N-Dubz are up for best UK act and best album at the Mobo Awards. The London trio have two shots at the best song prize, getting the nod for their Tynchy Stryder collaboration Number One, and single Strong Again. The group will also go up against records by the likes of Beyonce and Kanye West.
Scientists at the US-based J Craig Venter Institute have been busily working on the endeavour for more than a decade. They have now published details of the result, an organism called Synthia, in the prestigious journal Science.The project aims to sequence genomes from the vast range of microbes living in the sea, to provide scientists with a better understanding of the evolution and function of genes and to create a synthetic life form.Dr Venter has certainly not gained a reputation for modesty about his achievements.But his efforts in the field of human genomics have undeniably helped speed up the entire process.The breakthrough, when controversy
Australia has asked Israel to remove one of its diplomats from its embassy in Canberra over the use of forged Australian passports in the killing of a Palestinian in Dubai.The UK took similar action in March, after concluding that Israel was responsible.
Harold Biles, the chief engine room artificer on board the Hebe, a minesweeper deployed to Dover as a control vessel during the evacuation of Dunkirk in June 1940. The Hebe crossed the Channel to Dunkirk three times during those chaotic days between 27 May and 4 June. The ship was lying about 200 metres off the beach at Dunkirk, and there was just a seething mass of soldiers.
India's Maoist leader Comrade Akaash told the BBC that they were "appealing" to the railways to run trains through rebel strongholds even during the night.The restrictions would be in place until 0500 [2330GMT] on 3 June, the company said.Report said other services were being rescheduled to ensure they travelled through Maoist areas of eastern India in daylight.
The Beatles occupy the top two places in the chart and have an additional three records in the Top 10
Ski season is estimated to have attracted £37.5m into the local economy.
Five men accused of kidnapping, torturing, and killing left-wing activists under the country's military rule between 1976 and 1983.The five have denied the charges.They include two former intelligence officers, Honorio Martinez Ruiz and Eduardo Ruffo, former Gen Eduardo Cabanillas, former Col Ruben Visuara, and former military intelligence agent Raul Guglielminetti.A sixth man, former Vice Cmdr Nestor Guillamondegui, was excused from the trial on health grounds, court officials said.Human rights groups hope the trial will shed light on Operation Condor,
Lucha Libra is a video game based on Mexican 'Lucha Libre' style wrestling.
Harper Lee's classic was published 50 years ago this summer and it remains the only novel she ever wrote.Lee, 84, has never explained why she stopped writingShe doesn't give interviews - "Hell, no" was her response to a request several decades ago - and that silence has only added to the intrigueBut her close friend Thomas Lane Butts, a retired minister in her hometown, Monroeville, Alabama, says she once told him the reasonSitting on a pew in the Methodist church which the Lee family still attends, he described to me how she suddenly brought the subject up one night over dinner in New York
The Aberdeen Children of the 1950s project, which saw all primary pupils aged seven to 12 surveyed by the Medical Research Council in 1962, has recruited 50,000 people.
The National Portrait Gallery in London needs to raise £100,000 to save the 1733 portrait of Gambian Ayuba Suleiman Diallo.
VAT rise is "unavoidable" to reduce the deficit, Chancellor George Osborne says. The government has said the planned rise in the main rate of VAT from 17.5% to 20% is estimated to raise Â£13bn towards reducing the deficit.
"They can only harm and destroy, they can only cause pain and hardship and useless expense to taxpayers and ratepayers," he said.
The Northern Ireland Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said it is determined to bring those responsible to justice over the recent violence in the north of the province.The chief constable, Matt Baggott, said the cost of policing Monday's violence would run into millions of pounds.He said the PSNI had been forced to respond to the violence by using water cannon and baton rounds.A 20-year-old man was also charged with riotous behaviour in connection with an incident during an Orange Order march in the Ormeau Road area on 12 July. He is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates
Former head of MI5 Baroness Manningham-Buller told the Chilcot inquiry that the Iraq invasion had radicalised "a few among a generation".She said the UK's participation in the March 2003 military action "undoubtedly increased" the level of terrorist threat.She said she believed the intelligence on Iraq's threat was not "substantial enough" to justify the action.As a result, she said she was "surprised" that UK nationals were involved in the 7/7 bombings in London.She added: "What Iraq did was produce fresh impetus on people prepared to engage in terrorism," she said,
The main structure of the spacecraft was moved this week from the UK factory where it has been for a year to undergo tests on its propulsion system.EADS Astrium in Stevenage transported Gaia by road to Ampac-ISP at Aylesbury for checks on its cold gas micro-thrusters.Once this work is complete, the structure will then go to Astrium's Toulouse, France, facility for final preparations.The European Space Agency (Esa) satellite is due for launch in 2012 on a Soyuz rocket from the new Sinnamary spaceport in French Guiana.Gaia is a successor
Prince Charles and Camilla visited the Railway Hotel, at the invitation of his charity The Prince's Regeneration Trust.The trust hopes to restore and refurbish the building, where once Jimi Hendrix and
China's Zheng He was an admiral in the time of "empire", when there were no boundaries, no frontier limits, says China expert Edward Friedman.He says the historical records show the treasure fleets carried sophisticated weaponry and participated in at least three major military actions; in Java, Sumatra and Sri Lanka.Some say he even made it to America - several decades before the celebrated European explorer Christopher Columbus - although this has been widely disputed by historians.But within years of his death, Zheng appeared to fade from public consciousness, and for centuries his legend was overlooked as China turned its back on the world and entered a long
The works on Gdynia Way near Plymouth's city centre have been in place since June to widen the road to three lanes.
The Curriculum for Excellence, which has been four years in the making, aims to give teachers more freedom and make lessons less prescriptive.
Sir Philip Green is one of the UK's most successful retailers.Sir Philip's wife Tina is the direct owner of Arcadia, and she is officially a resident of Monaco.
The 1949 Delahaye Roadster, which some have dubbed the most beautiful car in the world, was given to Dors when she was 17.
The average price of a standard uniform has fallen by almost 21% since 2004, it said, with supermarkets increasing their market share.However, the total value of uniform and equipment sales has fallen from??861m in 2004 to??694m, the research group said.
The BBC director general, Mark Thompson, is expected to set out his vision for the BBC, as a publicly-funded news and cultural organisation in a world of rapidly changing technology and behaviour - and tighter public finances.The BBC is to publish the names of its highest-paid presenters and performers and it has proposed radical cuts to its staff pension scheme, to cope with a large deficit.But that in turn has alienated many BBC employees, who are less highly paid.Unions are balloting their members for strike action.Other staff are unhappy because their jobs are moving to the north of England, while executives leading the
Sean Lally was born in Tourmakeady, County Mayo and became a household name in Ireland for his role as Miley Byrne in the RTE soap opera Glenroe and later starred in the BBC series Ballykissangel.
Andal Ampatuan Junior is accused of orchestrating the murder of 57 unarmed civilians, who were ambushed, killed and clumsily buried in a mass grave in the southern province of Maguindanao last November.Another 27 members of his family have also been charged in connection with the killings - five are with him in custody - and they all deny the charges against them.But for many Filipinos, this trial is about much more than establishing the guilt or innocence of one man, or even one family.It's about the huge influence of clans like the Ampatuans, and the culture of impunity
Four out of five children in England who ate school lunches had tried food at school that they had not tried at home.
Oxford among worst GCSE resultsChairman of Oxfordshire Economic Partnership Frank Nigriello said small firms would not have jobs available.
Coronation Street, which celebrates 50 years on the screen in December, picked up a special honorary award.Doctor Who won best family drama prize - with actress Karen Gillan, who made her debut this.
Prime Minister David Cameron has flown to France to be with his father, who has died after suffering a stroke and heart complications.Mr Cameron was told on Wednesday morning his father was seriously ill. David Cameron flew to France on Wednesday to be at his father's bedside after he was told he was suffering from a stroke.The prime minister said he was "incredibly grateful" as he may not otherwise have been able to get there in time and was "relieved" to have been at his bedside.He told ITV 1's Trevor McDonald: "My father is a huge hero figure for me, because he's an amazingly
The materials, which can sense pressure as sensitively and quickly as human skin, have been outlined by two groups reporting in Nature Materials.
TUC chief Brendan Barber warned that big cuts would make Britain a "dark, brutish and more frightening place".
Fianna Fail leader Brian Cowen has apologised after he was accused of being drunk or hungover during an interview with RTE.The taoiseach was interviewed live from his party's conference, which is taking place in Galway.On Wednesday he said: "I'm sorry that it emerged in the quality it did. There was a hoarseness in my voice throughout the day yesterday."He added: "It wasn't my best performance and I would like to apologise for that."I would hate to think the reputation of the country or the office of taoISEach would in any way be affected by what
The Natural History Museum in London is one of the most unusual places in the world.Inside, your senses are greeted by the smell of rotting dog food, the buzz of blowflies and the purple UV light of the fly killer ready to zap escapees.This is where the museum's forensic entomologists breed different species of fly in a bid to help the police solve crimes.Museum scientist Amoret Whitaker is one. The natural history museum in London has become a hotbed of crime and crime scene research.Amoret and her colleagues work with the police to determine the time of death of a corpse.
Aberystwyth zoo owners Alan and Jean Mumbray admitted not having the correct paperwork for a commercial premises. A zoo owner has been fined and told the animals would be found new homes.
A UK expert said he hoped that further gene defects could be found.
Staff at Breckland Council will not be paid in future for the time they take to have a cigarette after the proposals were given the go-ahead.
The OLPC organisation said the grant meant it had all the development cash it needed to produce its next machine.
More than 100 people have been killed in Indonesia after flash floods and landslides triggered when a river burst its banks, officials say.
Sergeant Peter Rayner, 34, from Bradford, West Yorkshire, of 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster's Regiment, was killed on FridayThe soldier was carrying out a patrol in the Nahr-e Saraj area of Helmand ProvinceSgt Rayner's wife Wendy led tributes to the "fantastic" and "loving" husband and father to son, Derek"He loved his job and doing something which he believed in."He will be sincerely missed by all who knew him."A true Lion of England and a man of high morals, guts and integrity."A man who cared not just for the morale of his
Actor Morgan Freeman to receive AFI Lifetime Achievement award. Morgan Freeman will receive the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement Award for his role in Million Dollar Baby.
A memorial has been unveiled at the Unite building in Islington to honour those who lost their lives in the Spanish Civil War. A memorial is being unveiled at a Merseyside office block in London in honour of those who fought in Spain during the Spanish civil war.
The Dolomedes plantarius spiderlings were released into suitable dykes at Castle Marshes between Lowestoft and Beccles on Wednesday.
David Blunkett: "Can you think of one single reason why the people of Yorkshire shouldn't have their own White Rose Parliament?"
A village in Bangladesh has been devastated by floods, and many people are unable to repay their microcredit loans.Joba Rani, a farmer in the village of Kishangarh, is one of the victims of the devastating floods that hit her village.Ms Rani used her loan to buy six cows but after her crops were destroyed she had to sell three of them, at half the market price, to enable her to repay her loan."I was hoping to save the remaining cows but they had to be sold as well," she laments.Microfinance offers small loans to people who do not normally
Brain stimulation could help people with dyscalculia. Researchers at Cardiff University have used a one milliamp current to stimulate the parietal lobe of a small number of students to improve their ability to solve maths problems. A new study has found that electrical stimulation of a part of the brain can improve the ability of volunteers to solve numerical problems.
Haiti floods: Cholera cholera outbreak spreads in Leogane. The UN estimates 15,000 people have been affected by the floods in western Haiti, with more than 1,000 cases of the diarrhoeal disease reported. The number of people infected with cholero-cholera in Haiti has risen to 7,359, according to the country's health ministry. The latest figures come as the country struggles to get clean drinking water to those areas worse affected by Hurricane Tomas.The latest figures from the Ministry of Health show there have been more than 7,500 cases of choleria in Haiti
Michel Houellebecq, 52, won a court case in 2002 against Muslim groups who accused him of insulting Islam.
Haile Gebrselassie - Olympic gold medallist, winner of more than 20 sporting records, businessman and activist - pulled out of his first appearance at the New York marathon with a knee injury and told journalists afterwards that he was quitting competitive sports.
Unity of Iraq: This grouping - which merged with the Iraqi National Alliance to form the National Alliance - is led by outgoing Prime Minister Nouri Maliki, who has been seeking a second term in power.The alliance includes outgoing Vice-President Tariq al-Hashemi, a Sunni Arab, and senior Sunni politician Saleh al-Mutlaq.
Welsh place names are particularly important, as they tend to be descriptive of the conditions at the time of naming, whereas English place-names are subject to obscure influences from Latin, German, French and Scandinavian languages.
The 80ft (24.3m) structure will be located on a raised part of the seafront in Redcar.
More than 100 people are still missing and feared dead after a hillside collapsed on Sunday, following the heaviest rains in the country for decades.
Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt (AFP) - A group of sharks in the Red Sea off the coast of Egypt's Red Sea have been caught by local fishermen, but there is no evidence so far that either of them are responsible for a series of attacks that have left one person dead and several more injured.There is an abundance of oceanic white tip sharks - Carcharhinus longimanus - in the area, but the presence of the short-fin mako shark was intriguing.But they will try to determine why the sharks were lured into shallow waters, and what prompted them to carry out
Britain is the fattest EU member and has one of the highest rates of teen pregnancies, according to a new report.The UK also performs badly on female cancer survival and infant deaths.
HMS Ocean or aircraft carrier HMS Illustrious will be scrapped, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has said.
"Oxford City Council wants to get tough with irresponsible dog owners.
Seven organisations have issued joint advice on vitamin D, which the body gets from natural sunlight.The nutrient keeps bones strong, and protects against conditions like osteoporosis.The guidance was drawn up because it is thought fears about skin cancer have made people too cautious about being in the sun.
El Salvador's government has raised the alert level for the first time since the start of the year, warning of the threat of Mexican cartels moving in to the country.It is hard to imagine how violence in El Salvador could be worse - and the government seems to be bracing for the worst.In pictures: Life inside an El Salvador jail
Mexico pipeline blast: Thieves attempt to steal fuel from pipeline. The blast in a town in Puebla state was apparently caused by thieves attempting to steal oil from the pipeline.
Joanna Yeates, 25, from Bristol, was last seen buying a pizza at a Tesco Express store near her home in Clifton on the night she disappeared. A video has been released by detectives hoping people in the area at the time will remember seeing Joanna and contact the police. It is believed she returned home, but no trace has been found of the pizza or its wrapping.
Two police officers were taken to hospital after they were hit by a car while dealing with a road crash in icy conditions on the A77 near Kilmarnock.
Revenue totalled $23.5bn (Â£15.2bn), up 57% on the previous year, reinforcing the territory's position as the world's most lucrative gambling market.
Gerry Rafferty died peacefully at his home in Dorset, with his daughter Martha at his bedsideGerry had battled a drink problem and spent time in hospital in Bournemouth with liver failureHe was born in Paisley and began his musical career as a busker on the London UndergroundRafferty had recorded and toured with Billy Connolly as part of the Humblebums, before forming Stealers Wheel with his friend Joe Egan in 1972Stuck in the Middle with You was a hit in the early 70s and also appeared on the soundtrack of Quentin Tarantino's debut film Reservoir Dogs in 1992
Lithuania violated an article on free elections in the European Convention on Human Rights, the ruling said.The judgement by the Strasbourg court on Thursday is binding, meaning that Lithuania, an EU member state, will have to act on it to prevent any similar violation in future.But the judges did not award Mr Paksas compensation, saying their ruling was in itself "sufficient just satisfaction".Lithuania was found to have violated Article Three of Protocol One (Right to free elections)Read more from BBC News
The Procession to Calvary, completed in 1602, will remain on show at Nostell Priory in West Yorkshire.
Demonstrators marched outside the Iranian embassy accusing Tehran of interfering in Afghanistan's affairs.
Fidel Castro has remained the same, a symbol of revolution, a communist who has survived the fall of communismBefore surgery took him out of public view in July 2006, he inspired his followers with slogans and five-hour speechesFidel's views continued to be made public though in the form of editorials and occasional TV appearancesThroughout his leadership, he railed against the US, its economic and trade embargo and against the evils of free marketsFidel has been praised for standing up for the oppressed of Latin America, for opposing the Yankee imperialist, for making Cuba into a more equal society than many, for developing Cuba's health service and sending
Pan Am flight 103 bombing: Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi was born in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, on 1 April 1952. He was convicted of the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, which killed 270 people in the plane and on the ground, and remains the deadliest terrorist incident ever to have taken place on British soil.He always denied he had been responsible, but a series of appeals was halted when he was diagnosed with cancer and, controversially, released from prison in Scotland on compassionate grounds.In November 1991 Megrahi, and a fellow Libyan, Al Amin Khalifa Fhim
At least 102 people have died in a stampede at a hill shrine in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.At least 44 more have been injured in the crush, which was reportedly triggered by a road accident.The pilgrims were returning from the Hindu shrine of Sabarimala, which is in a remote, mountainous, densely-forested area.Kerala Governor R S Gavai has said he is "deeply shocked and saddened".
Life sentence for Tanzanian accused of 1998 US embassy bombings. A US court in New York has sentenced an al-Qaeda militant to life in prison for his role in the 1998 bombings of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. The conviction was not the resounding one the justice department would have liked, but it has been seized upon by the US Attorney General as showing the strength of the country's courts.
Shane Meadows has confirmed that This is England '90, set in the rave era, is currently in development.
Egypt's protests have turned violent as thousands of people have clashed with the security forces in the capital, Cairo, in the latest wave of demonstrations against President Hosni Mubarak's rule.The protests began on Wednesday night when hundreds of thousands of protesters gathered outside the Grand Mosque of the Prophet Mohammed in Giza, on the outskirts of Cairo, to protest against the 30-year-old president's rule, which has seen the country slide into economic and political turmoil.The demonstrations have been taking place since Wednesday night, when thousands of demonstrators gathered outside a mosque in the Nile Valley city of Giza to demand the removal of President Hos
Moderate exercise increased the size of the hippocampus, an area of the brain that makes memories, in 120 volunteersThe year-long trial, published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, showed performance on memory tests also improved.
Elin Jones is expected to lay out plans where some areas of Welsh forest could be transferred to the private sector or to not for profit organisations.
"If you look at the figures for the number of people who are brought over as husbands and wives, particularly from the Indian sub-continent," he said.
Thein Sein, 67, took office in March 2011, after the country's first election in 20 years in November 2010. Since then, he has led a process of reform in Myanmar, ruled for decades by a military junta of which he was a key member.He made the pledge to the UN General Assembly in New York in 2012, saying Myanmar (also known as Burma) was on a path from which it would not backtrack.He has been welcomed cautiously onto the world stage, despite warnings from critics that many key tests remain for Myanmar's reform process.Under his administration the government has freed hundreds of
Twitter: Nawara NegmI was involved in this revolution from the first day, 25 January, and I've now been spending my nights here for a while.  I was here on 25 January when riot police forced us out and by the 28th, we were back following the violence.I've been sleeping here most of the time since.I'm not writing my blog right now.  If we have a lot of action here I might do as many as 20 or 30 tweets a day.Now I sometimes just tweet to update people about what's going on or to call for a million-man demonstration or
It was in the air for 29 minutes during its maiden flight and reached an altitude of 5,000 feet.
When The Beatles first performed at the Cavern on 9 February, 1961, it was so low key it wasn't even advertised.A year and a half, and 292 performances, later, the group was set for stardom and the Cavern would become one of the world's most famous clubs.
It is an annual tax on the value of all of the debts of the UK banks (including money deposited with the banks), except that:Originally, the Treasury had planned to charge a lower rate of 0.05% during 2011, but in February it changed its mind, and switched to the standard rate of.
The Beatles were the epitome of rebellion in Liverpool because they weren't trying to imitate Cliff Richard and the Shadows doing little in time steps. They would dance out of step on purpose."That was their purpose in life - to upset the apple cart. They were a little bit of a voice for us against authority. We were mini rebels supporting them."Of course when I went back to work I used to stand gazing out of the window thinking about the Beatles and the girls at the Cavern. I couldn't really concentrate on doing any work."Just in a few weeks they'd gained a bigger following. When word went around, the
Nicholas George Winton was born on 19 May 1909 in the well-heeled Hampstead district of north London.His Jewish parents had moved from Germany to London in 1907 and changed the family name from Wertheim to Winton.They had also converted to Christianity and it was into that faith that their son was baptised.In 1923, Winton became one of the first pupils at the newly opened Stowe School in Buckinghamshire. Although he left without attaining any qualifications, he had become imbued with a love of mathematics.He continued his studies at evening classes before moving to Germany, where he worked in banks
Colin Hughes was attacked in Old Swan in September 2010 as he went to investigate a noise at the door of his home.
Aung San Suu Kyi has called for a peaceful revolution in Burma and said she hoped for a non-violent end to military rule.The Burmese military authorities released the Nobel Peace Prize winner from house arrest on 13 November last year.She had been detained for 15 of the previous 21 years.Thousands of people gathered outside the home of 65-year-old Mr Phillips and his brother-in-law Adrian Phillips to greet her and hear her speak.She urged people involved in the festival to "continue to use your liberty to promote ours" - a plea which arts organisers said had been taken to the
Ugandan opposition leader Kizza Besigye says he has been the victim of a campaign of intimidation by the security forces.He is running against President Yoweri Museveni in the presidential elections for the fourth time, after losing his previous three attempts.His campaign rallies for the 2016 election have been characterised by supporters handing over donations, including bunches of bananas and live goats - a stark contrast to most campaign rallies on the continent, which see the candidates distributing gifts hoping to secure the votes of the beneficiaries.He promised in an interview with Uganda's Daily Monitor paper in 2013 that he would not run again but would use other
Bhutan: The history of Bhutan's monarchy. The Bhutanese name for Bhutan, Druk Yul, means "Land of the Thunder Dragon" and it only began to open up to outsiders in the 1970s. The Wangchuck hereditary monarchy has wielded power since 1907.
Kyle Cleet Marshall died after being caught in a roadside bomb blast in the Nahr-e Saraj district of Helmand province
A fire crew remains at Plasgran in Manea Road, Wimblington, more than 16 hours after the incident began on Wednesday afternoon.
Bath Bath and North East Somerset Council is holding a presentation of initial concept pictures of the redevelopment.
New Zealand earthquake: 120 dead as quake kills 120 in Christchurch. At least 120 people have been killed in New Zealand's second-biggest city, Christchurch, after a 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck at 1251 (2351 GMT on Monday, 10km (6.2 miles) south-east of the South Island city of nearly 400,000 people. The country's deadliest natural disaster in 80 years has killed 120 people in the city of Christchurch after a magnitude 7.0 quake struck at a shallow depth of 5km (3.1 miles) during lunchtime when the city
Gloucester City FC will be building a new home ground in Sudmeadow, Gloucestershire.The new ground will be a completely new build, within the boundaries of the old stadium.
Microsoft - a company that may well spend more on R&D than any other business - believes its strategy is paying off, and the proof is the XBox Kinect system.The system which turns a player's body into a games controller was developed with the help of seven different research groups at the company's three main labs, some working on voice recognition, others on motion sensors and a range of other technologies.
A former field marshal, three generals and six admirals say the loss of Ark Royal and its fleet of Harrier jets has damaged Britain's defence capabilities.
China's Zhou Shengxian wants to see environmental protection become a key plank of the new Five Year Plan (2011-2015).
Archaeologists have discovered a walling at Edinburgh Castle that dates back to the 1540s.They were brought in by Mary of Guise, widow of James V, at a time when intermittent warfare with England made it essential to have fortifications that could protect against heavy artillery in a siege
Here are some of the clips from our interviews hosted by Andrew Neil and Jo Coburn, with films from our reporting team.Follow us on twitter or 'like' us on Facebook where we look forward to your comments and you can hear more news about upcoming guests and films.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK so long as its wind-down is properly implemented and is used by the government as an opportunity to support a properly regulated market of a sufficient size to enable competition between dedicated market participants Steve Allen, the managing director of LGC Forensics The government announced last year that the FSS would close, with as many of its operations as possible being transferred or sold off.But some experts are concerned that an over-emphasis on profits could threaten the quality of science.The government wants private enterprise, which currently makes up
India's Maoist rebels are known as "Naxalites" because of the violent left-wing uprising in 1967, which began in the West Bengal village of Naxalbari.Although this was eventually quashed by police, over the years the rebels have regrouped and asserted control over vast swathes of land in central and eastern India, establishing a so-called "red corridor".This spans the states of Jharkand, West Bengal, Orissa, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh and also reaches into Uttar Pradesh, and Karnataka.More than 6,000
Former Manchester United captain wants to build the futuristic four-bedroom property on greenbelt moorland between Bolton and Bury.
Sian O'Callaghan was last seen leaving Suju alone at about 0250 GMT on Saturday to walk half a mile home.Police say the journey could only have been made by car.Mobile records put her phone in the area of the 4,500-acre forest 32 minutes after she left the club.A £20,000 reward to help find her has been offered by an anonymous donor.
Doosan Power Systems is to locate a research centre in Renfrew employing up to 200 people. It also wants to build a manufacturing plant in Scotland, creating up to 500 direct jobs.
Two people, who were suffering from smoke inhalation, were rescued from a first floor window
Text a radio show: 81333, and start your message with the word "BBC".
Rio Tinto's offer of A$16 a share is now conditional on 47% of shareholders accepting it by 6 April.
Ronan Kerr, a member of the Beragh Red Knights GAA club, was killed when a bomb exploded under his car in Omagh on Saturday. The Real IRA said it carried out the attack2. The Continuity IRA says it shot the policeman3.The Irish Congress of Trade Unions has organised a lunchtime rally in Belfast on Wednesday to allow people to express their abhorrence.
The British government has been accused of torturing hundreds of thousands of Kenyans during the Mau Mau uprising of 1952.The British government is being accused of torture and other abuses by the British-led African Home Guard in Kenya during the 1950s and 1960s.The UK says the claim is not valid because of the amount of time since the abuses were alleged to have happened, and that any liability rested with the Kenyan authorities after independence in 1963.But Leigh Day & Co says the case is an "opportunity for the British government to come to terms with the past and apologise to the victims and the Kenyan people for this
China is one of the world's top exporters and is attracting record amounts of foreign investment. In turn, it is investing billions of dollars abroad.As a member of the World Trade Organisation, China benefits from access to foreign markets. But relations with trading partners have been strained over China's huge trade surplus and the piracy of goods.The former has led to demands for Beijing to raise the value of its currency, the renminbi, which would make Chinese goods more expensive for foreign buyers and possibly hold back exports.
Peter Gillespie, 64, from Hertfordshire, was part of a £4.7m plot to bring two million doses of counterfeit drugs from China to the UK.He was convicted of conspiring to defraud pharmaceutical wholesalers, pharmacists and members of the public.By mimicking authentic, properly manufactured and tested medicines, Gillespie illegally infiltrated the regulated system designed to protect the public and pharmaceutical industry, the court heard.The case arose from a £750,000 three-and-a-half-year investigation by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA).Mick Deats, head of enforcement
George Edward Cole was born in Tooting, south-west London on 22 Apr 1925. His 16 year old mother abandoned him when he was just ten days old and he was adopted by the Cole family and brought up on a London council estate.He left school at 14 intending to work as a butcher's boy but, following the death of his adoptive father, ran away to Blackpool where he successfully auditioned for a part in a touring musical show.In 1940, he played a Cockney evacuee in Cottage To Let, first on stage and then on film.The following year, in another horror film, Fr
Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant has been upgraded to a level seven - the maximum - on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES). A nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in Japan has been classified as an "event resulting in an environmental release corresponding to a quantity of radioactivity radiologically equivalent to a release to the atmosphere of more than several tens of thousands of TBq of Iodine-131".
Prison officers are banned from going on strike, but the ballot will seek the members' views.
Burundi: Pierre Nkurunziza becomes first president to be chosen in democratic elections. Pierre-Eugene Ondimba, a former Hutu rebel leader, becomes the first president elected in democratic polls since the start of the civil war in 1994.
Tokyo Electric Power Co (Tepco) aims to reduce radiation leaks in three months and to cool the reactors within nine months.The firm said it also planned to cover the reactor building.Nearly 14,000 people died and another 10,000 are still unaccounted for after the earthquake and tsunami.
Survey: Satisfaction with the work of councils is highest in North East England - but still less than one in three are happy.
Paul Daniels Magic Show: The man who broke new ground in magic. Paul Daniels, a magician who was born in Middlesbrough in 1938, has died at the age of 82. He was the first magician in the UK to perform a magic show on television. He performed his magic on the BBC and ITV in the late 1970s and early 1980s, and he was a regular guest on TV shows such as The Wheeltappers and Shunters Social Club, a variety show compered by Bernard Manning and set in a fictional working men's club. He also appeared on the quiz shows Odd One Out, Every
Hawick Knitwear increases production to meet demand. A knitwear firm has increased its production to 9,500 sweaters each week.
If it is positive it is growing. If the GDP measure is up on the previous three months, the economy is expanding.
The Bab al-Aziziya compound in Tripoli, Libya, where Col Muammar Gaddafi was killed in an air strike, is a grievous strategic error - militarily insignificant but diplomatically disastrous. It would be dangerous and short-sighted to portray even effective assassination as a silver bullet.Perhaps, though, the demonstration to the regime that no safe haven exists, and that only capitulation would bring security, justified these risks?There is no doubt that, along with the military aim of disrupting command-and-control hubs, Nato sought a psychological effect, conscious of the possibility of "accidental assassination".The
Osama Bin Laden was shot in the head by US Special Forces in Afghanistan on Saturday.The body was then flown to Afghanistan and Bin Laden's identity was confirmed.A DNA sample was taken that matched that of several other family members.Some sources say facial recognition technology was also used.From Afghanistan, the body was, it appears, flown to the USS Carl Vinson."A military officer read prepared religious remarks, which were translated into Arabic by a native speaker," a US defence official said.The US military took this requirement very seriously, burying the body within hours."Traditional procedures for Islamic burial were followed," an official saidAccording to UK
Osama Bin Laden, 54, was the founder and leader of al-Qaeda. He is believed to have ordered the attacks on New York and Washington on 11 September 2001, as well as a number of other deadly bombings.The US has not commented on anyone it captured or had planned to capture, other than saying it had taken Bin Laden's body.The CIA is already said to be going through a large number of hard drives and storage devices seized in the raid.White House counter-terrorism adviser John Brennan said there had been concern Pakistani forces would deploy to counter the US Navy Seal team conducting the raid but it had avoided any confrontation.
Alassane Ouattara has been in power since his predecessor, Laurent Gbagbo, was forcibly removed from.
John Cleese's Alimony tour has become "rueful - even, in the true sense of the word, pathetic".
Highland and Islands Fire and Rescue Service recorded the acreage of several of the most serious of the 73 heath and grass fires its crews have tackled.The 332-acre total includes 100 acres burnt in Locaber on 1 May, but does not take into account all land affected.Landowners contributed more than Â£1m towards the cost of the fire fighting.
Two brothers believed to be mid-ranking al-Qaeda officials died in a drone strike in south Yemen on Thursday, Yemeni officials said.
AMS is one of the most expensive science experiments ever put in space. It promises some dramatic new insights into the origin and make-up of the cosmos. AMS will do this by studying the storm of high-energy particles (cosmic rays) that are hurled at Earth from the deepest reaches of the Universe. Critical to its operation is a very strong magnet. As the particles enter AMS, they will bend through this magnet. How they bend reveals their charge, a fundamental property that says a great deal about the nature of those particles and where they came from. The idea of using a powerful magnetic field to do this
Princess Beatrice wore the hat to the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton last month.The dramatic creation has been likened to a Turkey Twizzler, a lavatory seat and a pretzel.
Egypt's Lost Cities is on BBC One on Monday 30 May at 2030 BST. It will also be shown on the Discovery channel in the US.
Image caption The researchers say the electron differs from being perfectly round by a minuscule amount The shape of the electron could have an important bearing on the future theories of particle physics - such as supersymmetry - according to new research.The discovery is important because it may make some of the emerging theories of quantum physics less likely.The researchers say they have measured the electron's shape with a very, very high degree of precision, and found that it is more egg-shaped than the Standard Model predicts.However, this does not support the theory, according to Dr Hudson.He hopes to improve the accuracy of his measurements
Angolans have been protesting against the government in the country's capital, Luanda, after a number of activists were arrested for taking part in an anti-government demonstration in the city centre.The legislation, which would have banned the sharing of information electronically that could "destroy, alter or subvert state institutions" or "damage national integrity or independence", was due to be voted into law on Wednesday.The law would have made it illegal for anyone to search for information about the state, even if it was not classified.The government said the legislation was needed to curb crimes such as child pornography, hacking and online financial fraud
Lancashire shale gas drilling has been suspended as a precaution after a second earthquake in two months. The latest tremor was felt by at least one person in Poulton-Le-Fylde. Lancastrian shale gas drill site Cuadrilla Resources has suspended fracking operations after a tremor in the county.
Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra
The fire at Eco-Oil Ltd at the Kingsnorth Industrial Estate at Hoo, Kent, started at about 2300 BST and was finally brought under control at around 0545 BST
Sunderland Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson has joined Premier League rivals Liverpool on a five-year deal.The 20-year-old England international passed a medical and agreed personal terms with the club on Thursday in a deal reported to be worth £20m.Henderson, the club's first summer signing, signed what Liverpool described as 'a long-term deal'."I'm over the moon, overjoyed to be here and I'm really looking forward to it," Henderson told the Liverpool website. "Obviously it's hard to leave your local club. I'm a Sunderland lad, I've supported them all my life."But I'm
Peter Tobin is serving three life sentences for the murders of Vicky Hamilton, Dinah McNicol and Angelika Kluk.
South West Trains apologised for the disruption, which was the latest in a series to hit passengers this week.
A colony has been roosting in St Hilda's Church at Ellerburn, close to the North York Moors.But despite the church's best efforts the bats are not moving and are soiling the altar and.
Mr Carstens, a former Little League baseball star, became a fan of the Chicago Cubs team.It was there that he met his wife, economist and author Catherine Mansell, who writes under the pen name CM Mayo.He has been described as having a rock-star appeal on the international political circuit.But he is not the only candidate in the race to head the International Monetary Fund (IMF).He is also the only one from the Americas in the running for the post of managing director of the fund, which is currently headed by Mr Zoellick, who is from the US.Mr Carst
Southern Cross is the UK's largest care home operator, employing 44,000 staff, of which the company has already said it will cut 3,000.
Mike Phillips has been suspended by the Welsh Rugby Union after an incident outside a fast food restaurant in the early hours of Tuesday.The incident occurred outside a McDonald's restaurant in Queen Street
Joyce Watson, Labour AM for Mid and West Wales, backs a fingerprint ID system of cashless payments to help poorer children.She is due to launch a debate on the issue in the Senedd on Tuesday.
More than eight out of 10 newborns are now breastfed at least once after birth.
What to do if you are feeling sad about what you've seen, heard or read.
Mozambique: Frelimo president Filipe Nyusi sworn in as president in January 2015. He now presides over a country on the cusp of tapping newly discovered offshore gas fields.
Mozambia: Former defence minister Filipe Nyusi wins the presidential election in October 2014 and was inaugurated in January 2015.
Paul captured global attention after he successfully predicted the results of all of Germany's seven games at the 2010 World Cup
Tyler and Cameron Winklevosses have filed a fresh lawsuit against Facebook over their feud with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.The twins, Tyler, 26, and Cameron, 25, said that Facebook "intentionally or inadvertently suppressed evidence" during their previous litigation.The case was settled in 2008 when the parties agreed on a financial settlement, reportedly worth around $65m (Â£41m).
Felix Sturm beats Matt Macklin to retain his WBA middleweight title in Sheffield. Matt Sturm wins a split decision after a superb fight against Felix Macklin in Sheffield, with two judges favouring Sturm by 116-112 and the other seeing it 115-113 for Macklin.
10 people have been affected by E. coli in Bordeaux.It is thought a number of them had eaten rocket and mustard vegetable sprouts, believed to have been grown from seeds sold by Thompson and Morgan.The Ipswich-based company told the BBC it had no evidence of a link.However, it has revised its guidance and is advising people not to eat raw sprouted seeds, including alfalfa, mung beans (or beansprouts) and fenugreek.The agency said these should only be eaten if cooked until steaming hot throughout.The FSA says it is asking the company
Syrian opposition leaders meet in Damascus to discuss the future of the country. The Syrian opposition has called for an end to the government's brutal crackdown on protesters and for a peaceful transition to democracy. Syria's opposition leaders have met in the capital, Damascus, to discuss how to end the country's crisis.
In Syria, 70% of career soldiers and 80% of officers are drawn from the ruling minority Alawite clan. Those units employed in crackdowns and massacres, such as the Fourth Division controlled by President Bashar al-Assad's brother, are all-Alawite, as are key intelligence organisations and militias.These armies - like Bahrain's security forces and Libya's elite brigades - may be disciplined and cohesive, but they are not professional. Since their fate is bound up with that of the regimes, they have little compunction in unleashing violence.It is this distinction, between independent and servile armies,
Prince William and Kate Middleton arrive in Canada. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Canada for their first official visit to the country as part of a nine-day tour of the country. The royal couple arrived in the Canadian capital, Ottawa, on Thursday afternoon local time.The couple will be staying at Government House - also known as Rideau Hall - while in Ottawa.The duke and duchess earlier visited Canada's National War Memorial.Canada is a member of the Commonwealth and Queen Elizabeth II, Prince William's grandmother, is its head of state.Canada has created a new royal flag for the
Morocco election: King Mohammed VI still wields too much power. Morocco's prime minister says the king still has too much control over the country's power.Morocco's king has promised to give up some of his powers following previous protests but his constitutional reforms have been dismissed by some as "window-dressing".
Ellen White and Rachel Yankey set up France game. England's Ellen White scores twice to set up a game against France in the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup in Leverkusen on Saturday. Ellen White celebrates after scoring the opening goal in England's 2-0 win over Japan in the group stage of the World Cup.
The 36-year-old cancer patient, Andemariam Teklesenbet Beyene, is doing well a month after the operation.He says he is looking forward to getting back to Iceland to finish his studies and then returning to his home in Eritrea where he will be reunited with his wife and young family, and meet his new three-month-old child.He is eternally grateful to the medical team that has saved his life. Without a transplant he would have died.He said: "This is a synthetic windpipe. The beauty of this is you can have it immediately. There is
South Africa's history: The leader of the ruling African National Congress party, Jacob Zuma, was chosen president by the newly-elected parliament in May 2009.He has spent his entire adult life since 1959 in the service of the ANC. He joined its armed wing Umkhonto we Sizwe in 1962 and spent ten years in prison for conspiracy to overthrow the apartheid-era government.
Reunion is one of four French overseas departments in the Indian Ocean. It is home to one of the world's most active volcanoes, the Piton de la Fournaise, which is also a World Heritage site.
The Saharan Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) is a semi-autonomous territory of Western Sahara, a former Spanish colony in the Sahara Desert. It is a former colonial territory of Morocco and is a full member of the African Union. It was declared by the Polisario Front in 1976, with a government in exile in Algeria.
A couple from Falkirk in Scotland have become the second biggest lottery winner in the UK after they scooped £1.7m in the Euromillions jackpot.The prize was Europe's biggest ever and was capped after a series of rollovers.The Weirs, who have not been able to work for more than two years, have already decided to buy homes for their two children, Carly and Jamie, who are both in their 20s. A couple in Falkirk, Scotland, who had been working as a television cameraman and a fully-trained psychiatric nurse, have scooped the biggest lottery jackpot
Sri Lankan domestic workers in Saudi Arabia are being held in a detention centre in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, for allegedly being abused by their employers. They are all now classified as illegal immigrants under Saudi law. They have been held at the Olaya detention camp for more than a decade.
Carlos Tevez: Sporting Club Corinthians announce the impossibility of signing Manchester City striker. Corinthians have officially announced that they have not been able to complete a deal to sign Manchester City's Carlos tevez.
Tour de France: Edvald Boasson Hagen wins stage 17 in Pinerolo. Team Sky's Edvaldo Boassen Hagen celebrates after winning the 17th stage of the Tour of France in Pernolo. Edvardo Boassin Hagen of Team Sky celebrates after claiming the stage 17 victory in Purnolo.Team Sky's strong showing in the absence of Bradley Wiggins, who suffered a broken collarbone on stage seven, has also made it a successful Tour for the only British team in the race.
Dereck Chisora beats Tyson Fury to win the British light-welterweight title at Wembley Arena.Dereck "Chisora" Chissonora, the WBO, IBF and WBA champion, was beaten by Tyson Fury in the 10th round of the British title fight at Wembley.Fury, 23, looked fresh throughout and picked his opponent off at ease to earn a wide unanimous decision.Two judges scored the fight 117-112 with the other scoring it 118-111.Victory for the unbeaten Fury - the 15th of his professional career - could now open the door to a
The number of people killed in the island shooting spree, which is among the world's most deadly, had been put at 10 on Friday - but soared overnight. Hundreds of young people had been attending the summer camp organised by the governing Labour Party on Utoeya island.Witnesses described how a tall, blond man dressed as a policeman opened fire indiscriminately, prompting camp attendees to jump into the water to try to escape the hail of bullets.Some of the teenagers were shot at as they tried to swim to safety.Armed police were deployed to the island but details of the operation to capture the suspect remain unclear
Belgium's law bans any clothing that obscures the identity of the wearer in places like parks and on the streetIt was passed almost unanimously by the lower house of parliament in April 2010MPs voted with only two abstentions to back the legislation on the grounds of security, to allow police to identify peopleOther MPs said that full face veils such as the burka or the niqab were a symbol of the oppression of womenBut critics of the law say it could end up excluding women, leaving those who do wear the full veil trapped in their homesAnd they say the measures are over the top - estimates suggest only a few
Tour de France: Cadel Evans takes yellow jersey from Andy Schleck. Cadel  Evans takes the yellow jersey ahead of Sunday's largely ceremonial final stage in Paris. The Australian  is destined for a third consecutive second place in the Tour after the aggression that secured his stage win over the Galibier on Thursday  appeared to catch up with him.
Daimler predicts full-year sales of more than 100bn euros. German carmaker Mercedes-Benz said it had seen rising sales of its cars and trucks in the second quarter.
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie has been awarded the honorary Heart of Sarajevo award for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Cuba's President Fidel Castro tells parliament that the time has come for social and political reforms.
Staff in Jobcentres, banks, building societies and utility companies in England could also be trained to spot - and counsel - vulnerable people.
The death penalty was formally abolished in Britain in 1965 and in Northern Ireland in 1973.It was last debated in Parliament in 1998 during the passage of the Human Rights Act. It was rejected by 158 votes.But Neil Durkin from Amnesty International said it was a "waste of time and money that we as a nation cannot afford".In September 2010, YouGov conducted the last opinion poll to ask directly if people want the death penalty re-instated. It suggested that 51% did.And a Mori poll in July 2010 asked people which of a list of crimes they thought should have the death.
More than 100 people have been arrested as officers were attacked, police vehicles damaged and shops looted.There have been reports of a gang of up to 200 youths looting shops and charging police in Coldharbour Lane and the High Street in Brixton, south London.Some 35 officers have been injured over the two nights of rioting.Three officers were hurt when a vehicle hit them as they tried to make an arrest in Waltham Forest, east London.Clashes broke out in Enfield, north London, on Sunday evening where shop windows were smashed and a police car damaged.The Met said it had dealt with several incidents of
A Vietnamese man has been sentenced to three years in prison for "insulting the image of the country", a court in the country's second largest city has said.He admitted having joined an opposition group but said his writings were not aimed at overthrowing anyone. "I only pointed out the negative things in society, and I think the country needs to be more democratic."
Wales boasts the largest leatherback ever recorded anywhere on the planet.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), the UK-based carmaker, has announced that it will release an all-new version of the Defender in 2015.A concept car on which the new Defender will be based is set to make its public debut at next month's Frankfurt motor show.Arguably, the overhaul cannot come too soon for a vehicle that now feels hopelessly outdated next to the company's latest offering, the.
Sheikh Isa Bin-Salman Al Khalifah becomes ruler of Bahrain. Sheikh Isa becomes the first Emir and the Council of State becomes a cabinet.1973 December - After the constitution comes into force on 6 December, elections are held on.
Jodie Foster is one of more than 2,400 people who contributed to the fund to save the Allen Telescope Array.The array began operating in 2007 and is named after its major benefactor, Paul Allen, co-founder of Microsoft. It is part of the Hat Creek Radio Observatory, run by the University of California, Berkeley.
Manchester United 5-1 Arsenal. Manchester United return to the top of the Premier League table with a stunning 5-0 victory over Arsenal at Old Trafford.
Jordan: Key dates in its history. Jordan is a key ally of the US and, together with Egypt, one of only two Arab nations to have made peace with Israel. King Abdullah II, Jordan's monarch since 1999, has extensive powers.
The wolf was hunted almost to extinction in France in the 1930s but, protected as an endangered species, it is making a surprising comeback. It is only our presence in these mountains that are limiting the wolf attacks."Most people in France have welcomed the return of the wolf. But if these people woke in the morning to find their flock decimated, they might change their opinion."Critics say there is no evidence wolf attacks are out of control and they blame some of these sheep deaths on wild dogs. But this year there have been almost 600 attacks in which more than 2,000 sheep have been killed. That constitutes a
A woman has died after being struck by a train at a level crossing near Ipswich.
Two women in Indonesia's Aceh province have been forcibly separated and under surveillance by the Islamic police.
Mons Graupius is believed to be wrapped up in the mysterious disappearance of the 9th Hispana in AD 120.The legion, cohorts of auxiliary light infantrymen from Gaul and Batavia along with cavalry were heavily outnumbered by Caledonians at the battlefield.However, the tactics of Roman general Gnaeus Julius Agricola left 10,000 tribesmen dead but relatively light casualties among the auxiliaries.There has been a long running debate on where the battle was fought.In his book Legions of Rome, historian Stephen Dando-Collins said no location has been "reliably fixed".He said Cal
Roger and Mathilde Lamb from Pensham, near Pershore, died in separate falls.A spokeswoman said Mrs Lamb fell from a window of an apartment in the resort of Essaouira while Mr Lamb fell downstairs at a different building a few days later.Mr Lamb, who was an engineer and a graduate of the University of Birmingham, was working in Christchurch, New Zealand, while his family remained at home in Worcestershire.The families said their main concern was for the couple's children.Roger and Tilly's families have been deeply shocked and saddened by their tragic deaths while on holiday in Morocco
A tortoise that had been tipped into a green waste bin was spotted and saved.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the world, with a population of 28.7 million and an area of 2.24 million sq km (864,869 sq miles).Saudi Arabia has the highest per-capita YouTube use of any country. It is reportedly home to more than 40% of all active Twitter users in the Arab region.Saudi investors are major players in the pan-Arab TV industry, but the country has one of the region's most tightly-controlled media environments.The government openly acknowledges that widespread internet filtering takes place. It targets "pornographic", Islam-related, human rights and political
Land Rover has released the first images of the concept car upon which the new Defender will be based, the DC100. This is set to make its public debut at next month's Frankfurt motor show. And arguably, the overhaul cannot come too soon for a vehicle that now feels hopelessly outdated next to the company's latest offering, the Range Rover Evoque.
The carriageway was closed between junction 15 near Northampton and Newport Pagnell Services
Slumdog Millionaire is a film about the village of Kingussie, Scotland.The village is mentioned in a line in the film delivered by Janet de Vigne from Edinburgh.
The man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to intercept voicemail messages and attempting to pervert the course of justice.
Chelsea 2-1 Sunderland. Jose Mata's superb free-kick gave the Blues the lead after the hosts failed to clear their lines when Daniel Sturridge's backheel hit the outside of the post.
India and Bangladesh fail to reach agreement on sharing river water. India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina have failed to reach an agreement over sharing water from the Teesta river.
Any man who had ever had sex with another man was barred for life from donation.From 7 November the ban is being lifted in England, Scotland and Wales.But men who want to donate must not have had sex.
Former British foreign secretaries have called on the prime minister to raise the murder of a Russian ex-spy during his visit to Moscow on Sunday.They want President Dmitry Medvedev to be confronted over a perceived failure to protect business against corruption.The letter says hundreds of thousands of Russian businessmen are detained in jails after falling victim to corruption sanctioned by the authorities.
Fiji's population, which resides mostly on the two main islands of Viti Levu and Vanua Levu, is divided between indigenous Fijians and Indo-Fijians, the descendents of indentured labourers brought from IndiaThe two groups were of roughly equal numbers until the mid-2000s, by which time coups and agitation had prompted thousands of Indo-fijians
Indonesia profile - homeRead more country profilesProfiles compiled by BBC Monitoring
Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez must accept the situation at the club. Manchester City manager Roberto Mignolet insists that Carlos tevez will have a chance to play against Tottenham.
Philip Stevens, five, and two-year-old Izaak were suffocated by their mother Melanie, 37, before she hanged herself, the inquest in Caernarfon heard.Their bodies were found at home in Trawsfynydd, Gwynedd, in December last year after relatives contacted police.PC Adrian Wyn Owen told the inquest that concerns were raised that Ms Stevens' car was parked outside her home, but relatives were unable to make contact.After initially visiting the house on the afternoon of 19 December, PC Owen returned again that evening with PC Raymond Williams and they took the decision to force entry.
Wrexham boss Paul Saunders leaves for Doncaster Rovers. Wrexingham manager Paul Saunders has left the Racecourse after three years to succeed Sean O'Driscoll.
A man who was detained under a level of security after he went missing from a mental health unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police in Manchester.Steven Dunne, 42, failed to return to Southview Low Secure Unit, Hellingly, at 17:00 BST on Wednesday.After a police appeal on Saturday, Dunne later went into Bootle Street police station in Manchester, where he is in custody.Sussex Police said they believed he had gone to Manchester because he had family links in the city.
Cambridge history student knew the "significance" of the monument but did not realise he was dangling from a war memorial, the Court of Appeal was told.
World Cup 2014: France 17-16 England. France beat England to reach the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup with a 16-16 draw at the Stade de France.
Google is launching a competition for teenagers to create an experiment that could be carried out in space.
Blombos Cave on the southern Cape Coast, 300km east of Cape Town, has been giving up remarkable archaeological treasures for more than 20 years.Scientists have been scraping down through its sandy sediments to find all manner of artefacts left by the Middle Stone Age people who occupied the limestone cavity.In 2002, researchers described 70,000-year-old blocks of ochre. This soft stone contains iron oxides that can be used as a pigment, or colouring agent.But apart from some engravings on the blocks, there was little hard evidence to determine the precise purpose of the ochres.The new
Amtrak said it had been a "low speed" collision between the "San Joaquin" train - travelling between Bakersfield and Oakland - and the Coast Starlight, which was on its way from Los Angeles to Seattle.
Wales go into Saturday's semi-final against France with Gatland claiming: "We are not whiter than white."While England were damaged by stories of late-night revelry, the Welsh have been portrayed as virtually teetotal."A lot [has been] made of us being like monks and that there has been an alcohol ban. That's completely untrue," said Gatland."There has been no alcohol ban in this squad.
The latest intake of Tory MPs is far and away the most Eurosceptic in the Conservative Party's history.Almost all of the pro-European "big beasts" of the Thatcher/Major years - men like Chris Patten and Michael Heseltine - are long gone from front-line politics.According to Tim Montgomerie, the assiduous student of backbench opinion who writes for the website Conservative Home, a third of those now on the Conservative benches would like to see a fundamental renegotiation of the UK's relationship with Europe, and another third would like Britain to come out altogether.
Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has warned against any outside intervention in Syria.
Palau's first inhabitants - thought to have come from present-day eastern Indonesia - settle in the islands. The early Palauans develop complex social systems, practice fishing and farming.1783 - English captain Henry Wilson is shipwrecked on a reef and becomes the first Westerner to visit.1885 - Spain asserts its claim to the islands1899 - Spain sells Palau to Germany, which begins to exploit the islands' resources using native labour. Phosphate is mined and coconut plantations are developed.1914 - After Germany's defeat in World War I, Japan seizes Palau.1947 -
Thames Water will make at least £100m a year if it goes ahead.
A total of 76 suspects have been arrested and huge quantities of drugs and arms seized in a series of raids.
Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band album is worth about??70,000.It was created to celebrate the success of the record - released in June 1967 -.
A fault at the Clydesdale Bank machine in Stewarton Street, Wishaw, meant customers received double the amount of money they keyed in.
Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from Southampton Solent University.The singer said she had never been to the city but hoped to get an opportunity to visit the university soon.The honorary doctorate was presented at a special ceremony in London.Ms Minogue said: "I'm honoured and I'm shocked to receive this degree."You start working in the entertainment industry and you don't really stop and look back at what you've done."It's nice to be honoured for that and to connect with the students who are studying at the moment because a big part of their studies
Cape Town taxi driver Zola Tongo has been jailed for 18 years for murder, conspiracy to commit murder, robbery with aggravating circumstances and perverting the course of justice.
Mexico's interior secretary Francisco Blake Mora has died in a helicopter crash near Mexico City. He was one of the president's right-hand men.The helicopter was flying to Cuernavaca in neighbouring Morelos state for a prosecutors' meeting when it went down.All eight people on board were killed.Mr Blake was Mr Calderon's fourth interior secretary.
A 34-year-old woman became the second person in three weeks to die at the busy Bow Roundabout junction.The victim, who is yet to be named, was pronounced dead at 16:45 GMT.
Maia Collingswood, from Barmouth, Gwynedd, had the transplant at London's Great Ormond Street Hospital in August after a three-month wait for a new heart.She has now been welcomed back to her school, Ysgol y Traeth.
BBC Sport has extended its coverage of the RBS Six Nations for a further four years to March 2017.
Thousands of border agency workers are expected to strike on 30 November in protest at government pension changes.Ministers fear there could be major disruption for travellers, so volunteers are being asked to step in.
A member of contracted staff has been suspended after a woman was contacted on Facebook by a man who said he had got her name from a computer while she was being treated in hospital.The woman, who has not been named, is believed to have asked the man "how's the hand?"A member of staff at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary has been sacked after a man contacted her on Facebook and asked her for her address and telephone number.The man, who is not known to have been a patient at the hospital, is said to have got the woman's name from an electronic floor plan in the treatment area of Acc
Iran's nuclear programme. Iran says it is building a uranium enrichment plant near Qom, but insists it is for peaceful purposes.
The right to report proceedings in the Commons and Lords without fear of legal recourse does not "necessarily extend" to all media, the government's attorney general has said. The government's Attorney General has warned MPs against revealing details of court orders in Parliament.
Gatland: Wales' Osprey Williams 'was fantastic for him'. Wales coach Warren Gatland says Shane Williams' last-gasp try was a fitting send-off to an outstanding career.
Glaciers in the French Alps are losing mass at an accelerating rate over the last 40 years, according to a new study.The research has been presented at the American Geophysical Union (AGU) Fall Meeting, the world's largest annual gathering of Earth scientists.It mirrors some findings of retreat occurring in other sectors of the Alps which sit across the borders of several nations, but predominantly Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, Germany, France, and Italy.The new French Alps glaciers inventory was produced by Marie Gardent, from the University of Savoie, and colleagues.It assessed the roughly 600 glaciers in broad areas incorporating the E
The M77/A77 has reopened northbound at junction 8 Kilmaurs in East Ayrshire following an accident at 06:00. The M8 westbound was closed for five hours at Newhouse in North Lanarkshire because of a jackknifed lorry, which also caused a diesel spillage.
A new study shows that the failure rate of knee and hip replacement surgery could be cut in half if a new drug is given to patients with osteoporosis. A study has shown that the life of joint implants could be lengthened by a drug to prevent the loss of bone material. A new UK study has found that the success rate of hip and knee replacement surgeries could be reduced if a drug called bisphosphonates is given.
The UK government gave Northern Ireland the power to reduce the level of the tax because it said it had a special economic case.
Nobel Peace Prize for Peace 2011: Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Leymah Gbowee and Tawakkol Karman. The 2011 Nobel Peace prize for Peace has been awarded to three women for their "non-violent struggle" for women's safety and for peace.
Seoul apartment complex looks like the 9/11 attacks. A new apartment complex in South Korea has sparked a furious response from critics who say it resembles the collapse of New York's World Trade Center.
Allen plans to develop a giant aircraft that would put spaceships into orbit, rather than lifting them off from a launch pad.Other moguls are in the private space race, too, after Nasa this year ended its 30-year space shuttle programme.
The High Court has ruled that the UK is in breach of its obligations under European law in relation to air quality.
Heinrich Boere, who is in a wheelchair, was taken by ambulance from his nursing home in Germany to a prison hospital.A German court rejected an appeal against his jail term and a medical expert said he was fit to serve his sentence at a "suitable" facility.During his trial, Boere had admitted to the killings in 1944, but said he had been acting on orders from his superiors.He shot dead Fritz Bicknese, a chemist and father of 12; Frans Kusters, a Dutch resistance member who owned a bicycle shop; and Teun de Groot, who helped Jews go into
Snibston Discovery Museum, which is based at a former colliery, showcases the area's industrial heritage.
School Report News Day on 16 March 2017: How to create a dedicated School Report web page on your school website. You can use the official School Report graphics, which can be found at the foot of this page. You can copy and paste this:Students from this school will be making the news for real on 16 March 2017 as they take part in BBC News School Report. This page also offers guidance about media law issues such as copyright, libel and contempt of court as well as editorial issues such taste and decency. If you're not technically minded, don't worry! The best thing to do is to speak early
Brazil's top environmental judge has ruled that construction work on the Belo Monte dam could go ahead.
The Home Affairs Committee's report said the Met Police had failed to respond quickly enough to the scale of the disorder in London and other parts of the country. It says the riots were an exceptional series of events at a time the authorities were being asked to make savings.
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, one of the world's richest men, owns stakes in many well-known companies.
Microsoft has revealed details of a login system for the next version of Windows based around pictures a user stores on a touchscreen device. Only when parts of an image are tapped or touched in the right order will a user be able to access a device.
A group of sewer men and women have posted a rewritten version of the carol Deck the Halls
The Faraday Lecture Block dates back to the 1960s and the university says its "tired and monotonous design" means it has become a bit of an eyesore
The crackdown combats phishing by ensuring that the websites of legitimate banks appear at the top of search results.The move comes as the personal details of more than 45 million Chinese people were stolen in separate attacks.
The US state department said it was "very concerned" and urged authorities to stop the "harassment".
Sean Holley and Jonathan Humphreys: Ospreys to be assessed. Osprey chief operating officer Mark Hore says the claims of head coach Sean Holley and forwards coach Jonathan Humphreys will be assessed by the club.
French radio station RTL has reported that the fuel additive Baysilone was found in the French silicone gel implants.The French health safety agency says it has registered 1,143 ruptures and 495 inflammatory reactions from the implants.In the UK, 40,000 women have been advised by the government not to have them removed although ministers have ordered a review of data used to assess the risk of the implant leaking.
Loch Ness is the largest UK lake by volume, and is close enough to the North Sea to be influenced by this loading effect.The researchers measured the height of the loch's surface every 12 hours and 25 minutes for 201 days, and found a tiny signal in the data. The researchers have measured a tiny tidal signal in Loch Ness that has never been observed in a western European lake before. It is the result of the gravitational pull of the Moon and Sun.
Former Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert is charged with corruption in the latest corruption case.The charges relate to the construction of a luxury residential complex in Jerusalem called Holyland which is built on a prominent hilltop.
Karam Chand was born in a small rural village in the Punjab in northern India in 1905.His family worked in farming and, in keeping with the custom of the time, he married at a young age.Mr Chand, who came with his family to Bradford in 1965, said there was no real secret to living a long married life."Eat and drink what you want but in moderation. I have never held back from enjoying my life.
Paul Paul Scholes has announced his return to Manchester United.The former England midfielder, 37, retired at the end of last season and has been coaching at Old TraffordHe will help United through their injury crisis and came off the bench for the final 31 minutes of Sunday's 3-2 win at Manchester CityScholes said: "I'm delighted the manager feels I can still make a contribution to the team."The Salford-born player's return was announced only an hour before kick-off and two-goal hero Wayne Rooney revealed afterwards that the decision was a closely-guarded secret inside the club."It was a bit
Northampton Saints' Rhys Foden: "If he continues to perform, I'm going to have to push myself to the limit"
Eurotunnel has been given the go-ahead to liquidate the French ferry firm SeaFrance after it was ruled illegal by a court in Paris.Eurotunnel is expected to take control of the company's assets, including its ferries, which will be sold to a new buyer and a new purchaser.The court also said an offer by a cooperative of employees was not acceptable.More than 1,000 jobs in France are also expected to be lost.The French firm went into receivership in 2010 and its company's ferries carried more than 3.5 million passengers a year on the Dover to Calais route.
Researchers at Glasgow University have found that the lengths of tiny pieces of DNA called telomeres indicate whether a young creature is likely to live long into old age.They have been likened to the caps on the ends of shoelaces - they stop things from unravelling.Over time they wear down - and when they do, the DNA they protect is compromised and the cell can malfunction or die.Everything that is made up of living cells contains chromosomes: the genetic code that makes us what we are.But before you rush out - were such a process possible - it is worth pointing out that the creatures they have been
A Dalit woman in Maharashtra state has alleged that she was beaten to death by a group of women because her son had eloped with an upper-caste girl.The incident took place in Mulgaon village on Monday afternoon but reports of the atrocity have just come out.The village in Satara district falls in the constituency of the state's Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan.
Foyle Road, which was closed between the lower deck of the Craigavon Bridge and John Street roundabout, has reopened.
Anthony Shavers lost a 15-round decision to Ali in 1977, although he was a friend before the fight and has remained so in the intervening 35 yearsAli would have picked them apart. All us guys in the '70s would have."Ali was a very nice man who treated me well. He was an easy-going guy, an easy guy to talk to. When the cameras came he put on a show, but away from the cameras he was very quiet guy."When Shavers fought Ali four years later, he rocked 'The Greatest' with a huge right hand in the second round - a blow Ali said "sh
Italy's captain of the Costa Concordia has been convicted of causing the shipwreck and abandoning ship before his passengers.Captain Giuseppe Schettino has been sentenced to five years in prison and ordered to pay compensation to the families of the 32 passengers and crew members who died on the Italian island of Giglio in January 2012.He was convicted of abandoning the ship before it sank, causing the death of 32 people and causing the loss of 4,300 of its passengers.The court heard that the captain had told the coastguard: "Do you realise that it is dark and we can't see anything?"The coastguard shouts
Gambia president Yahya Jammeh says he will wipe out almost 82% of the workforce in the next five years.
Residents living around the Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield have said cars are being illegally parked on local streets by staff and patients.
Ron Jones, from Newport, prepares to mark Holocaust Memorial Day on Friday with a service at the city's cathedral, he says that amongst all the terrible memories, there will also be a few which will make him smile.He was captured in 1943 fighting in the Middle East, and after nine months in Italy, was transferred to forced labour camp E715, part of the Auschwitz complex.There he spent 12 hours a day, six days a week, working with hazardous chemicals in the IG Farben works, but on Sundays they were permitted to play football.
Man found guilty of beating man to death. A man has been found guilty at Lewes Crown Court of murdering a man who had befriended him and who he trusted.
Forest, 47, led Forest to successive play-off campaigns while at.
The MPs said that the UKBA's own staff should feel that they can properly challenge any bad behaviour by contractors - but it also criticised the practice of taking "reserves" to airports - people who may then find that they are not being removed from the UK after all.It called on the government to allow independent monitors, people allowed into prisons and removal centres, to board removal flights.
Rotherham United sign midfielder Youssef Guedioura from Wolves. Wolves sign midfield player Youssefe Guedigoura on a season-long loan deal from Manchester United. Wolves transfer news: Riyad Mahrez joins Manchester United on loan from West Ham United ROTHERHAM United have signed midfield player Riyad Mkhitaryan on loan until the end of the season.
Wycombe's Kadeem Harris signs a three-and-a-half year contract with Cardiff. Wycombe winger and academy graduate Kadeeme Harris signs for Cardiff in the January transfer window.
Ra Ravel Morrison has signed a three-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham United.
The government has announced a new scheme to support weekly collections of rubbish, as well as for initiatives offering residents reward vouchers for recycling rubbish.The scheme will support initiatives which reward households for recycling, with points that convert into money off at retailers, such as Windsor and Maidenhead's RecycleBank.
Carlos Tevez: Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini says he could return to the City team if he is fit. Manchester City manager Roberto mancini has said Carlos tevez could return from injury to the Premier League team if the striker is fit. "There is only one thing on my mind, the Barclays Premier League."
BBC Persian broadcast online videos and interviewed protesters, who described deaths, injuries and arbitrary arrests
Widnes claim that Mathers' injuries are more likely the result of the icy conditions the match was played in. The Rugby Football League say their match commissioner had no concerns about the surface, which is the first artificial pitch ever to be used in the sport.
Adrian Le Saux: 'The important thing isn't whether or not there are gay players in football'. Former Chelsea and Southampton defender Adrian Lee Saux says it is up to football to stand up for gay players.
Church of England members vote to raise wedding and funeral fees. Church members have voted to raise the cost of a wedding from £296 to £415 and for a funeral service from £102 to £160.
Former footballer Paul Gascoigne and comedian Steve Coogan have also settled with News Group Newspapers (NGN), which published the News of the World.Former England international footballer Alastair Campbell received £68,000 plus costs while former MP Simon Hughes received £40,000. Former England international footballer Paul Gascoeigne has settled with the owner of News International for breach of privacy arising out of the phone hacking scandal at the former newspaper.Former footballer Paul Coogan and former TV presenter Chris Hughes have also received substantial damages plus costs.Former comedian Chris Hughes, who was the subject of a number of News of
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab pleaded guilty to attempting to blow up a commercial plane as a would-be suicide mission for al-Qaeda.He was badly burned when a bomb sewn into his underwear failed to detonate fully, prosecutors said.Almost 300 people were on the flight from Amsterdam to Detroit.Some of the passengers from the flight were in the courtroom as Federal Judge Nancy Edmunds announced the sentence.
Pastor Tsimba, who lived in a tin-roofed shack in the slums of Kinshasa, told me the children had been in the church for days, deprived of food and forced to work. Their parents were paying for the privilege.The only light came from flickering candles and storm lamps.The children, bewildered and quiet, were now in his words "delivered".One by one he brought the children up to the front of the church. He ordered them to lie down and, still shouting and chanting, began slapping their stomachs, one, two, three times. Each harder
US officials want distracting functions to be disabled when driving.The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration also wants built-in gadgets the driver can use to turn-off non-essential functions while the car is moving.
The aircraft was built in 1941 from donations from the Borough of Lambeth Spitfire Fund.It was stationed in Cornwall, Hampshire, Norfolk and Shropshire during the war but crashed in 1944.The aircraft, nicknamed "Bette" after one of its pilot's girlfriends, was flown by author Alec Lumsden, who gave it the name Bette and added a character from the Daily Mirror cartoon strip 'Just Jake' to the paint work.It has also been immortalised by modelmakers Airfix and Revell.John Tomlin, from Historics at Brooklands, said: "The historical side
Battersea Power Station to be offered for sale on the open market. The Grade II listed building opened in 1933 and generated power until 1983.
Edinburgh Airport said there was "congestion" as passengers had to be checked in manually.
Northern Ireland: Camp, McAuley, Hughes, Jonathan Evans, McGivern, Davis, Ferguson, Shiels, Paterson.
Former Nigerian governor James Ibori has been convicted of money-laundering in the UK.He is due to be sentenced on 16 April.Ibori, once seen as one of Nigeria's wealthiest and most influential politicians, was arrested in 2010 in Dubai and then extradited to London.Some $35m of his alleged UK assets were frozen in 2007.As his trial at London's Southwark Crown Court was about to begin, he changed his plea to guilty and admitted stealing money from Delta state and laundering it in London through a number of offshore companies.The BBC's Chris Summers says between 20 and 30 of Mr I
The Badger Trust says culling will not stop TB and may in fact help spread it.Other campaign groups are considering action under the Bern Convention, which protects European wildlife.
The photo of Ms Badu with several words in Arabic and Hebrew written on her body features prominently on her official fan site. The Star has already apologised, saying its inclusion in Monday's edition was "inadvertent".
Northern Ireland Rare Disease Partnership aims to give sufferers and their carers an independent voice.
The government says it will also restrict the arrival of foreign domestic workers to those who are travelling with their employers, such as diplomats or business people temporarily working in the UK.Under the new rules, overseas domestic workers who come to the UK with their employer must leave after six months. Those working in diplomats' households can stay for up to five years. The workers will not be able to extend their stay, switch employer, sponsor dependants or seek settlement.
Job Jobless rate in the 17 countries that use the euro rose to 10.7% in January, while December's figure was revised up from.
Cyprus: Timeline of events in the island's history. History of the break-up of the island in the 1960s and 1970s. Cyprus is divided between Greek and Turkish Cypriot communities, with Greek Cypriots living in the north and Turks in the south. The island was annexed by Britain in 1914, after more than 300 years of Ottoman rule. The island is divided into two constituent parts, divided by the "Green Line" ceasefire line drawn up by UN forces in 1963. The UN Security Council unanimously passes a resolution calling on Turkey to withdraw its troops from Cyrpus. Turkey refuses to do so
Estonia has become one of the most economically successful of the European Union's newer eastern European members.Estonia says the number of stateless persons has dropped by 80% between 1992 and 2013.
Bridgwater Community Hospital will have 30 inpatient beds, a midwifery-led maternity unit, a minor injury unit and X-ray and space for mobile scanners.
The Sun may seem to change little from our viewing position on Earth. With the right equipment, it is possible to see dark regions called sunspots. But up close, our Sun is a dynamic, violent beast.Bright loops of matter arch and twist like fiery fountains above the surface of this gigantic natural nuclear reactor.And every so often an intense burst of radiation called a solar flare appears when magnetic energy - stored in our star's atmosphere - is suddenly released.Solar flares are sometimes associated with the release of high energy particles into space - eruptions that are known as coronal mass ejections (CME
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the most powerful Islamist groups in the world, and has been at the forefront of a violent campaign to establish an Islamic state in the North African country of Algeria.Al-Qaeda's influence over other nascent Islamist cells comes from its wealth, thanks to the money it makes from kidnapping Westerners and drug and cigarette trafficking across the Sahara.It emerged in early 2007, after a feared militant group, the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC), aligned itself with Osama Bin Laden's international network.In September 2006 the
Racism in football has hit the headlines at Premiership level recently, but a BBC Wales investigation indicates it's also a feature of the amateur and grassroots game in Wales.
Housing Minister Grant Shapps is expected to say: "This coalition government backs the dreams of those who want to own the roof over their own head."He has promised to triple or even quadruple the discounts available to "hard-working families".
Kath was cast aside by Henry VIII for being unable to provide the Tudor dynasty with a male heirHer tomb was of black marble, with gilded letters and decorationMr Orme said: "But Oliver Cromwell's soldiers stole the gilding during the sack of the cathedral in 1643, while a dean of the parish used the marble for the floor of his summerhouse in the 1700s"It was not until the late 19th Century that a wife of one of the Cathedral canons, Katharine Clayton, started a public appeal asking all the Katharines of England to donate to the replacement marble slab which can be
"It was extraordinary to have found yourself a symbol of freedom of expression, though for the wrong reasons," the 73-year old Bogdanov tells the BBC World Service's Witness programme on the 30th anniversary of his trial.Accused of procuring an act of "gross indecency" likely to cause offence for his production of The Romans in Britain at London's National Theatre, he says he felt "enormous relief" when the case collapsed and the prosecution withdrew its evidence on the third day of the hearing. "I can't pretend it was easy, it felt like some huge juggernaut rolling over me
Archaeologists are racing against changing tides to record and excavate the find in peat at Borth, which gives a snapshot of a time when the shore lay further west.The team believes the footprints could be 3,000 to 4,000 years old.They lie across an area that would have been salt marsh when the footprints were made.The Royal Commission on Ancient and Historic Monuments is providing survey support, mapping the extent of the peat and other exposed features.Staff and students from the University of Wales Trinity St David are carrying out the work.As well as the footprints, a line of post holes has been
Plaid Cymru leader Elin Jones has won a second vote in the leadership election to become the next leader of the Welsh assembly. Elin Wood is the first woman to stand for the leadership of the party in the Welsh Assembly, but she is not the first to face criticism for her past comments about the Queen.She was the last leadership candidate to throw her hat in the ring, but her campaign quickly gathered momentum, with a band of active young supporters who enthusiastically championed her cause online.As an AM she also unearthed failings at the public spending watchdog, the Wales Audit Office, under former Auditor General Jeremy Col
Hungary's post-communist economic transition was achieved relatively smoothly. Within four years of the collapse of communism nearly half of the country's economic enterprises had been transferred to the private sector, and by 1998 Hungary was attracting nearly half.
The history of Iceland's history. History of Iceland: A look back at the history of the island, from the first Norse settlements on Iceland to the present day. A history of Icelandic history. The country experiences rapid technological and economic progress. A golden age of Icelandic culture begins, producing great works of medieval literature. A period of decline in Iceland, with disease, famine and a volcanic eruption in 1783 reducing the impoverished population from 50,000 to 35,000. Iceland adopts Christianity. This marks the final victory of the Lutheran Reformation in Iceland. Iceland becomes a member of the International Whaling Commission (I
The Islamist militant group Ansar al-Sharia has announced that it is going to launch a series of attacks on the Yemeni authorities in the southern province of Abyan.
Torchbearers chosen to carry the flame include Tom Burnett, 12, from Hull.Tom, a pupil at Kelvin Hall School, is among 212 12-year-olds who have been selected as torchbearers through the London 2012 Get Set Education programme.He said he was "really excited" about the role.Tom was nominated by his teacher Sean Thompson after representing his school at football and rugby and being selected to represent Hull at a regional cross country event.His father Peter said: "To actually get the call to say he's been picked... we were blown away.
Coptic Pope Shenouda dies in Cairo. Egypt's Coptic Church has mourned the death of the country's last pope, who died at the age of 88 on Saturday, after reportedly suffering from cancer. Coptic Christians in Cairo have paid their last respects to the Pope, who has died in the city's main cathedral after a long illness.The Pope's body was placed in a coffin before being seated on a ceremonial throne wearing embroidered vestments and a golden mitre, and holding a gold-topped staff.
Fabrice Muamba is said to be one of the fittest players at his club, Bolton Wanderers.But the underlying cause of such deaths are likely to be inherited rather than a reflection on their fitness.Genetic abnormalities are usually associated with arrhythmias - irregular heart beats - or cardiomyopathies, which is a disease of the heart muscle.But where sport can play a role is on the likelihood of these conditions leading to a cardiac arrest.The question that is always asked after such events is whether anything can be done to prevent them.Many sports in Britain regularly screen top athletes, although it is not
Staff Sgt Robert Bales, who was sent to Iraq three times before his recent deployment to Afghanistan, returned to the United States on Friday.His lawyer, John Henry Browne, has said the accused could be suffering from PTSD.But it is claimed that cases of PTSD were not just being overlooked - they may actually have been deliberately downplayed.At the base's Madigan Army Medical Center, an investigation is currently under way into allegations that the diagnoses of hundreds of soldiers may have been altered to lesser conditions in order to save on disability costs paid by the army.Seattle-based mental health therapist and PTSD counsellor Reid
Chinese linguist Zhou Youguang helped invent Pinyin, a writing system that turns Chinese characters into words using letters from the Roman alphabet.This makes it easier to learn how to pronounce Chinese words, and is credited with helping raise literacy rates in China.Despite his achievements, Mr Zhou remains largely unknown in his home country.Perhaps that is because the 106-year-old is a defiant character, refusing to take much credit for his work or pander to the Chinese Communist Party.He is critical of the party that governs China - and old enough not to care who is listening to what he has to say."What are
Fab Fabrice Muamba has made a remarkable recovery after suffering a cardiac arrest in Bolton's FA Cup tie.He was rushed to hospital in a critical condition after collapsing on the pitch at White Hart Lane in Bolton on Saturday.He has exceeded our expectations but this remains very early in what could be a very lengthy recovery period Dr Andrew Deaner, Consultant Cardiologist at London Chest Hospital "He was brought to the hospital in critical condition," said Deaner. "He had been taken to a local hospital where he was being treated.
A new survey shows an overall increase of 11% in dog mess on UK beaches - it's gone up 71% in Scotland.Dog poo is dangerous because it contains high levels of bacteria - if it gets into water it can be very bad for bathers' health.Almost 4,500 volunteers took part in the survey by The Marine Conservation Society - across 335 UK beaches.The society says that pet owners have been thinking ahead by carrying plastic bags to clear up dog mess - which is a good thing.But it now wants to encourage them to take the bags off the beach and bin it in one of the many dog bins
World Bank president: Jim Yong KimJim Yong Kim was chosen as the new president of the World Bank in April 2012.He faced a strong challenge for the post, which has traditionally gone to an American, from Nigerian Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala.Dr Kim succeeded Robert Zoellick is serving a five-year term.The Korean-American health expert was president of Dartmouth College in the US state of New Hampshire.The World Bank's predecessor - the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development - was set up to drive post-war recovery.Now, it is the world's leading development organisation
More than 95,000 of those who turn 65 this year can expect to celebrate their 100th birthday in 2047.The number of centenarians has been steadily increasing - from 600 in 1961 to nearly 13,000 in 2010.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos says he's found the engines from the Apollo 11 space rocket - the craft that carried the first men to the moon in 1969.
"It's nothing unusual to see drivers rolling joints while they're driving along the motorway and they're holding the steering wheel in their knees. That's not a strong drug but it still shouldn't be taken while driving."But for the longer journey - eight or nine hours - they're taking ecstasy."I was talking to a lad two weeks ago and, literally 10 minutes before, had taken ecstasy to try and keep awake and get back up because he had another seven hours in front of him."He said he hadn't been to sleep for two days."Campaigners are now calling for a change to the law to
Employers with 11 or more parking spaces now have to pay Nottingham City Council £288 a year per space under the Workplace Parking Levy.
Hot lava and ash spewed from the top into a valley nearby.
Robert Millar sportive to raise money for Scottish cycling. The Scottish Cycling Sportive will raise money to develop young Scottish cycling talent. The Glasgow Wheelers will host a sportive in honour of the late Scottish cyclist Bob Millar, who died last week aged 60.The event will be the first time Millar has allowed his name to be used for a cycling event.Media playback is not supported on this device
Citizens Advice Bureau is getting a growing number of complaints from the public about cold calling and companies' techniques.
World Cup 2014: India hopes football can finally gain a toehold in cricket-loving country. More than 60 years on, with another World Cup looming in Brazil and the Indian economy booming, there are renewed hopes that football.
Amazon is accused of using a tax avoidance scheme to avoid paying tax in the UK.The accusation hinges on the fact that since 2006, its UK business has been a subsidiary of its European headquarters in Luxembourg.As a result, anyone buying anything from Amazon in the.
Mame Diouf denies he was in a nightclub hours before the match at Southampton on 24 March.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, said it was the "worst possible moment" to downgrade the status and professional excellence of religious education in schools.
Malawi's first female president Joyce Banda has been sworn in as the new president of Malawi. She took power over the weekend following the death of 78-year-old President Bingu wa Mutharika, who died in office after heading up the southern Africa country since 2004.
The US has overtaken China as the world's biggest investor in the clean energy sector, according to a new report. The US is the largest investor in clean energy in the world, with $48bn of investment in the sector in 2011, up from $34bn in 2010, a report has shown.China slipped to second place, the authors reported, with investment only increasing by $0.5bn.
Egypt's constitutional court suspends assembly. Egypt's Constitutional Court has suspended the assembly drawing up the country's new constitution and referred the question of its legitimacy to a legal adviser.
The Simpsons creator Matt Groening told Smithsonian magazine he based the town on Springfield, Oregon, but since it is such a common US place name he knew many would think it was their own Springfield.
French Resistance member Raymond Aubrac dies aged 94. French Resistance veteran Raymond Aubrac has died aged 94, his daughter has said. A French Resistance fighter who was arrested by the Gestapo during World War Two has died at the age of 94. His daughter said he had died at Val de Grace military hospital in Paris.
William Boyd has revealed that his story will mark a return to "classic Bond" and will be set in the late 1960s.He is the third author in recent years to be invited by the Ian Fleming estate to write an official Bond novel.Before him came American thriller writer Jeffery Deaver, who penned Carte Blanche in 2011; and Sebastian Faulks, whose Devil May Care was published to mark Ian Fleming's centenary in 2008.Deaver's book, released in May last year, is set in. He wrote Fleming into the narrative, making him responsible for recruiting the protagonist, Logan Mountstuart, to the
David Gilroy was found guilty by a jury last month of murdering 38-year-old bookkeeper Ms Pilley. She disappeared in May 2010 but her body has never been found.
The Spitfire is arguably the most important plane in the history of aviation, playing a crucial role in the Second World War
Solar Orbiter will take pictures and measurements from inside the orbit of Mercury, to gain new insights on what drives the star's dynamic behaviour.The European Space Agency has signed a contract with Astrium UK to build the satellite, for a launch in 2017.The deal is worth 300m euros (Â£245m), and the work will be done in Stevenage.With an eye on history, the contract signatures on the legal paperwork were timed to coincide with the 50th anniversary of UK activity in orbit.It was 26 April 1962 that Britain became a space-faring nation, with the launch of the Ariel-1
London marathon: Paralympic athlete Claire is training for the London Marathon using a robotic walking suit to prove she is just as determined as she was in her sporting days. Paralympian Claire O'Brien, from Lincolnshire, has been training intensively for the marathon using the ReWalk bionic walking suit for the past three months and hopes to be the first person to walk unaided in the London marathon on Sunday.She says: "I want to get back on my feet as quickly as possible and regain my independence. I want to raise as much as I can. There's a lot of people who
There are more than 300 newspapers, most of them local or regional. The most popular paper, the Fakt tabloid, is owned by a German-Swiss group.
A new study shows that DNA and its chemical cousin RNA are not unique in their ability to encode information and to pass it on through heredity.The work, reported in Science, is promising for future "synthetic biology" and biotechnology efforts.It also hints at the idea that if life exists elsewhere, it could be bound by evolution but not by similar chemistry.
Researchers from the British Geological Survey and University College London (UCL) have mapped in detail the amount and potential yield of this groundwater resource across the continent. They argue that the total volume of water in aquifers underground is 100 times the amount found on the surface.The researchers say their new maps indicate that many countries currently designated as "water scarce" have substantial groundwater reserves.However, the scientists are cautious about the best way of accessing these hidden resources. They suggest that widespread drilling of large boreholes might not work.Dr Alan MacDonald of the BGS, lead author of the study, told the BBC: "
Sudan Sudan's official television network has been showing footage of South Sudanese soldiers marching in Heglig, a town on the border with South Sudan.The footage, broadcast under the title "The Youth Who Answer The Call To Arms", urges young men to join up. It features key figures from the ruling National Congress Party (NCP), including the defence minister and Khartoum State governor, who are shown dressed in military fatigues, extolling the virtues of jihad. In one video, a commander addresses his soldiers in Arabic and blames the NCP and President Bashir for lying to their people and dragging
One person has died after a flu outbreak at a nursing home in Carmarthenshire, health officials have said.Public Health Wales (PHW) said 21 of the 35 residents at the unidentified home had been ill since 10 April.It is unclear if the flu-like illness caused the death.Public health officials said five residents had been hospitalised and the remainder had been offered the anti-viral drug, Tamiflu.A total of 17 people have tested positive for the influenza.
Life expectancy is going up all round, but the rates for men are increasing faster.Plummeting smoking rates in men are thought to explain a lot of the change.Prof Mayhew, a professor of statistics at Cass Business School, analysed life expectancy data in England and Wales. He was working out how long 30-year-olds could expect to live.His findings show men languishing far behind for decades, but now starting to get closer to women.If current trends continue, Prof Mayhew predicts, both sexes could, on average, be living to the age of 87 in 2030.He said: "What's interesting
Microsoft paid more than $1bn for most of AOL's patents, beating rivals reported to have included Facebook.
Slovakia's history: President Andrej Kiska takes office. Republic of Czechoslovakia includes Czech, Slovak and Ruthenian lands. The "velvet divorce" results in two independent countries, the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Egypt's electoral commission has upheld the appeal of former prime minister Ahmed Shafiq, who was barred from standing in the presidential election. Egypt's presidential election is due to take place on 23 and 24 May, after which there is expected to be a run-off between the top two candidates.
Sean Connery: 'I was never saying 'Martini, shaken not stirred'.Sean Connery has recalled his early meetings with 007 film director Guy Hamilton.
Greater Manchester Police investigated Kabeer Hassan and another man, aged 59, but it was nearly a year later when a CPS lawyer decided to drop the case.
Officers confiscated marijuana in the UK with a street value of Â£100 million, according to an Association of Chief Police Officers (Acpo) report.
Rupert Murdoch is to blame for phone hacking at the News of the World, the House of Commons culture committee has concluded.The committee of MPs began its inquiry in July 2011 in the wake of fresh revelations about the extent of hacking.
The project Mythic: The Story of Gods and Men had $4,739 (Â£2,922) in pledges out of a target of $80,000 at the point it was pulled by its creator.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has ordered the military to take over the subsidiary of Spanish power company REE.
Cardinal Brady says he had no authority to stop Smyth. Cardinal Brady said he had "absolutely no authority over Smyth" and had felt betrayed that those in the Church who had the power to stop him did not do so.Irish Cardinal Brendan Brady has refused to resign after a BBC investigation found that he had the names and address of children being abused by a paedophile priest in the 1970s.Irish Catholic Cardinal Bernard D'Arcy has said he was the only person who knew of the allegations against Cardinal Brendan Smyth at that time and that because of the office he holds in the church today he somehow had the
115 people locked inside three houses in Texas. Police say 115 people were found locked in three small houses in Edinburg, close to the Mexican border.
Kimber Walsh and Boe will debut their version of the classic Queen track on 11 May at London's Royal Albert HallThe official Team GB and Paralympics GB single will go on sale the same dayThe original track, based around one of Brian May's most recognisable riffs, was a top 10 hit for Queen in 1985The lyrics have been slightly tweaked for the Olympic version - the phrase "one man" becomes "one team" throughout the songAlso missing is Freddie Mercury's infamous pay-off: He originally sang "Fried Chicken" instead of the title during the fade outWalsh, who has enjoyed massive chart success with
Kerry Foods confirmed the redundancies, which were initially announced in February.
Cancer is one of the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, according to a new study.Cervical, gut and liver cancers account for 1.9m cases of the disease worldwide.Most cases are in the developing world.The team from the International Agency for Research on Cancer in France, part of the World Health Organization, says more efforts are needed to tackle these avoidable cases and recognise cancer as a communicable disease.
The euro is shaking again after the chaos-election in Greece. The success of anti-austerity campaigns is viewed as a blow to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who lost.
Turkey: Timeline of Turkish history. Timeline of Turkey's history. History of the Ottoman Empire (1301-1922)1453 - Sultan Mehmed II the Magnificent captures Constantinople, ending Byzantine Empire and consolidating Ottoman Empire in Asia Minor and Balkans.15th-16th centuries - Expansion into Asia and Africa.1683 - Ottoman advance into Europe halted at Battle of Vienna.Long decline begins.19th century - Efforts at political and economic modernisation of Empire largely founder.1908 - Young Turk Revolution establishes constitutional rule, but degenerates into military dictatorship during First World War, where Ottoman Empire fights
Some pupils faced transport fees of £400 a year under the proposals from the Conservative-controlled council
The Mid-Infrared Instrument (Miri) will gather key data as the $9bn (Â£5.5bn) observatory seeks to identify the first starlight in the Universe.The Miri instrument will be placed in a special environment-controlled shipping box, so it can travel to the US space agency's Goddard centre. The Maryland facility is where the final integration of James Webb will take place.Miri will be fixed inside a cage-like structure called the Integrated Science Instrument Module and positioned just behind the big mirror.It will carry a 6.5m primary mirror (more than double the
"It's in a remarkable state of preservation, full of historic interest and of great educational potential."
The new network will see up to 21 US-style local TV stations in areas including Belfast, Edinburgh, Cardiff and London.
Saudi Obeikan, who was an adviser to the royal cabinet, opposed moves to relax gender segregation.
Human Rights Watch believes Nato air strikes killed at least 72 civilians in Libya last year.
The Pirate Bay file-sharing site has been hit by a massive DDoS attack, which has left users unable to access the site.The Pirate Bay has confirmed the attack on its Facebook page, saying that it did not know who was behind it, although it "had its suspicions".A provider of DDoS defence systems said that it was unlikely that the attack came from hacking group Anonymous."There will be further attacks, but what's significant about this whole story is that people think that it is the Anonymous attacking a site which is typically a type of site that they defend," said Andre Stewart of Corero Network Security.
Doctors need to talk more openly about dying and bereavement and to make plans around end-of-life care. It is vitally important that every person who is coming to the end of their life is spotted early enough and supported to make a good advance care plan. I know just how hard it is to address issues like this in the frenzy of busy surgeries and wards.But we as doctors need to up our game.All of us, especially doctors can play a part in ensuring everyone is able to have a good death.We need to bring dying back into people's homes, rather than in hospital, care homes or hosp
The assets comprise properties, money from nearly 30 bank accounts and fine art belonging to Gioacchino Campolo.Dubbed the King of Videopoker, as he made his fortune by tampering with slot machines, Campolo was sentenced last year to 18 years in prison
The violence is the first in Beirut since the conflict began in neighbouring Syria in March last year.Political factions in Lebanon have often defined themselves as pro- or anti-Syrian.
Tyrannosaurus bataar sold for more than $1m in New York. The rare Tyrannosaurid was bought by an anonymous bidder despite protests from the Mongolian president. It is thought to be one of the most complete and well preserved ever discovered.
Poor-quality and fake tablets are causing drug resistance and treatment failure.
India will outdo the world's biggest biometric databases including those of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the US-VISIT visa programme," says Nandan Nilekani, the technology tycoon who heads the programme popularly called by its acronym UIDAIThe programme has studied global best practices in biometric identity databases.Unlike the United States' social security number, which is guessable and China's, which adds the date of birth, India's 12-digit identity number is randomly generated.In a country where billions of dollars in welfare get siphoned off by middlemen using fake identities, the programme will "stem leakage and fraud
The project will examine hair, bone and other material from a collection amassed by a Swiss biologist - and will invite submissions from elsewhere.The researchers will apply a systematic approach and employ the latest advances in genetic testing, aiming to publish in peer-reviewed scientific journals.
Cardiff-based SA Brain bought the chain Coffee #1 last year.
The British Army Book Prize 2010 was an award given by the British Army for the best book on the death of Lt Colonel Rupert Thorneloe in 2009.
Kirklees Council has scrapped plans to replace paid staff at seven sites in Huddersfield with volunteers.
London Luton Airport Ltd (LLAL) is in talks with planners about increasing passenger numbers from its current annual 11.5 million.It already has plans, revealed in January, to increase footfall to 18 million passengers a year.
"He said did you go to college? I said: 'No'. He said: "Do you have any problems with your body language? Do you feel that sometimes when you're talking with people that you might mispronounce a word or you don't have the right word for the explanation?'
HMS Coventry sank in just 20 minutes, taking with it many documents and equipment which were of "importance to the security of the United Kingdom", said Clive Gale.He was part of a 39-strong Royal Navy team which carried out a number of dives on sunken ships.
Cumbernauld has the dubious distinction of winning the Plook on the Plinth title for having Scotland's "most dismal" town centre in 2001 and 2005.Judges have compared it to Kabul and described its shopping centre as a rabbit warren on stilts.Now an online poll has seen it top a public vote for civic pride.
A woman has been waiting for four months for her money to be paid back from a cashback website, and she is not happy about it. A woman is waiting for her cashback money to come back to her after she ordered a platter online, and took it out of the bubble wrap excitedly.She bought that item, and some more china, toiletries and a bike, on a cash back website so she is expecting about £14.But Ms Sen might have to be patient. It will take up to four months to get her money back.A woman has had to wait four months before she
Nepalese cricketer and sporting icon Sharad Bheswakar is not actually a Nepali.He was born and raised in Nepal and plays for the national team. He has an Indian father and a Nepali mother, so getting citizenship should not be a problem according to the law of the land.But his efforts to acquire Nepalee citizenship so far have been futile. He has been trying for the last eight years to get a citizenship certificate. It's really frustrating at times," he says.A few years ago, he was given a travel document as a special concession so he could play in
After the problems last week, many doubt the system will cope.Transport for London (TfL) remains confident, although it admits there will be breakdowns.The trick will be in getting the system back up and running quickly.So here's some friendly advice for tourists and Olympic visitors to try and make the transport experience as easy as possible.If anyone thinks of any more please post below.
A separate, unpublished police report has said disproportionate numbers of minority officers in some forces end up in the disciplinary system. It says officers who file complaints are labelled as "troublemakers" and pressured to leave the force.
Hull FC sign England Knights winger Joe Arundel. Hull FC have signed England Knights wing and Hull FC academy graduate Joseph Aruldel on a two-year contract.
Newark and Sherwood District Council plan to restore Newark's Magnus buildings into a museum about the 17th Century war.
India's GDP grows by 5.3% in first quarter. India's gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 5% in the first quarter compared with a year earlier, data shows.
The fountain on Parkway in the town was built to celebrate the Queen's accession to the throne in 1952.It is supplied by an underground tank, but had to be switched off after the water level dropped.
It is believed to be the first alleged breach of the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures (TPim).
Ghana's air safety record has been poor in recent years, says the BBC's West Africa correspondent.
A two-hour walkout on Friday by the examiners will be followed by a week of short strikes in the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA).
Microsoft has announced the launch of its Xbox SmartGlass, a new device that allows users to control games on the touchscreen devices and can show extra information about progress.It also lets the handhelds act as controllers for the firm's Internet Explorer web browser, which will launch on the console later this year.
A statue of the women chainmakers who led a 100-year-old strike in the Black Country has been unveiled in a park. The statue was unveiled on Friday morning in Mary Macarthur park, named after the trade unionist who led the women's strike 102 years ago.
Lutalo Muhammad: GB Taekwondo reject world number one selection for London Olympics. The British Olympic Association (BOA) have rejected the Olympic Qualification Standards panel's nomination of world number two Lutallo Muhammad for the London Olympics, but say they might revisit the matter should the international federation's investigation bring new issues to the fore.The British Olympic Committee's decision to leave out the world number 1 has been criticised by the BOA and the British Olympic Athletes' Association (BAA). The World Taekwon-Do Federation (WTAF) has rejected the selection of British world number
Shane Williams signs for Mitsubishi Dynaboars in Japan. Shane Williams has signed for the Japanese side in Division Two of the Japanese League on a one-year deal.
The government said the survey contradicted its own research which showed satisfaction rates remained high.The survey formed part of the wider British Social Attitudes Survey, which covers a whole host of policy areas.
A French diplomat has been detained in India after his wife alleged he sexually abused their three-year-old daughter.The wife of the envoy has written to the French ambassador in India and the Indian government, to prevent her husband from leaving the country until all legal proceedings are complete.She has also asked the French Embassy for financial support for herself and her three children, who are French citizens.Police say they are trying to confirm if the man has diplomatic immunity.
The Bank of England is letting commercial banks borrow funds from it cheaply, so that they can pass this on in the form of cheap loans to firms. The UK's commercial banks are now able to borrow more money, and more cheaply than at present, thanks to the introduction of the Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS). The government has announced that it will be allowing commercial banks to borrow money from it more cheaply, as part of a scheme to boost lending and borrowing. The Government has announced it will allow commercial banks access to cheap funds from the Bank, so they can lend more money to businesses. The Bank
Jimmy Carlson, 64, from Islington, north London, has been appointed OBE for helping to improve services.
Toronto police said the stage collapsed at 16:00 local time (20:00)Police said the person who died was a man in his 30s, but did not reveal his identityThe victims were all part of a team involved with setting up the stage, officials saidThe collapse happened an hour before the gates were due to open for the concert, with queues already beginning to form outsideUK rock band Radiohead tweeted that the performance had been cancelled due to "unforeseen circumstances"Emergency crews went to the scene and the area was evacuatedAlexandra Halbert, who was working in a beer tent at the show, said she was about
Greece's exit from the euro will be "short and easy", the German finance minister has said. "Greece's path will be neither short nor easy," he said.He is now meeting President Carolos Papoulias.
But it wasn't just the panel that felt his frustration - the sign broke and cut the leg of a line judge.
The Beatles were supported at the Grosvenor in Norwich by Ricky Lee and the Hucklebucks.
China's imports from Iran surge as US threatens sanctions. China imports almost 524,000 barrels per day, a 35% jump from the previous month, according to official figures.
The Shoreham footbridge, which will link the two sections of the town over the River Adur estuary, will cost.
Paul Chambers, 27, from Doncaster, who now lives in Northern Ireland, was convicted in May 2011 of sending a "menacing electronic communication".He claimed it was a joke and wants his conviction and sentence quashed.Mr Chambers said he had sent the tweet, which contained swear words, to his 600 followers in a moment of frustration after Robin Hood Airport in South Yorkshire.
Fracking, or hydraulic fracturing, involves drilling down into shale formations and fracturing the rock using explosives or hydraulic pressure.Water is pumped in containing sand particles that prop open the cracks in the shale, allowing the gas out, and a tiny amount of chemicals.In the US, concerns have been raised that the gas or the chemicals can enter drinking water supplies.However, the report concludes that gas contamination should not be a problem - the risk is "very low" - provided that fracking takes place at a depth of many hundreds of metres, a long way below the level of aquifers, and that the wells are properly constructed
Gerry Anderson, who created the marionette puppet series Joe 90 and Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons, said being told he was no longer able to drive "was the bitterest blow of all". Gerry Anderson has spoken about his battle with Alzheimer's disease for the first time.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft lands in Inner Mongolia. A Chinese spacecraft carrying three astronauts has landed safely in the country's Inner Mongolia region after a successful manual docking with the Tiangong-1 space station module. The Shenzhou 9 spacecraft has landed in China's Siziwang county, with the capsule deploying a parachute to slow its approach. The mission is a key step towards China's goal of building a space station by 2020.The mission is the first manned automatic and manual dockings, and the first crew to live aboard a permanently orbiting module.The Chinese government hailed the mission as a "complete success
Doncaster-based L/Bdr Parkinson has had thousands of requests on Facebook.But the site limits friend associations to 5,000 per personal page and he cannot accept all the requests.Flanked by hundreds of people, he walked for nearly half an hour with the.
The projection from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) shows a far-reaching shift in the balance of graduate numbers, with the rising Asian economies accelerating ahead of the United States and western Europe.The forecasts for the shape of the "global talent pool" in 2020 show China as rapidly expanding its graduate numbers - set to account for 29% of the world's graduates aged between 25 and 34.
Poland and Ukraine co-host Euro 2012. Poland's football federation president Andrzej Pohorecki says Euro 2012 has been a big success and that the next European Championship could be spread across various cities in Europe. Poland, Ukraine and France have co- hosted the European Championship for the first time, Uefa's football governing body has said.
Spain's unemployment rate falls in June. The number of people filing for unemployment benefits in Spain fell by 98,853 in June, according to official figures.
Marussia F1 driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after a crash at a test track in Cambridgeshire.The Spaniard was hurt when the MR-01 race car she was driving hit a support truck at Duxford airfield in Cambridge on Tuesday. Marussia Formula One driver Maria De Villota is in a critical but stable condition after she suffered serious head and facial injuries in a crash during testing at a testing track in Cambridge. The Spaniard had been driving at up to 200mph during testing, but the car was travelling considerably slower at the time of the crash.
The UK Border Agency is now working through a group of potential over-stayers to identify those who have not left, according to a damning report from the Home Office's own immigration inspector.The Home Office inspector has concluded that the government is giving a very low priority to finding and removing people who have been refused permission to stay.
The Nuclear Accident Independent Investigation Commission's report concludes that the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident was the result of collusion between the government, the regulators and [private plant operator] Tepco, and the lack of governance by said parties. They effectively betrayed the nation's right to be safe from nuclear accidents. Therefore, we conclude that the accident was clearly "manmade"...We believe that the root causes were the organizational and regulatory systems... rather than issues relating to the competency of any specific individual.[All parties] failed to correctly develop the most basic safety requirements - such as assessing the probability of damage, preparing
A police source told BBC Radio WM a passenger was seen pouring a liquid into a box, which then started smoking.Police said a report of vapour escaping from a bag which led to the security alert was caused by "a health improvement aid for smokers".The motorway was closed between junctions T3 and T4 near Lichfield before police said they were no longer treating the incident as suspicious, but it has now reopened.About four hours after armed officers arrived, police confirmed the scene as safe.The passengers have been allowed to continue their journey to London, although some have chosen to return north, to Manchester.
Belize: Key dates in the history of Belize. Belize was the United Kingdom's last colony on the American mainland and still maintains strong ties with Britain. Prime Minister Dean Barrow was re-elected for an unprecedented third five-year term in office in Belize in November 2015.
South African President Jacob Zuma has accused a cartoonist of insulting him and his family.The cartoon, by prominent artist Jonathan Shapiro, known as Zapiro, also features a poem, which refers to Mr Zuma as a "dick".Mr Zuma is set to face Zapiro in court in October over a different cartoon.The president sued the cartoonist, who works for the Mail & Guardian newspaper, after he depicted him in 2008 about to rape a female figure representing justice.
Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards says he would like the band to continue for as long as possible, saying: "There might be life in the old dog yet - we'll die gracefully, elegantly wasted."
Check out more great Match of the Day Kickabout stuff on their website
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has arrived in Egypt to reaffirm the strong support of the United States for the Egyptian people and their democratic transition.She also praised Egypt's military council for its interim leadership.Mrs Clinton said she would meet the head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (Scaf), Field Marshal Mohammed Hussein Tantawi, on Sunday.The hour-long meeting between President Mursi and Mrs Clinton was described by a US official as candid and cordial.
He is currently serving his seventh term. He served in the US House of Representatives from 1993 to 2005, when George Bush Jr appointed him US Trade Representative.In 2006, Mr Bush appointed him director of the Office of Management and Budget, a role in which he helped formulate White House budget and tax policy. He left that job in 2007.In 2010 he was elected to the Senate, succeeding Republican George Voinovich.He is also a staunch conservative from a state that both parties consider to be up for grabs in the coming election.In selecting him, Mr Romney would hope to pick up votes from the crucial battleground state
Duchenne muscular dystrophy affects around 120 families in Wales but the only UK centres are in England.
The Dark Knight Rises has been hailed as a "superhero romp" by critics.The film, released in the UK on 20 July, is the final instalment in British director Christopher Nolan's trilogy, starring Christian Bale.The Telegraph said "a breathless, bravura final act" brings the story to.
A senior factory official died and more than 85 were injured, including two Japanese nationals, in the riot at the Manesar plant on Wednesday evening.
Beth Tweddle: British gymnast takes bronze in uneven bars final. British gymnastics star Beth tweddle takes bronze after a decade pursuing an elusive Olympic medal.
Mark Cavendish: Great Britain team-mates fail to reel in late breakaway in London 2012 road race. Team GB were a victim of their own success, says Mark 'The Manx Missile' Cavendish after finishing 29th in the London 2012 Olympic Road Race. Mark 'Cavendish is the second best sprinter in the world but he and his German team sat back."The British team did everything they could, other riders did not contribute to the race and they missed out too. The four guys who ran all day couldn't do it."I can be proud of how the lads rode today. I
Rio 2012: Mexico 2-1 Brazil. Mexico beat Brazil to win Olympic gold for the first time with a dramatic extra-time goal from Oribe Peralta, while Brazil pulled a goal back through Hulk in injury-time.
Britain's Daniel Talbot and Adam Gemili fail to complete final handover. Britain's team finish second in the men's 100 metres final at the London 2012 Olympic Games. The team finished second but the handover was not completed in time.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees, who starred in the BBC drama series Poldark, has died at the age of 82.The Welsh actress, who was born in Cardiff, was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2009 and had been in hospital since then.She is survived by her husband, and her son Rhys, 35.Her family released a statement saying they were "deeply saddened" to announce her death."She will be greatly missed by her friends and family."Poldark was a landmark series which everyone remembers so well."Before the TV series which made her name, Rees had appeared in the
Sebastian Vettel and Jenson Button are the only drivers to win three times so far this season, with Fernando Alonso the only man to do so so far in the season.Media playback is not supported on this device The only consolation for Hamilton on the occasion of his 100th grand prix was that the McLaren showed encouraging pace following a major performance upgrade.Lewis Hamilton retired with gearbox damage after running well down the field following an early puncture. But he will not incur any penalty for a gearbox change because of his retirement.
Sir Chris Hoy voted as the flag bearer for Team GB at London 2012. Chris Hoy is the first cyclist to have the honour of carrying the British flag at an opening ceremony at the London 2012 Olympics. Sir Christopher Hoy has been voted as Britain's flag bearer at the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games in London.
Batman star Christian Bale visits victims of the Colorado cinema shootings. Christian Bale visited victims at the Medical Center of Aurora in the afternoon, the hospital's president confirmed.It was good for the patients, and all the staff really appreciated him coming.
Geoffrey Hughes died "peacefully in his sleep" on Friday night.
Peru's President Ollanta Humala says he aims to cut poverty to 15% by the end of his term in 2016.
Citizen Kane (Hitchcock, 1958)2. Taxi Driver (Scorsese, 1976)6. The Godfather (Coppola, 1972)7=  Vertigo ( Hitchcock, 1958). The Searchers (Ford, 1956)8. Man with a Movie Camera (Dziga Vertov, 1929)9. The Passion of Joan of Arc (Dreyer, 1927)10. La Regle du Jeu (Renoir, 1939)1. The Third Man (The Rules of the Game)2=  2001: A Space Odyssey (Kubrick, 1968)3. Citizen Kane
Team GB's Bradley Wiggins has become the most decorated Olympian in British history after winning the cycling time trial and rowing gold. Team GB cyclist Bradley Wiggins is the first British man to win an Olympic gold medal in rowing and the first to win a gold medal for cycling at the London Olympics.Team GB cyclist Wiggins has been named the winner of the Olympic time trial after winning gold in the men's time trial, rowing, and the women's pairs.Team GB's Michael Jamieson later took the silver in the 200m breaststroke, while Bradley Glover took the bronze medal in the rowing event. Team
London Mayor Boris Johnson has survived his first zip wire experience at the London 2012 Olympics.He was trying out a 45m (150ft) high zip wire at Victoria Park, where the Games are being shown on big screens.As onlookers snapped photos, he joked: "This is great fun but it needs to go faster."Highwire act Boris defies political gravityLee Medcalf, who was at the event, said: "When Boris came down the zip wire, it was very James Bond-esque with him shouting 'Team GB'."However, he seemed to lose momentum and was left hanging there like an odd
Moslemuddin Sarkar, 52, arrived back in Dhaka on Tuesday, a day after being freed from a Pakistani jail with the help of the Red Cross. A dockworker at the port of Chittagong, Mr Sarkar says he illegally crossed the border to India in 1989 in search of better opportunities, without telling his family. He says he was beaten and tortured in his subsequent 15 years in prison.
Communities across Wales were hit by Sunday's deluge and North Wales Fire and Rescue.
Winterbourne View Hospital: Serious case review. A serious case review into the care of people with learning disabilities at a private hospital has found it was "wholly unacceptable" that abuse was allowed to take place.The independent report also revealed concerns were raised before the abuse was uncovered in a secretly-filmed investigation by the BBC's Panorama programme.The safety of dozens of patients was raised but the NHS was only informed about a handful of cases.
David Mansfield says the school's success is down to putting extra money into sports, for example, the school employs a professional hockey coach. He describes funding as "the bottom line" and says there is a "straight-line correlation between outcomes and incomes"."If schools are not on the front foot to identify talent then we're going to see a real fall away from the fantastic job that has been done (in the past)," he says.
The US argues that producing much of its own fuel, rather than importing it, is good for the country.The latest forecasts from the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) suggest that this year's corn yield.
Olympic 2012: BBC Sport examines the success of each sport against their target. BBC Sport looks at the performance of each of Great Britain's sporting teams at the London 2012 Olympics.
Media playback is not supported on this deviceFifteen of the 12 British Olympians who won more than one medal at London 2012 were younger than 26.
Uganda's government website has been taken over by hackers, it has been reported.In one, the prime minister apologises to all homosexuals living in Uganda.
Ben Ainslie focuses on making a challenge for the America's Cup in 2013. Britain's Olympic gold medal-winning sailor Ben Ainslie will sail a catamaran under his BAR banner, with JP Morgan announced as the main sponsor for the team.
Royal Mail has painted more than 50 postboxes gold following Team GB's gold medal haul at London 2012.Henley-on-Thames was one of the first towns in the country to have the boxes painted.The town is home to the prestigious Leander Club, which has trained more than 100 Olympic medal-winning rowers.Prime Minister David Cameron previously said the plan was a "very good idea".Royal Mail spokesman Simon Fellman said: "We're delighted to do it and we're pleased so many people are delighted about it."Originally it said it was only painting them in "winners' home towns, or
County Londonderry man Smyth is continuing his preparations for the Paralympics in London where he will defend his T13 100m and 200m titles.
The Burmese government has declared a state of emergency in Rakhine state to allow the military to take over administrative control of the region.The violence in the state began in late May when a Buddhist woman was raped and murdered by three Muslims. A mob later killed 10 Muslims in retaliation, though they were unconnected with the earlier incident.Sectarian clashes spread across the state, with houses of both Buddhists and Muslims being burnt down.
Cardiff again replied through Heidar Helguson only for debutant Sam Baldock to finally put the result beyond doubt with three minutes remainingBristol City's final two goals epitomised the difference between the two sides as they broke with pace and purpose to rip open Cardiff's defenceBut the opener was a complete gift as Aron Gunnarsson's misplaced pass deep in his own half exposed the Cardiff defenceAdomah penetrated before his cut-back found Pearson, who arced the ball
The government backs a report by think tank Policy Exchange which said selling high value homes when they become vacant would raise £4.5bn a year. That would be enough to build 80,000 to 170,000 social homes, the report said.
Britain will have the fastest broadband network in Europe by 2016, the UK's communications secretary Jeremy Hunt has said.He said the government had begun looking at the ways it will allocate part of a £300m slice of the television licence fee to provide high-speed broadband to a greater number than the existing target.
Rosie O'Donnell has revealed she suffered a heart attack last week.The 50 year-old said she was "lucky to be here" after falling ill at home and looking up her symptoms online.O'Donnell wrote on her blog that she searched "women's heart attack symptoms", which included sudden nausea and aches, before taking a few aspirin.
The Buglife conservation charity says the recent period of damp weather has seen the numbers of bees, wasps, moths and butterflies shrink in 2012.
The richest 20% of the population on average earn 20 times more than the poorest 20%.
Ethiopia's Meles Zenawi, the one African leader who was impossible to ignore, has died at the age of 82. He was the outsider whose genius led to the overthrow of an entrenched and deeply loathed dictatorship.His message of social justice and modernisation resonated with many in the homeland, especially the marginalised "lowlanders" in Oromia and Ogadenia.His concept of revolutionary democracy and ethnic federalism promised to create a fairer and inclusive order.But his record has, at best, been patchy and rather uninspiring.He orchestrated a discreet purge of the ruling Ethiopian People's
Aberdeen City Council votes to scrap City Garden Project. Aldermen in Aberdeen have voted to scrap plans to transform the city's historic Union Terrace Gardens into a "garden project".Aberdeen City Council has voted against a controversial plan to scrap the City Garden project.The vote focused on the proposed £140m plan - backed by £50m from businessman Sir Ian Wood - to transform a historic site.In a referendum earlier this year, there were 45,301 votes in favour with 41,175 votes against.The amendment was an "almighty fudge".Conservative Alan Donnelly said the amendment was
US experts found B3, also known as nicotinamide, boosts the ability of immune cells to kill Staphylococcus bacteria.
Indian boxer Mary Kom to star in Bollywood film on her life. Bollywood filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali has announced plans to make a biopic on the life of Indian boxer-turned-politician Mary Kom, who is facing a ban on Bollywood films.The five-time world champion is from the remote northeast state of Manipur.Bhansali, who has been planning the film for a year, described the boxer as an "inspiration to every Indian woman".
Daniel Craig is "the best actor to play Bond", Sir Ian Fleming has said.The 84-year-old, who played the British spy in seven films between 1973 and 1985, praised Craig's performances in his new book, Bond on Bond. Daniel Craig's third Bond film, Skyfall, is due for release in the UK on 26 October.
It was poured onto the front archway of the hall in Clifton Street
Gujarat riots: Maya Kodnani convicted of murder, attempted murder and conspiracy. A former Gujarat minister and aide to India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been jailed for life for her role in the 2002 riots in the state. A woman has been sentenced to life in jail for her part in the Gujarat riots that left more than 1,000 people dead.
Curvy glassware makes pacing yourself a much greater challenge Dr Angela Attwood, University of Bristol
Neil Taylor was injured after falling awkwardly in the first half at the Liberty Stadium
The Times Educational Supplement says measures to guard against grade inflation were not appropriate for this year's English exams.Teaching unions have accused Ofqual of "regulatory failure" and say it is more evidence of flawed exam marking.
This is not some short-lived phenomenon - this is an ongoing trend. You lose more and more ice and it is accelerating - you can just look at the graphs, the observations, and you can see what's happening."I interviewed Dr Hansen while the Lance was docked at Norway's Arctic research station at Ny-Alesund on Svalbard.
The robot sucked the air into its big Sample Analysis at Mars (Sam) instrument to reveal the concentration of different gases.The Sam analysis is ongoing but no major surprises are expected at this stage - carbon dioxide will dominate.CO2 is the chief component of the Martian air, as found by the Viking probes in the 1970s and the Phoenix lander in 2008.Of keener interest will be whether a signal for methane has been detected by Curiosity.The gas has recently been observed by satellite and by Earth telescopes, and its presence on the Red Planet is intriguing.Methane should be short-lived and its persistence
Coldplay their 2008 single at 14:00 BST in a nationwide musical momentThe Bandstand Marathon was the official finale event of the London 2012 FestivalThe 12-week festival was the climax of the Cultural Olympiad - a programme of arts events that has been running since 2008
"He made him stand like a chicken. If he fell down, after five minutes my boy said he made him do another five minutes."The stress position her son was forced to adopt is a torture tactic used in war zones.
Paralympic and Olympic Games in London 2012: The final ceremony of the London 2012 Paralympics on Sunday night. The London 2012 Games, seven years in the making and more than a month in the doing, had finally ended.
India's Paralympian Girisha Hosanagara Nagarajegowda won a silver medal in Men's High Jump F42 class for athletes with an impairment that affects their arms or legs. But now questions are being raised at the country's ability to translate the congratulatory tone into awareness of disabled rights.India is not known for being friendly towards the disabled and most public places still lack basic facilities to help them in everyday life.The country had a lone shining moment with Girisha's feat as medals have generally eluded India’s Paralympians.And deservedly the nation cherished Girisha’
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Gibraltar is aiming to spill the content of the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia into the real world
The inquest into the Hillsborough disaster was held at Sheffield Hallam Crown Court in Sheffield.The inquests were told Mr Duckenfield and Supt Bernard Murray discussed delaying the kick off to allow fans to enter but decided against it.At 14.45 CCTV footage showed there were thousands of people pressing into the turnstiles and alongside a large exit gate, called Gate C.The funnel-shaped nature of the area meant that the congestion was hard to escape for those at the front.The turnstile became difficult to operate and people were starting to be crushed.At 15.06 Supt Roger Greenwood ran on to the
The city council said rust from the locks, which hang off chains, is harming the fabric of the bridge.
Ashley Sibery, 39, persuaded Sital Sibery to take the class A drug minutes after she confronted him about his drug habit in their home.It happened on 2 April 2012 at their London Street property.
Hearing partially improved when nerves in the ear, which pass sounds into the brain, were rebuilt in gerbils - a UK study in the journal Nature reports.The researchers used stem cells from a human embryo, which are capable of becoming any other type of cell in the human body from nerve to skin, muscle to kidney.A chemical soup was added to the stem cells that converted them into cells similar to the spiral ganglion neurons. These were then delicately injected into the inner ears of 18 deaf gerbls.Over 10 weeks the gerbbles' hearing improved. On average 45% of their hearing range was
Bradford's membership was suspended in June when they entered administrationRFL director Blake Solly said: "The board's decision closes the door on much of the uncertainty that has surrounded the Bulls in recent months."The club's new owners have co-operated fully with the RFL throughout this necessarily extensive process and we look forward to working with Mr Khan and Mr Sutcliffe in the months and years ahead."The decision to grant membership is an important step that will help the board to determine which competition Bradford Bulls will compete in from 2013."No decision has yet been reached on what division the Bulls will
Hillsborough disaster: South Yorkshire police apologise. South Yorkshire Police have apologised for the way they handled the Hillsborough stadium disaster 23 years ago.
The poverty rate was 15% in 2011, meaning 46.2 million Americans were in poverty, staying flat after three previous years of increases.
Cuba: Key dates in its history. Cuba is one of the world's worst countries from the viewpoint of journalistsâ€¦ independent journalists and bloggers are constantly persecuted by the Castro government. Cuba has been a one-party state led by Fidel Castro and - since February 2008 - by his chosen successor and younger brother, Raul.
Flint Community Hospital could be closed under plans by Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board (BCUHB) to reorganise its services in north Wales.
Almost 80,000 passengers and crew have sailed into Belfast this year on 43 different tourist ships.
Charlie Hebdo cartoons: French embassies, consulates, cultural centres and schools in 20 countries closed. French embassies and cultural centres in some 20 countries will be closed for the next few days as a precaution over the publication of cartoons by the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, the French foreign ministry has said. The French government has ordered special security measures in all the countries where this [publication] could pose a problem.
Scotwest serves around 30,000 people and its asset base has grown by 400% since Mr Ashley took over in 1996Mr Ashley, who sits on the council and audit committee of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland, said he was excited by the prospect of leading Britain's only independent savings bank "to a new future".He added: "Scotwest provides a community-based financial service to those working or living in the West of Scotland."Mr Ashley joins the bank just 12 months after it opened its first branch outside its Lanarkshire heartland.The bank said it was continuing to evaluate the success of Falkirk with
Exposureposure to radon gas can increase the chances of contracting lung cancer for people who smoke.Dr Susan Turnbull, medical officer of health for Jersey, said: "To help put the main r.
The man was stopped at Turin Airport wearing a pilot's uniform and using forged ID cards, police said.He was charged with endangering air transport security and impersonation.
The scandal was revealed when Mr Woodford, the British chief executive, was dismissed from his post after he challenged Mr Kikukawa and the board over suspiciously large payments related to acquisitions.An investigation was launched that revealed a cover-up of losses.
A train travelling south from Aberdeen to Edinburgh suffered minor damage when it hit some fallen branches and a bus was hit in Aberdeen.
Carnival Carnival said it had managed to generate more money from its cruise passengers.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a private nursing home in County Antrim.
Former News of the World editor Rebekah Brooks and her husband Charlie appeared before the Old Bailey in London on Wednesday accused of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.Former News International chief executive Andy Coulson was also at the court, charged with conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications.
Plymouth's Grace Graddon has quit diving after failing to qualify for the London Olympics.Graddon, who won a bronze medal at the 2009 European Diving Championship in Turin, cites 2008 as the best year of her career as a diver.She said: "I'd come back from injury and illness and that year I was British champion and qualified for the Olympic place for Great Britain, although I didn't make Beijing."I knew I probably wouldn't make Rio, so it was horrible and the worst feeling not getting what I wanted, but that's sport."Not making Beijing was sad and I was gutted not to make
President Mikheil Saakashvili has been sworn in as the new president of Georgia.He was sworn in in the Georgian capital Tbilisi on Tuesday, after a ceremony attended by hundreds of thousands of supporters.He is the first Georgian president to be sworn in since the end of the Soviet Union in 1991, when Georgia was still part of the former Soviet Union.The new president is a former Georgian military officer, who was appointed justice minister in October 2000 by the then President, Eduard Shevardnadze.But he resigned the following year, saying he considered it immoral to remain a member of a
He is ready for the interview but before we begin filming there is much to see.Laid out on an impressive dining table, he has placed an array of memorabilia from the Home Rule crisis.There are antiquarian books signed by his political hero, Sir Edward Carson. There are rare cartoons from the period and framed portraits. There is also an original scrap book that details the drama and intrigue of the 1914 loyalist gun-running.Then there are the weapons - two swords - one that belonged to Fred Crawford who organised the gun running and beside it sits a dummy wooden rifle that was once carried by one of Carson
Spain said in July that it would request eurozone support for its banks.The Spanish banking sector has been in difficulty since the global financial crisis of 2008, and the subsequent bursting of the country's property bubble and deep recession.Spain has already made 100bn euros available from its rescue funds to plug this hole, although many investors suspect that the banks' needs may (eventually) exceed even this total.
Mobile operators, Culture Secretary Maria Miller and communications regulator Ofcom will discuss bringing forward the allocation of spectrum to allow faster mobile download speeds.Ofcom has told the government that the process could be accelerated to launch 4G networks in many places by May or June.It had been thought that it would take until the end of the year.The UK's fourth biggest network  - Three - is set to take over part of EE's 4G spectrum, but is not due to do so until September 2013.
If you're not at work catching up when you think the boss isn't looking, you're quite likely to be on the sofa in front of the television.According to research by Nielsen 88% of US tablet owners use them while watching TV at least once a month, with 45% using them several times […].
US judge lifts ban on sales of Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1. A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Tab tablet in the US.
City council leader Simon Cook will tell a conference an arena on the site of the old diesel depot site is a crucial part of the zone.He stressed although it was early days potential operators believe its size would attract many good quality shows.
Kevin Pietersen is to undergo a "re-integration" period before his expected return to action.The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) insisted he also had to retire from International Twenty20 cricket, too, in accordance with their rules.But he then made outspoken comments at a news conference suggesting the final Test at Lord's could well be his last for England.Pietersen was also understood to be angry at a Twitter parody account that mocked him, especially as some members of the squad followed and engaged with it.Media playback is not supported on this device
Ed Miliband kisses Barbara Jones, but can't please all the people all the time. This afternoon, the Labour leader returned to the stage - in shirt sleeves this time - to face questions from his audience.
Chris Gayle and Kieran Pollard help West Indies reach Champions Trophy final. West Indies celebrate their first global final since 2004, when they beat England at The Oval to win the Champions TrophyChris Gayle celebrates his century as West Indies beat Australia by 74 runs to reach the final of the ICC Champions Trophy in Sri Lanka.West Indies will play Sri Lanka in the final in Colombo on Sunday.The Windies will face a severe test against Sri Lanka, who, in Lasith Malinga and Ajantha Mendis, have two of the most successful bowlers at the tournament, and will be cheered on
The Muslim Brotherhood's political wing, the Islamic Action Front, called for broader political representation and a more democratic parliament.A counter-rally, in support of King Abdullah, which organisers had predicted would attract 200,000 supporters, was cancelled late on Thursday in order to prevent clashes between the two groups.Earlier, police said they had detained eight people travelling towards the rally and had seized three vehicles containing sticks, knives and guns.The IAF's leader, Hamza Mansour, dismissed the legislation as "just a cosmetic change meant to buy time and insufficient for real reforms".Opposition parties demanded that 50% of
A protest march has been held in support of wind farms at Gayton le Marsh and Theddlethorpe in Lincolnshire.The developers say wind turbines contribute to renewable energy targets and help combat climate change.But campaigner Melvin Grosvenor, who is working with NOWAG, questioned how efficiently the turbines would generate energy."It's a huge price for Lincolnshire to pay to host a suspect technology, but at what cost to the landscape?"
Linda Norgrove, from Lewis in the Outer Hebrides, had been working in the country when she was kidnapped.
Speaker Peter Slipper has resigned as Speaker of the Australian Parliament.Mr Slipper is accused of sexual harassment by a former staff member.
Swat schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai shot in the head. A Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot dead in the Swat Valley of Pakistan's Swat region as she was on her way home from school in Mingora, the region's main town. A teenage girl who has been campaigning for girls' education in Pakistan's Taliban-controlled Swat valley has been killed in a gun attack.The girl, who is from Swat, was attacked by unidentified gunmen as she and other schoolgirls were about to board a van or bus.She was hit in the neck area by a second bullet, but is
Jimmy Savile was awarded the OBE in 1971, and received his knighthood from the Queen in 1996
Yum Brands reported a net profit of $471m (Â£294m) in the three months to 8 September.
People in 120 homes in Wisbech had been told to boil their water "until further notice" after supplies were contaminated.
Briton Katie Cave wins Ironman World Championship. Britain's Katie Cave celebrates after winning the women's half ironman world title at the Half Ironman world championship.
The five men are charged with conspiring with al-Qaeda, terrorism, and one count of murder for each known victim of the 11 September attacks at the time the charges were filed - 2,976 in total.They are accused of masterminding the attacks while the others are implicated for providing support for the co-ordinated hijacking.In May, a chaotic hearing in the case lasted 13 hours.During that hearing, which formally charged the five men, the defendants made defiant outbursts and refused to answer the judge's questions.
The UK Renewable Energy Roadmap says measures being introduced will "ensure that low-carbon electricity from a diverse range of sources... becomes a more attractive choice for investors, delivering long-term change while minimising cost to the consumer".
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against both the Football Association of Serbia and England's Football Association over the behaviour of players at the end of the game.
Kettering General Hospital could lose services, but this has been rejected by the Conservatives, Liberal Democrats and UKIP.
Eleven care workers are to be sentenced later for the maltreatment and neglect of five patients at Winterbourne View.But a BBC Inside Out West investigation has found evidence of alleged abuse involving different staff members.Police have agreed the assault on Ben Pullar was "not acceptable" but said they would not re-open the case.He lost two teeth when he was punched in the face.His family said they were given mixed messages about what happened and were told at one point he had "bitten the floor".Mr Pullar's twin, Tom, said his behaviour changed drastically after going to the hospital."He's burst out
Phoenix, 37, told Interview Magazine: "I don't want to be a part of it. I don't believe in it."The actor has been tipped for awards success The Master, in which he plays a war veteran.He was nominated for an Oscar for his role as music legend Johnny Cash in Walk The Line in 2005.Phoenix said he was dreading the upcoming Hollywood awards season which culminates with the Oscars in February 2013."It's a carrot, but it's the worst-tasting carrot I've ever tasted in my whole life.It's totally subjective.
The backdrop to Mitt Romney's first rally in Ohio today is an artful suggestion of stripped-down, industrial virtue, made in the USA. It is a deliberate contrast with what they say is President Barack Obama's "small vision for the future".Before he appears, a prominent Romney surrogate, Senator Rob Portman, urges everyone at the rally to vote as soon as it ends.If those committed enough to come to a rally have already voted, they can spend their time getting other people to the polls or persuading them to vote, he says.In this, if only this, Republicans agree with President Obama, who votes
Thanet District Council said it was considering a 2% rise in the authority's part of the council tax.
Rape Crisis (England and Wales) is a charity that offers support and advice to adult survivors of any form of childhood abuse. It can be contacted on 0800 085 3330 or visit the website.Survivors UK provides information, support and counselling for men who have been raped or sexually abused. The charity can also put you in touch with local rape crisis centres or other services for ongoing support.The NEXUS Institute works across Northern Ireland to respond to the needs of adults (over 16) who have experienced sexual abuse, rape or other forms of sexual violence. It provides a counselling service for those in need.
Hitachi is to buy Horizon Nuclear Power, which was intending to build reactors on existing sites at Wylfa, Anglesey, and Oldbury, near Bristol. It will support up to 12,000 jobs during construction and thousands more permanent highly skilled roles once the new power plants are operational.
Manchester Cancer Research Centre (MCRC) to open in 2014. The University of Manchester has announced the opening of a £35m cancer research centre in Manchester.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was shot dead at his home in Newtownabbey last week. A second man was arrested by police on Thursday morning and is being questioned about the murder at Antrim police station.
The footage shows gunmen beating and shooting a group of prisoners who were cowering on the floor.The video appears to show agitated rebels kicking and pushing the soldiers or pro-government militiamen, known locally as "shabiha", to the ground inside one of the seized buildings.
A feasibility study will examine how to alter Aberystwyth University's Old College.Plans include creating a "cultural quarter" based around the Old College, a postgraduate centre providing world-class teaching, learning and study spaces, an art gallery, and lecturing and performance facilities.
The "twisted light" approach relies on what is called light's orbital angular momentum, which has been put forth as an unexploited means to carry data.Now a number of researchers, including some formally commenting in New Journal of Physics, say the idea is misguided.Responding in the same journal, the approach's proponents insist the idea can in time massively boost data rates.That promise is an enticing one for telecommunications firms that are running out of "space" in the electromagnetic spectrum, which is increasingly crowded with allocations for communications.
Anders Behring Breivik is serving a minimum 21-year sentence for the bombings and shootings in Oslo and Utoeya island last July.
A new organisation calling itself the IRA has claimed responsibility for the murder of a prison officer in Northern Ireland.Colin Black, a 52-year-old father of two, was the first prison officer to be murdered in the province in almost 20 years.
The Higgs boson - the particle that holds together the weak nuclear force - has been observed to decay into two particles known as muons at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Geneva, Switzerland, for the first time.The Higgs is a particle known as a boson, which is a member of the Standard Model of particle physics. The decay of the Bs meson into two muons has been measured by the LHCb detector at the Geneva-based LHC in Switzerland, and is not consistent with many of the most likely models of supersymmetry.The decay is at a
Ethiopia is one of the poorest countries in the world, with an estimated third of the population earning less than $1 (63p) a day, but the country also has one of its fastest growing economies.Since 2004, its economy has been expanding by about 10% a year.The government expects growth to continue in double digits - but a report by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) suggests it will slow to 6.5% in 2013.Even the IMF predictions are impressive, however, considering the current global financial climate and the fact that unlike many other countries on the continent, Ethiopia does not have much in the way of
Workers spend on average 75 minutes a day travelling to and from work in London, compared nationally with 52.8 minutes.
Small businesses could be our Achilles heel when it comes to cyber-security. They may not think they have any data worth stealing but even the smallest company can be custodian to information that represents hard cash to criminal gangs:.
Cardiff South and Penarth by-election. A new Labour MP has won the Cardiff South seat in the Vale of Glamorgan in the 2015 General Election. The seat was created in 1983 and the party's representation of southern Cardiff in Parliament has been unbroken.
Indian schoolchildren are being taught that meat is not essential food, according to a book published by a leading Indian publisher.It is not known which Indian schools have bought the book for their students, but correspondents say what is worrying is that such a book is available to students.
Right to buy has also been suspended by a number of local authorities.
There was a time when by-elections were a speciality of the Liberal Democrats.They enjoyed a string of famous by-election victories, snatching seats in Newbury, Eastleigh and Dunfermline West.Of course all that was before they went into government.
Tel Aviv sirens sounded for a third consecutive day warning of an incoming rocket fired from Gaza.The Israeli military used its Iron Dome defence system to intercept and destroy the missile.A fifth battery had been added to it, just outside the city, only hours earlier.After the explosion, close to the coast, a small black cloud was left hanging in the sky over the sea.Tel Aviv is Israel's largest city and commercial centre but it is also a popular place to relax or party.However, despite the sunshine, outdoor restaurants, parks and pavements were much quieter over the weekend.It has taken a psychological adjustment
Wigan's Ben Watson will not need surgery after breaking his leg in an innocuous clash with Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) says the past decade in Europe has been the warmest on record.
The Office of Children's Commissioner study says there were 2,409 victims in the 14 months to October 2011 - but the true number is likely to be far higher.The report also identifies 16,500 children who were at "high risk of sexual exploitation" in 2010-11.David Cameron told the House of Commons the report was "extremely disturbing".
John Obi Mikel charged with misconduct by the Football Association. Chelsea midfielder John Mikel has been charged by the FA with misconduct after being accused of using racial language towards referee Mark Clattenburg in the Premier League match at Stamford Bridge last month.
The Department for Education (DfE) met the expense from its overall budget, says the National Audit Office report.The department was unprepared for the financial implications of rapid expansion, the authors say.
Researchers at the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine in Wake Forest, North Carolina, say they have developed a new type of cartilage made from a polymer coated with cartilage cells from a rabbit's ear.It could lead to bespoke cartilage created for individual patients. But one expert warned it was too early to be confident it would ever be used.The new material is more robust and hardwearing than previous efforts to create artificial cartilage.A traditional ink-jet printer combined with a specialised spinning-machine is used to make it.It allows the construction to be easily controlled, meaning scientists could make
Sattar Beheshti died after being held on charges of 'actions against national security on social networks'. A coroner's report has said the cause of death of Iranian blogger Sattari Behesti may be shock, not torture. The Iranian prosecutor's office says the main cause of his death could be physical shock. A Tehran coroner has said it is not possible to determine the exact cause of the death of a blogger who died in prison.
Boko Haram has claimed responsibility for a number of attacks against churches and other establishments since 2009.
Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council has removed three children from the care of a couple who are members of the UK Independence Party (UKIP).The children - who are European migrants - were removed by social workers who accused the unnamed couple of belonging to a "racist party".Council leader Roger Stone said it was launching an immediate investigation.The BBC understands that the three children are all under 10 and one is a baby.The education secretary said the "wrong decision" was made "in the wrong way for the wrong reasons".There's been an outbreak of agreement from the main parties on the principle that being a member of a
British swimming's performance director has resigned following a report into the country's disappointing Olympic campaign.The Australian's removal allows British swimming to begin the search for a new performance director as attention turns to the next Olympics in Rio in four years' time."I respect this conclusion from the performance review I initiated following our results in London," Scott said.
"I'm on Two and a Half Men and I don't want to be on it. It's, you know, people say it's just entertainment.
The US military is the last place where you are allowed to be discriminated against because of your gender.
Six Nations 2015: Australia 12-9 Wales. Kurtley Beale kicks three penalties to help the Wallabies to a dramatic win over Wales in Melbourne.
Kat Merchant and Emily Scarratt scored early tries for England before Rawina Everitt crossed for New Zealand.Further tries from Merchant and Roz Crowley put England 24-10 up before Selica Winiata crossed on.
England 38-21 New Zealand: What have the pundits got to say about England victory at Twickenham? England's biggest win over New Zealand was 13-0 in 1936, while the most points they had ever registered against the All Blacks was the 31 they scored at the same venue in 2002. It was a fantastic Test match played with great energy. It has been relentless and they gave everything, epitomised by man of the match Tom Wood. It was wave after wave of England, whether it was defence or attack. It's very easy to look back at the past but England's 31-28 win against
A sex offender has been given 72 hours to take down a Facebook page which he claims is a vehicle for others who may have criminal intent to gain information about where he lives and to stir up hatred against him.The man took the case after discovering that his photograph and threatening comments were posted on the page.Facebook complied with the order, but a similar page appeared within hours.The High Court judge who ordered the removal of the original page, Mr Justice McCloskey, held that the contents of the.
Huaxing Construction was fined $3m (Â£1.9m), the US Department of Justice said.The US has restricted nuclear-related exports to Pakistan since the country's detonation of a nuclear device in 1998.
The US Senate has failed to ratify a landmark UN treaty on the rights of people with disabilities.The 61-38 vote on the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities meant the treaty failed to reach the two-thirds majority needed.
Sexual violence campaigner Jill Saward, who was raped by two burglars who broke into her home in Ealing, London, in 1986, welcomed the proposals. "For too long, the impact that [sexual violence] has had on victims has been neglected in the whole justice process," she said.She added that victims often felt a sense of responsibility to other potential victims, and were relieved when their rapist was locked up for a long time, thereby preventing further attacks.
Sonepur, in Saran district, 35km (21 miles) north of the state capital, Patna.The devout also throw coins in the river as a mark of their devotion and reverence.As soon as a coin is thrown into the water, the hawk-eyed little boys throw their magnets in the same direction, much like the fishermen throwing their nets into the sea."I generally collect coins worth 150 rupees ($2.70; Â£1.70) a day and most of the time my family buys food with this money," said Rakesh Kumar, another coin collector.Rakesh's
Patrick Finucane's widow, Geraldine, has dismissed the report as a "sham" and a "whitewash".The review, published on Wednesday, found RUC officers proposed Mr Finucance, 39, be killed, said they passed information to his killers and failed to stop the attack.
Northern Ireland is Europe's top performing education system for primary maths.
Cardiff is adopting a Cardiff University professor's approach which he says has made the Welsh capital safer than similar sized UK citiesIt works by using information from victims to identify violence hotspots, such as in nightclubs and parksThe method has already been adopted by Western Cape in South Africa and Milwaukee in the USAThe man behind it, Professor Jonathan Shepherd of Cardiff University's School of Dentistry, said there was no reason it could not work anywhere in the worldOne of the most significant breakthroughs
Atheist Richard Dawkins has said Wales is "ahead of the rest of the UK" in showing a decline in religious belief.The Church in Wales said Christianity was "no longer the default setting" for many, but the picture was complex.Prof Dawkins dismissed the figures for people saying they were a Jedi knight or that heavy metal music was their religion as "a kind of protest" against the inclusion of a census question on religion.He said many of those who put themselves down at Christian did so because they thought of themselves "as a good person".
The film, the last work by Bolivian filmmaker Luis del Castillo, a photojournalist turned movie director, was censored as soon as it was released and remained unseen for 85 years.The film, filmed in 1927 after Jauregui and three others had spent 10 years in jail, captures the young man moments before his execution, smiling nervously at the camera.With officials and spectators gathered at the scene of the execution outside La Paz, the firing squad takes aim and shoots.Jauregui slumps and two priests approach to pray over his body. Punishment duly meted out, the huge crowd heads back
A cleft palate is a gap in the roof of the mouth leading to difficulties sucking adequately and trouble feeding.The condition can also lead to hearing and speech difficulties, and may indicate other problems with the heart or nervous system.Unlike a cleft lip, the palate is hard to identify in a scan during pregnancy.But figures published by the Royal College of Surgeons show there is a need for stronger guidelines.They come from the Crane Database, which is a national register of information on those born with cleft lips or palate in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.The Crane annual report says last year 28% of babies with
No 10 Downing Street has denied threats have been made to the editor of the Daily Telegraph.It is understood spokesman Craig Oliver phoned the Telegraph's editor after his paper wrote a story about Maria Miller's expense claims.He reportedly told him the story was poorly timed.Mr Oliver is alleged, by the Daily […].
Deputy Mark Dorey, a former Social Security minister and a current member of Treasury and Resources, was voted to replace Deputy Adam.
Adam Lanza, the 17-year-old gunman who killed 20 children and six adults at a US elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, on Wednesday, has been described as a "shy and withdrawn" boy who barely said a word during his time at school.Police officers have said he may have had a personality or developmental disorder, while one relative told ABC News he was "obviously not well".Lanza appears to have kept a low profile throughout his life. US media report that unusually, his high school yearbook of 2010 contained no photograph of him.Unlike the majority of his peers, Lanza apparently
Alastair Cook's England captain Michael Clarke praises captain's leadership. Michael Clarke has praised England's captain's performance in the second Test against India in Ahmedabad, saying he is one of the greatest batsmen in the world and has the "greatest admiration for him".
"We need to move beyond rhetoric. We need to sit down and have a common sense discussion and move in a reasonable way."
The seeds of the Forest project is the result of the efforts of a group of families in the Amazon region of Rio Trairao, Brazil, who are trying to extract oil from the andiroba tree to make a living off the forest.The seeds are being extracted from the trunk of the tree by a small group of settlers in the area, called the "Seeds of the forest", who are hoping to turn the oil into a sustainable source of income for themselves and their families.Dedel and his family, like many others living in this region, migrated from the drought-ridden north-east of Brazil
The recordings were made 110 years ago by the Wall family who lived in New Southgate in North London.There are 24 clear recordings on wax cylinders which were made using a phonograph machine between 1902 and 1917.Music curators say the sound quality of the music recorded is outstanding.The recordings were found at the former home of David Brown, Cromwell Wall's grandson, in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire and donated to St Neot's Museum.
Rangers International Football Club plc has raised a total of £22.2m through a share issue.
The Banking Standards Commission wants the government to "electrify" the fence so banks won't try to "game" the rules. That means regulators having the power to fully break up a bank if it does not follow the ring-fence proposals.
With the UK's climate changing, we've swung from droughts to floods, hot to cold.The impact has been felt far and wide, not least by the UK’s burgeoning wine industry.Nyetimber Vineyards in Hampshire and Sussex, Nyetimber grows the same variety of grapes that are found in the Champagne region in France.The company has been working to put English sparkling wine on the map, but this year it hasn't had much to celebrate.
The 50-year-old from Felstead in Essex rowed the Atlantic two years ago in the Woodvale Challenge.The 3,000-mile (4,800km) voyage took him 52 days - 10 of which were spent going backwards.Despite this, he set a new UK solo and race record.In January, Mr Pitcher plans to do it all again. This time, he has his sights set on the 40-day trans-Atlantic solo rowing world record.He will live aboard his rowing boat, the Soma of Essex. Made of carbon fibre, it is 6.5m
Kilcoo player is to be banned for six months and another for four months.
The final issue of Newsweek will be published on 20 December, with a black and white photo of the publication's Manhattan headquarters taking pride of place, with the strapline #lastprintissue.The nod to Twitter is regarded as a backhanded compliment.The death of the print edition was caused by falling advertising revenues, as audiences moved online.The move to a digital edition will allow Newsweek to cut costs such as printing, postage and distribution. However it will lose money from print advertisers, who traditionally pay more than their online counterparts.As the final edition went to the printers, The Daily Beast confirmed it would be making
Golden Dawn is one of the most right-wing parties in Europe
Egypt's new constitution has been approved by more than two-thirds of voters in the country's constitutional referendum.The new constitution was approved by the majority of the people who voted in the referendum on Sunday.However, the new constitution had some takers among the press as well, who hailed the referendum's results.And a section of the press showed no interest in the.
Dr Simon Wessely, head of the department of psychological medicine at the Institute of Psychiatry, King's College, London
Belgium's King Albert II warned against the dangers of populists seeking scapegoats for current economic difficulties in a televised address on Christmas Day. The king said that "in these troubled times we live in, we should remain vigilant and see through populist arguments".
French actor Gérard Depardieu says he has applied for a Russian passport after the government granted him Russian citizenship.The French actor said he had filed a passport application and was pleased that it had been accepted.In an open letter, he said he loved Russia, calling it "a great democracy".
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe delivers a letter to South Korean President-elect Park Geun-hye.
Child benefit will be withdrawn entirely if one parent earns above £60,000.The government hopes to save £1.5bn a year to help reduce the deficit.David Cameron described the move as "fundamentally fair" but Labour said it was a "huge assault" on families.
Northern Ireland's secretary of state, Karen Villiers, has called on all political parties in Northern Ireland to engage in dialogue to resolve disputes over flag and emblems.
Delhi gang-rape victim's father says he wants to reveal her real name. The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped in India's capital, New Delhi, has said he wants the name of the victim to be made public.The woman, 23, died last weekend in a hospital in Singapore from injuries suffered during last month's attack.India's Sunday People newspaper quoted the father as saying: "My daughter didn't do anything wrong, she died while protecting herself."I am proud of her. Revealing her name will give courage to other women who have survived these attacks. They will find strength
Lord Strathclyde, who has been the Tory leader in the Lords for 14 years, has announced his resignation.He will be replaced by education minister Lord Hill of Oareford, who was most recently in the news after Mr Cameron apparently missed his attempt to resign during a meeting in the most recent cabinet reshuffle.Lord Hill - the same age as his predecessor - faces a difficult job in which he will have to guide legislation through an Upper House where tensions have been on the rise.The coalition has suffered more than 50 defeats since 2010 and Lord Hill raised eyebrows in July when he accused veteran Labour peer Lord Barnett
"What I think is less persuasive is the case for some sort of legislation about renting and prices. The difficulty with that we think is it would tend to drive them (landlords) out of the market."
Rafael Benitez: Chelsea 2-2 Southampton. Chelsea's Demba Ba puts the Blues ahead with a deflected shot and Eden Hazard adds a second before the break, but Southampton's Jason Puncheon rescues an unlikely draw at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea are 13 points behind leaders Manchester United, with 16 games left in the Premier League season.
A 10ft (3m) scrub python was battling to retain its grip on the wing as a plane made its way between the Australian town of Cairns and Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea
Venezuela's President Hugo Rafael Chavez Frias is due to be sworn in for a fourth term on 10 January, but the Supreme Court has ruled that he could take the oath at a later date. Venezuela's president Hugo Maduro has said there is only one president and that he is the only one in charge of the country.President Chavez underwent a fourth operation on 11 December, and suffered post-operative complications.
The oil leak at Cormorant Alpha was discovered on Monday and non-essential crew were taken off the installation by helicopter
Afghan security forces have cleared the area of the NDSD compound in central Kabul, where the attack took place.At least six suicide attackers and an Afghan security guard were killed. At least 17 civilians were injured.A minibus was detonated but another bomb-laden car defused, police said.The main explosion took place around noon local time (07:30 GMT).A plume of smoke rose from the area, and gunfire and police sirens were then heard.One eyewitness, Mohammad Zia, told Associated Press that the vehicle with the bomb inside drove up to the gates of the barricaded NDS building
The BBC's chief economic and policy adviser Najma Rajah explained: "The basic premise is that when the BBC spends a pound, the impact of that pound is'multiplied'.
Last year was the worst since 1987, according to the harbour master.
The car was bought by Rick Champagne, a logistics company owner from Phoenix, Arizona.The 56-year-old, who was just 10 when the high-camp TV series began in 1966, said it "was a dream come true".The Batmobile design was based on a 1955 Lincoln Futura, a concept car built in Italy by the Ford Motor CompanyIt was the first time that car had come up for public sale since it was bought in 1965 by car-customiser George Barris for a nominal fee of $1.
The Royal College of Midwives (RCM) says there is a shortage of midwives and a fall in students and any future cuts will risk the quality of services.
Carbon permits are a mechanism designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, as companies have to pay to emit C02.
The Ministry of Defence has outlined a third round of 5,300 Army redundancies to be set out in June, as it tries to reduce the number of regulars from 102,000 to 82,000 by 2017.But campaigners said they created a "worrying" situation for Army families.Redundancy notices to those affected by this latest round will be issued on 18 June.No personnel preparing for, serving on, or recovering from deployments on that date will lose their jobs unless they have applied for redundancy, the MoD said, but they could be affected next year.This round of redundancies will be the
The ombudsman's office has been given Â£12m to complete more than 150 historical cases over the next six years. The police ombudsman has announced the re-opening of historical investigations into the Northern Ireland Police Service of Northern Ireland's (PSNI). The Police Ombudsman's Office (Ombudsman) has announced that it will re-open a number of historical cases that were suspended in 2011 after a critical report into the running of the office.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has won a third term in the Knesset - and he's set to form a new coalition with the Likud party. Israel's Prime Minister Netanyahu has been re-elected with a landslide victory in the country's elections, but he's not the only one to feel the sting of disappointment. Israel and the wider Middle East must now wait to see what sort of government will eventually emerge.Israel and the rest of the world will examine these results for clues about Israel's future attitude towards peace talks with the Palestinians or the possibility of a pre-emptive strike on Iran's nuclear facilities
Sky has confirmed that it is experiencing capacity issues in a small number of telephone exchanges in the south of England.The firm said that it was working to boost capacity at telephone exchanges.
The UN says at least seven people were executed at a military camp, near a bus station and a hospital, it said.
Police officers are claiming for injuries sustained when stopping the carsThe owner's no-claims bonus can be affected and their car insurance premiums can increase as a resultBill Rooney is one of those affectedHe had his car stolen from his north Belfast home last JulyHe was still awake in the early hours of the morning when he heard his car being driven away from his houseAfter a police chase, two men were arrested and his car was so badly damaged that it was written offHe had arranged a new car through his insurance and believed the matter to be closed until he received an unexpected letter"I received a letter from a solicitor saying he was
South Africa floods: More than half of crocodiles still on the loose. The crocodiles escaped from the Rakwena Crocodile Farm, a tourist site about 15km from the small town of Pontdrif, which borders Botswana.
Four soldiers and a civilian have been jailed for a planned conspiracy to bring weapons, ammunition and drugs into the UK.The men, along with a fifth man, were caught after firearms were found in a car arriving at Folkestone from Calais in January 2012.They were convicted of firearms and drugs charges on Monday after a six-week trial.Describing it as "a carefully planned enterprise" Judge Philip Shorrock said: "The guns were intended for use by serious criminals. They would be used to kill or maim."The court heard the gang was caught after armed police stopped two of the men in two BMW cars
A Health Protection Agency study found a 10-fold increased risk in cases of the sleep disorder in children seen in sleep centres who had received the jab.
Italy is still trying to recover from the aftermath of the deadly earthquake in L'Aquila.
Governor Bobby Jindal, a likely contender for his party's presidential nomination in 2016, said a number of Republicans had "damaged the brand" by making "offensive and bizarre" comments.He's talking of course about those remarks about "legitimate rape" and how rape can't lead to pregnancy.The Republicans who made those comments did seem to be going.
Ross Simons, 34, and his wife Clare, 30, died at the scene of the incident in Hanham, near Bristol, on Sunday.The couple had just been given the go-ahead to start IVF treatment.Friends of Mr and Mrs Simons said they had been married for about 18 months and had been together for several years.They had just had news that they were able to have fertility treatment... everything to live for."It's just terrible and it shouldn't have happened."Two young people with their lives in front of them... snapped away just like that."Speaking after laying flowers, family friend
Jane Austen's House Museum in Chawton, Hampshire, is hosting a Story of Pride And Prejudice exhibition.
The charity has been criticised for prosecuting members of the prime minister's local Oxfordshire hunt.
The men were believed to have been working on the northbound carriageway of the A361 at Gornhay Cross, Tiverton, when they were hit.
Five Shropshire and three Herefordshire churches have been awarded grants to complete their repairs.
Five select committee chairmen have written to David Cameron asking him to remove international students from the net migration target.The coalition has pledged to restrict the level of annual net migration - the balance between the number of people who come to live in the UK for the long-term and the number who are leaving - to "tens of thousands".Since last year, all institutions which want to sponsor non-European Union students for a visa must be accredited as "highly trusted".Potential entrants have to speak a higher standard of English and the "post-study work route" to staying on has been closed, unless graduates have
Bahraini al-Wefaq, the main opposition group in the country, has called for a national dialogue between the government and the opposition.It is the only way open to us to put pressure on the government."He also called for the release of 13 opposition leaders and human rights activists who have been sentenced to between five years and life in prison on evidence widely accepted as having been obtained under torture.These people have a lot of followers in the street. If they are not part of the dialogue than the dialogue will fail."We want someone who can speak for the royal family," he said. "We believe that dialogue and negotiations
Steubenville case: Judge Thomas Lipps rejects arguments by defence lawyers that witnesses could face intimidation or harassment outside the courthouse. A judge in Ohio has ruled that the trial of two high school football players accused of sexually assaulting a 16-year-old girl will be open to the public.
The young people of Timbuktu, Mali, are dancing to the beat of music in the dusty streets of the ancient desert city. They have been banned from mixing in public since the militants took over the city last year, but now they can dance and do whatever they want in the streets. The young men and women of the city are dancing and singing in the street, just as they had in the past.The young men of the old city are enjoying the freedom of their freedom. They are sitting on the dusty steps of a hair salon, feet tapping to the rhythm of music.Music is a pleasure for
Mario Balotelli signs four-and-a-half-year deal with Manchester City. Manchester City striker Mario Baloitelli says he will always have a special place in his heart for the Premier League champions. Mario Batali has signed for Manchester City from AC Milan.
The panel of experts also rejected suggestions that by advising companies to avoid tax, they were breaching the spirit of the Companies Act, which requires directors to act in good faith and maintain high standards
Helen Smith, who lives in Deal with her British husband and their two children, applied for a new visa last SeptemberBut she is still waiting for officials to return her passport, and said her plea to speed up the process after her grandfather's death was rejectedUKBA said applicants could not be given updates within the first six monthsThe UKBA website informs applicants that "you do not need to contact us to check the progress of your application"."We will contact you as soon as a decision has been made or if we require further information."Our staff cannot provide any information about your application if you applied less than six months ago."Mrs
Disabled people will be able to walk more than 20 metres, but not "reliably", the government has announced.The Personal Independence Payment (PIP) will replace the existing Disability Living Allowance (DLA) in April.The government said it had consulted with disabled people and their representatives about the changes, which will be introduced in April. Disabled people who are able to accomplish tasks like walking and planning journeys will get higher payments.
Etch A Sketch is a mechanical toy that creates erasable drawings by twisting two dials in the late 1950s.
Ben Affleck has won best director at the Directors Guild Awards for Argo, the film he co-wrote and directed.The win would normally be an indicator of Oscar success as the DGA recipient nearly always goes on to claim the same prize at Hollywood's biggest night.But Affleck missed out on an Oscar directing nomination.
HMS Cumberland, HMS Campbeltown, HMS Chatham and HMS Cornwall are currently moored in Portsmouth Harbour.
A man has died after he was involved in a collision while working on the A361 at Gornhay Cross, Tiverton.
A 65% to 17% majority for Northern Ireland remaining in the UK suggests little room for doubt.The British and Irish governments have both made it clear they don't think now is the time to hold a border poll.Sinn Fein are campaigning for a poll and the DUP have discussed, in their words, calling Sinn Fein's bluff.But after weeks of controversy about flags and national identity, politicians' claims about Catholic unionism, and a census showing a growing number identifying themselves as Northern Irish, what lies behind that headline figure in the Spotlight opinion poll is particularly revealing.
Luis Barcenas arrived by taxi at the anti-corruption prosecutors' office accompanied by his lawyer, Alfonso Trallero
Pope Benedict's number two, Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, led a special Mass to celebrate the 900th anniversary of the founding of the order by Brother Gerard, a Benedictine monk who opened a hospital for sick and poor pilgrims in Jerusalem at the time of the Crusades.The Knights have had a long history of displacement around the Mediterranean.After being evicted from Jerusalem by Saladin towards the end of the 12th Century, they set up a new headquarters in Cyprus, and subsequently on the island of Rhodes where they created an independent state.During the Middle Ages they were more warriors than hospitallers
Sheffield City Council has launched an appeal to raise Â£150,000 for a bronze sculpture in the Barkers Pool area.The sculpture will pay tribute to the women who worked in the steel industry during the Second World War. The sculpture, to be unveiled at the end of the year, will pay homage to the Sheffield steel industry workers who worked for the war effort during World War Two.
Denise Denise Fergus said she had been "let down so many times by the system" but that she would continue to "fight".Jon Venables and Robert Thompson were convicted of killing two-year-old James in Bootle, Merseyside in 1993.Venables was aged 10 when he and Thompson abducted and murdered James, beating him with bricks and iron bars and leaving his body on a railway line.James' mother described it as "a stupid, silly little mistake" of hers to let go of her child's hand for a few seconds
Proserv will build a control system for three subsea wells near the Tern platform.
Former Staff Sgt Clinton Romesha, 31, led a battle against hundreds of Taliban fighters four years ago.About 50 US soldiers were at Combat Outpost Keating near Pakistan.
Jackie Powell was arrested last year on suspicion of preventing the lawful burial of Brady's victim Keith Bennett
A panel of judges compiled a list of the country's 100 most influential females for Radio 4's Woman's Hour.The Queen's granddaughter-in-law did not make the list but the judges noted her potential to do so.
FAFA Cup: Arsenal 1-0 Blackburn. Arsenal are knocked out of the FA Cup by Blackburn in the quarter-finals.
Keanu Reeves: Side by Side documentary examines cinema's transition from film to digital formats. The actor serves as producer, narrator and interviewer on Side By Side, in which he sets out to examine the transition from celluloid to digital.
Oscar Pistorius made history in London last year when he became the first double-amputee track athlete to compete in the Olympic Games.He is known as the "blade runner" because of the carbon fibre prosthetic blades he races in.He was born without a fibula in both legs and had his legs amputated below the knee before his first birthday.Police were called to his home in the upmarket Silver Woods gated compound on the outskirts of South Africa's administrative capital in the early hours of Thursday morning.They found paramedics treating a 29-year-old woman with four gunshot wounds to the head and upper body.
A lorry has struck a house in Largs, Strathclyde, seriously damaging the ground floor of a building on the opposite side of the road.The building is split into five homes and the couple had been watching television in their bottom-floor flat.One other man who was in the building at the time was evacuated unhurt.The woman's 60-year-old husband and the lorry driver, 54, were rescued and taken to hospital with minor injuries.The local community had been pressing for a widening of the main road to Hunterston power station and Clyde Port.Steve Graham, chairman of
Carnival Triumph docked in Mobile, Alabama, at 21:15 (03:15 GMT Friday).The ship, which is the largest cruise ship ever to dock in the US, was carrying more than 2,000 passengers and crew when it caught fire on Wednesday. The Carnival Triumph, which was carrying 2,500 passengers and 1,500 crew members, caught fire in the early hours of Friday and sank off the coast of Alabama, killing 32 people.
News 24 presenter Jeremy Fernandez has been the focus of a national conversation about Australian racism, having been the victim of the kind of ugly racist incident that usually goes unreported. He is one of the national broadcaster's rising stars. "I think it touched a nerve. I honestly thought it would generate a bit of discussion for a couple of hours. I had no idea it would take off."
A lorry has been removed from a flat in Fairlie and is being taken away to undergo further tests to establish the cause of a crash that has closed the A78 through the village for several days.A lorry that crashed into a flat at a house in a village near Inverclyde is expected to remain closed until early next week.A 55-year-old man who also lived in the flats continues to be treated for minor injuries.He and the driver were rescued by the emergency services from the rubble.
The Highland Car Club Snowman Rally in Glenurquhart Forest, at Balnain, was abandoned after an adult spectator was fatally injured on the first stage of the 2013 Scottish Rally Championship. A woman was killed and an eight-year-old boy was seriously injured when a car collided with a rally car on special stage 1 of the Scottish Snowman Championship.
Sri Lankan soldiers have released photographs of a young boy who was killed in the final days of the war against the Tamil Tiger militants in 2009.The photographs were taken by a military camera on a stretch of land between the Nanthikadal lagoon and the sea, where hundreds of thousands of civilians were trapped in the last bloody months of the conflict.
South African police chief Mangwashi Phiyega says Det Botha has been replaced by Lt Gen Vineshkumar Moonoo to take over the Pistorius case.Lt Gen Moonoo is reported to be a veteran of some 30 years service.
Six Nations: Scotland 24-16 Ireland. Paddy Jackson kicks four penalties as Ireland lose their second Six Nations game in a row to Scotland. Scotland's Greig Laidlaw penalties secure the win for the hosts.
Six members of the men's 4x100 freestyle relay team have admitted to taking prescription drugs ahead of the London Olympics. Six Australian swimmers have admitted they took prescription drugs in a bonding exercise during which they took Stilnox.
Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace: What went wrong for Wallace's reputation?Wallace was one of the most famous scientists in the world at the time of his death in 1913.He was the first to publish the theory of evolution by natural selection in a paper in August 1858.But while today Darwin is a household name synonymous with the theory, Wallace struggles to gain anywhere near the recognition of his friend.While little has changed since in terms of public acclaim, there are signs that Wallace's work is gaining more recognition in certain circles.A series of events are being held around the world to commemorate the centenary
Africans have never had so much artistic freedom, with a proliferation of books, paintings and films since the advent of multi-party democracy in the 1990s, and the huge advance in technology which has allowed anyone with a smartphone to publish their views across the world. But critics say artists are still subject to tight censorship, pointing out that a South African gallery was forced to remove a painting of President Jacob Zuma under political pressure, while in Uganda a play about gay rights was banned. So, just how free are Africa's artists - in film, literature and music- to tell their own stories? Here are some of their
The cost of the West Coast franchise fiasco could be "very much larger" than previously estimated, a parliamentary committee has warned. The Department for Transport has been accused of making "fundamental errors" and failing to learn from "previous disasters". The cost to the taxpayer of the botched West Coast franchising fiasco is likely to be much higher than originally estimated, according to a report by the Public Accounts Committee. The costs of the bungled West Coast rail franchise fiasco has been estimated to be more than £5bn.
Jean Say killed his son and daughter two years ago. He was jailed for 16 months in October last year for failing to investigate rape and sexual assault claims.
Switzerland has one of the highest rates of gun ownership in the world
Dragons' Cudd rewarded with new deal. Dragons back rower Cudd has been rewarded with a new Dragons deal.
Lazio: Uefa imposes two-match supporters' ban. Lazio fans have been banned for two games by UefA for racist chanting during their Europa League game against Borussia Monchengladbach.
Abertawe Bro Morgannwg measles outbreak: More than 8,500 school children at risk of measles in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot area. A new measles outbreak in south west Wales is affecting more than eight thousand school children, Public Health Wales has said.
A man who refuses to get dressed in public has been given an order for him to stop rambling naked in public places.The order is effective for all of England and Wales until 10 May.If Mr Gough, 53, of Eastleigh, Hampshire, contravenes it, he could be imprisoned again.He was freed on bail on 8 February after a charge of outraging public decency in Oxfordshire in December was dropped.Roger Trencher, force solicitor, said he had also "used a considerable amount of police time in England, Wales and Scotland".He said: "This is because he insists
Clare Clare had a six-year relationship with former PC Mark Kennedy, who posed as long-haired dropout Mark "Flash" Stone to infiltrate a group of environmental protesters."You imagine that somebody may be in public meetings that environmental groups have. You could even imagine that your phone might be tapped or that somebody might look at your emails."But to know that there was somebody in your bed for six years, that somebody was involved in your family life to such a degree, that was an absolute shock."Well,'shock' is an understatement. It felt like the ground had shifted beneath me and my sense of what was reality and
London is a unique opportunity," Nigel Wood told BBC London 94.9. "It is almost inconceivable to consider yourself a national sport without having a strong presence in the capital. We just have to make sure that we get that presence right."It is probably not right as it is and we need to work with all the stakeholders to improve that.
Environment Minister John Griffiths announced that the Welsh government plans to spend £47m in 2013/14.
Cardinal Keith O'Brien resigned as Archbishop of St Andrews and Edinburgh last Monday after three priests and a former priest made allegations against him dating back to the 1980s.He apologised and asked forgiveness from those whom he had "offended".He has vowed "unconditional obedience and reverence" to his successor.The German pontiff, who was born Joseph Ratzinger, will continue to be known as Benedict XVI, with the new title of "pope emeritus".The theologian is expected to retire to a monastery on a hill inside Vatican City. Officials say he will not be able to intervene publicly in the
"In a panicked reaction to Eastleigh they are briefing anything and everything they can think of that they are looking at for the future," he said.
Kenya's presidential election has been held under a new constitution, designed to prevent a repeat of the violence that marred the last election. The presidential contest is seen as a two-horse race between Prime Minister Raila Odinga and Deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta.
Kenya election: Early presidential results delayed. Kenya's presidential race is being delayed by a large number of spoiled ballots, the country's election commission has said. The election commission said it would announce results from constituencies as soon as they were ready.
Former South African police captain Joachim Coetzee, known as Comrade Dirk, who ran a covert counter-insurgency unit that detained and killed anti-apartheid activists.
"It's going to mean that many more children will have to make journeys across to Hastings."
China's exports jumped 21.8% in February from a year earlier, according to official data released on Friday.The data showed that exports rose 21% from January to February, while imports fell 15.2% from the same period last year.The jump in exports for February was driven by strong demand from the US and South East Asia.However, there was a big fall in imports.
Alzheimer's disease: Blood test could mean earlier diagnosis and better treatments. A quick and easy test to do in clinics could mean much earlier diagnosis of Alzheimer's, researchers say. A new blood test could be a way to distinguish between healthy people and those with dementia, according to researchers.
The Department of Health has published draft guidelines on the law on abortion in Northern Ireland.The draft guidelines include a recommendation that a consultant psychiatrist should be involved where a mental health assessment is required.It describes as a grey area the lawfulness of advocating or promoting terminations outside Northern Ireland. The draft guidelines are still being considered by ministers and will be consulted on for 16 weeks.
Cloud security: How to hack a cloud. Cloud security experts have shown that clouds are anything but misty and mysterious. They can be found, interrogated and potentially attacked. A cloud is a computer server that can be used to do computations on a computer, and it can be interrogated to find out how hard it is being used. It can then be used by a hacker to steal data from the server and send it to someone else who can use it to steal money. Cloud security expert Martin Borrett, IBM's cloud security adviser, said: "Clouds do not have to be nebulous. They do not
Giraffe restaurants to open near Tesco stores. Tesco has bought a 49% stake in Giraffe restaurant chain Conlumino to create "retail destinations" for customers. The move will see the supermarket open Giraffe branches near to its stores.
Dywedodd Ofcom eu bod wedi ailhysbysebu'r drwydded ar gyfer teledu lleol yn Abertawe am nad oedd ymgeisydd yn ystod rownd gyntaf y broses Drwyddedu.Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod 'na alw am fwy o raglenni'lleol ar wahân i'r rheiny sy'n cael eu cynnig gan y BBC a darlledw
Norman Collier, a comedian who rose to fame on the club circuit, has died at the age of 91. He was best known for his act featuring an intermittently working microphone - and his chicken impression.He was also a frequent pantomime performer, notably playing Widow Twanky opposite Little and Large at Hull's New Theatre in Aladdin.He never moved to London - despite the lure of fame - preferring to stay in the local area surrounded by his family.He told the BBC in 2009 he had "no regrets".He leaves a wife, Lucy, to whom he was married for more than 60 years, three
Cyprus bailout deal under way. Intense negotiations are under way between political parties amid public anger at a levy of up to 10% being imposed on savers.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has received the People's Choice award for best actress for her role in Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
Boundary changes: +1 seatWorcestershire Con 38, Lab 12, Lib Dem 11, Lab 1, Ind 2, Ukip 1, Con 1 all seats up.
In Europe's corridors of power there is the sound and sight of officials pointing fingers and rowing back from previous positions held. Here's the reality: Cyprus's banks will remain closed at least until Thursday while they try and unravel this. As the economist Paul Krugman put it, it was as if Europeans were holding up a sign which read "time to stage a run on your bank". The Cypriot parliament may delay again today voting on a bailout deal that has brought protesters onto the streets. The European Central Bank (ECB) might stop providing funds to Cyprus's two major banks. Without support, the banks would
Afghan special forces and local police will withdraw from Nerkh district in Wardak province, the US-led Nato-led military coalition and the Afghan government have agreed to a plan to end a bitter dispute over the withdrawal of US special forces from the area.The troops and their Afghan counterparts have been accused of murder and intimidation in the area, including the murder of nine men.Isaf has denied the allegations but President Hamid Karzai said they should withdraw within a fortnight.
Northern Ireland's High Court has ruled that the Real IRA members responsible for the 1998 Omagh bombing are liable for the deaths of 31 people. The High Court in Belfast has found that the two men involved in the 1998 bombing of Omagh are liable to pay £1.6m in damages for the atrocity.The judge, Mr Justice Gillen, said the evidence against Colm Murphy and Seamus Daly was "overwhelming" and that they should be held to account for what happened at Omagh.The court heard that the bomb team was led by Liam McKombe, who was killed in the attack.
Cheltenham are a Football League club now and that's what we've always wanted to aspire to Gloucester City manager Neil Hughes Gloucester have been forced to sell their home ground at Whaddon Road after failing to secure a new one.The Tigers have been without a home for six years after their Meadow Park ground was destroyed by flooding.
Salford City Reds owner Dr Marwan Koukash asked, at the start of the station's rugby league hour this week.The extravagant millionaire has grabbed the ailing Reds by the scruff of the neck.
Researchers at Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital, King's College London, Imperial College and Oxford University aim to produce a dynamic wiring diagram of how the brain grows, at a level of detail that they say has been impossible until now.They hope that by charting the journeys of bundles of nerves in the final three months of pregnancy, doctors will be able to understand more about how they can help in situations when this process goes wrong.Some of these will help determine how a baby thinks or sees the world, and may have a role to play in the development of conditions such as autism, scientists say.But how this
Sydney Harbour Bridge is in darkness for Earth Hour. You can even see the stars!"
Malaysian Grand Prix: Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber team orders controversy. Red Bull boss Christian Horner says the team orders row at the Malaysian GP is only the latest episode of a long-running drama.Red Bull team order controversy at the Malaysia Grand Prix has led to a dramatic end to the race between SebastianVettel and Sebastian Webber. Red Bulls team orders drama at the Singapore Grand Prix is the latest in a long series of team orders rows at the team.Media playback is not supported on this device Lewis Hamilton takes third ahead of Nico Rosberg, who obeyed an order to stay behind.
Markets in Europe and the US have fallen into negative territory after the head of the Eurogroup of eurozone finance ministers, Jeroen Dijsselbloem, suggested that the Cyprus model could form a template for resolving future eurozone banking problems.The deal was "painful" but the best that could have been struck under the circumstances, he said.
New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art (Met) is accused of misleading visitors about the price of admission.The museum says its "recommended" policy has been place for 40 years and it makes no effort to deceive visitors.But signs at cashier desks appear to demand full price, the suit contends.Lawyers say the signs in the lobby listing the prices of admission with the word'recommended' below in smaller type violate a 1893 law mandating the public be admitted free of charge at least five days and two evenings per week in exchange for monetary grants and rent-free use of city-owned land.The Met
Apple is the world's biggest contract electronics maker and Apple is one of its biggest clients According to some estimates, orders from Apple account for almost half of Foxconn's total revenue
Raffaele Sollecito was sentenced to 25 years in jail for his role in the murder of Meredith Kercher, a 19-year-old British student who was found dead in her flat in the Italian city of Perugia in 2007.He was on the verge of completing a computer science degree when he met Amanda Knox, an exchange student from Seattle, at a classical music concert in October 2007.Their encounter took place just days before Ms Kercher's death."It was a really nice relationship," he said in an interview."In that period she was much more at my apartment than in her one
Donald Trump has been given the go-ahead to build a wind farm in Aberdeen. The Scottish government has given the green light to Donald Trump's proposed offshore wind test centre in the north east of Scotland. US billionaire Donald Trump says he will sue the Scottish government over plans to build wind turbines at his golf resort in Aberdeen.The Scottish government said the centre would allow offshore wind developers and supply chain companies to test "cutting edge" wind technology before its commercial deployment.Energy Minister Fergus Ewing said: "Offshore renewables represent a huge opportunity for Scotland; an opportunity to build up new industries and to deliver on our
US consumer attitudes fall on budget cuts. The Conference Board's index of consumer attitudes fell by 8.3 points to 59.7 in March.
Russian authorities say they want to check whether the organisations are operating legally - particularly whether they comply with a controversial law requiring all NGOs receiving overseas funding to register as "foreign agents".But human rights watchdog Agora says at least 90 NGOs have used its hotline since last week to complain about visits by officials.
If you take an insecticide and you give it directly to an insect, I can guarantee that you will have an effect - he explained "I am not at all surprised that this is what you will see, what is really real - in real bee colonies in fields in real situations, with real real fields in the wild."
Blackberry reports profits of $98m (£65m) for the quarter, after posting a big loss for the same period last year.
Prostate cancer is the fourth most common cause of cancer death in men - and second only to lung cancer in men. It's one of the most commonly diagnosed cancers in men, but it's also the most difficult to treat and the most expensive to treat. It's a problem that has long been overlooked by the medical community, but new advances in surgical techniques could help to change that.The new technique, called Image Guided Intensity Modulated Radiotherapy Treatment, uses imaging provided by a CT scan to target the tumour before a powerful but precisely shaped radiation dose is administered.The first half of this technology is
India's economic growth has been sprightly in recent years, but there are sceptics and optimists alike.The optimistic refute this gloomy thesis and believe that the rising tide has lifted all boats.As an example, they point to the emergence of a small but growing class of Dalit (formerly known as untouchables, the lowest in India's wretched caste hierarchy) millionaires.So much so that Dalit activists like Chandra Bhan Prasad like to call it a "golden period" for Dalits where "material markers are replacing social markers".Studies have also shown that the wage gap between Dalits and
Doctor Who: The Bells of Saint John is due to air on BBC One on 23 November.The special will mark the 50th anniversary of the sci-fi show, which was first broadcast in 1963.Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Sarah Piper will make a return for the special, which is being written by the show's executive producer and lead writer Steven Moffat.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson: 'We are not concerned with what we have left behind us'. Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson says the focus is on what is in front of them.
Members of the NASUWT, meeting in Bournemouth, criticised a loosening of the rules on who schools can employ to teach children
Pastor Marco Feliciano has been accused of racism and homophobia. He is the only candidate for the post of president of the Human Rights and Minority Commission.
The money for Kingston Maurward College, near Dorchester, will go towards a £3.24m project that includes a new animal sciences building.
US border agents arrested three people in connection with an attempt to smuggle MDMA, or ecstasy, from Canada to San Francisco. Two others were arrested and accused of planning to transport the drugs.
The building collapse underlines the issue of illegal construction in India. Building collapses are common with poor construction practices often blamed.
Glamorgan head of elite performance Mark Mott says the team are ready to learn the lessons of last season's disappointing campaign.
Czech Republic coach Tomas Fitzel says a 16-team top-flight is a good idea. Czech Republic national coach Tomas Fitzel believes young talent would have a greater chance to shine in a bigger league.
Mumbai building collapse: Nine people have been arrested for allegedly paying bribes to police and municipal officials to construct a building in the Mumbai suburb of Thane without any official sanction. Nine people are being held in connection with a building collapse in Mumbai that killed more than 30 people, including 30 children and 18 women.
David Cameron is in Spain for talks with Spanish counterpart Mariano Rajoy ahead of a visit to France and Germany. David Cameron says the EU needs to change to allow Britain, or other member states, not to be bound by all its decisions. British Prime Minister David Cameron will travel to Spain and Germany this week to discuss the future of Britain's membership of the European Union.The UK is not in the single currency; neither are many other countries. Some countries want to go ahead with the financial transaction tax.
The Right to Buy Scheme for council houses was one of Margaret Thatcher's most popular policies. It was enshrined in the Housing Act of 1980, making it one of her first major pieces of legislation after she came to office in 1979.The number of people who bought their council house from their local authorities rose to 200,000 by 1982, and again peaked at 180,000 in 1989, her last full year as prime minister.But some believe that other changes, such as those that made mortgages and credit much easier to get, sowed the seeds of future crises that still affect many to this day.Here, BBC
Margaret Thatcher: Tributes to the Iron Lady. Margaret Thatcher was one of the most important figures in modern British history. She died peacefully, aged 87, on Monday the 8th of April 2013. She was given a ceremonial funeral with full military honours.
Nicolas Maduro says he will "occupy a small office in Miraflores in another wing", so that Venezuelans could roam the rooms of the presidential palace and "learn how the commander had lived, and what he had eaten".
A woman in Ontario, Canada, who bought a LottoMax ticket for a $1m ($1.1m) jackpot has been awarded a C$2m (£1.6m) prize.Maria Carreiro, 51, said she "ran down the street like a crazy woman" after her daughter looked online and discovered the award's true size.Among her plans for the winnings were a Hawaii honeymoon after 30 years of marriage and a larger house.She said her husband had already left his job.According to Ontario Lottery and Gaming, 60% of winners of more than C$
A team of palaeontologists have discovered fossils of a group of dinosaurs that grew extremely quickly during their incubation period.The creatures were preserved at different stages of their development, shedding light on life inside the egg.The researchers found that the animals would have grown extremely quickly, faster than other dinosaurs and faster than a lot of living animals whose embryology we know very well.
A study, in the journal Nature Medicine, showed the engineered kidneys were less effective than natural ones.But regenerative medicine researchers said the field had huge promise.The researchers' vision is to take an old kidney and strip it of all its old cells to leave a honeycomb-like scaffold.The remaining web of proteins, or scaffold, looks just like a kidney, including an intricate network of blood vessels and drainage pipes.This protein plumbing was used to pump the right cells to the right part of the kidney, where they joined with the scaffold to rebuild the organ.It was kept in a special oven
North Korea nuclear crisis: US Secretary of State John Kerry visits China. The US and China have agreed to work together to tackle North Korea's nuclear programme, a Chinese statement says.
U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) chief Eric Schmidt has warned of the risk of terrorists using the new technology.
Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone says the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead despite protests. Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclcestone says he is "extremely sympathetic" to the opposition in Bahrain after a series of explosions in the country.
Two Grad rockets have struck the Israeli city of Eilat, a popular tourist destination on the Red Sea, causing no injuries or damage.
David dropped his H sounds at the start of words far less often than before the move to the US, the study found.And in a separate video study of wife Victoria, the ex-Spice Girl was found to be "definitely getting posher".The study examined footage of the footballer before and after 2007, the year the Beckhams moved to Los Angeles.Charles Boorman and Alix Roberts looked at changes in David's speech, while Naomi Proszynska and James Pickett investigated how Victoria spoke.The research revealed that David dropped the H in words such as "him" and "has" 80% of
Mashkel, a remote town in Pakistan's Balochistan province, is one of the worst-hit areas in the country after a powerful earthquake struck this week.The town of Mashkel is located on the border with Iran's Sistan province and is the largest in the province, with a population of about 100,000 people.Most of the houses in the Mashkel area collapsed - either partially or completely - in the quake.We saw family after family sitting amid the ruins of their mud-brick houses under open skies with no shelter.Mashkel social worker Lareef Baloch says that most houses
Matt Denton, from Hampshire, estimates his "very expensive toy" has cost him hundreds of thousands of pounds.He says a mining company and a marine research organisation are now interested in his design and he hopes it might be used at science fairs.The robot, driver-operated by joysticks within a cockpit, can only travel at 1.5km/h (1mph) and manage a distance of 5km on a 20-litre (4.5-gallon) tank of diesel."It's not about miles to the gallon, it's about gallons to the mile," he said."It wasn
Support Stafford Hospital campaigners and police said up to 30,000 people had joined the mile-long march, from the town centre to the hospital.
The council has allocated 1.8% of draft greenbelt land for development in order to meet the needs of the city's rapidly growing population.
Five disabled people who receive money from the Independent Living Fund (ILF) have lost a bid to overturn the government's plans to close the scheme.The five are among 19,000 people who receive money from the ILF, which the government plans to scrap in 2015.The scheme aids independent living and the average pay-out is £300 a week.The government has said that councils, which administer most social care, will take over funding this help.The Department for Work and Pensions has previously said that help for disabled people has been fundamentally changed by personal budgets, intended to give recipients more control,
The Cultural Olympiad helped enhance the perception of Britain abroad, according to a new report. A new report has said the London 2012 Festival and the cultural programme of the London Olympic Games helped to boost the image of the UK as a cultural destination.The report, by the Tate Gallery and the Tate Modern, said the festival was a "positive contribution" to the UK's image abroad.It said the cultural events that comprised the festival, including the World Shakespeare Festival, were "incredibly successful" and helped to promote the country as a "world-class cultural destination".
Gareth Colfer-Williams, 25, died last week at his home in Swansea, the city at the centre of an epidemic of the disease which has reached 942 cases.
NorthNorth Wales Chief Constable Mark Polin said: "Offenders quite rightly should have to look over their shoulders for the rest of their lives."He also sent a message to offenders, saying: "If you believe the passage of time will reduce the resolve of Operation Pallial or any police force to identify people who are still alive and to bring them to justice, you are sorely mistaken."At a news conference in Colwyn Bay, Mr Polin told victims: "It's never too late to report abuse."
There will be live TV and radio coverage of all England's group games, plus a quarter-final and a semi-final
Flight ETH 801 between Addis Ababa and Nairobi wasn't exactly a run-of-the-mill flight.For starters, it was full of Boeing executives and the boss of Ethiopian Airlines.Several passengers on board asked me what was going on, why was the BBC on a routine flight in Africa?Many didn't realise that they were the first passengers to fly in a Dreamliner since it was dramatically grounded in January.There were plenty who knew about the safety scare surrounding the plane, although only a couple that we spoke to said it had made them a little more tentative about flying.Boeing still has
Bangladesh garment factory collapse: Rescue operation enters fifth day. More than 350 people have died since the collapse of a garment factory in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, on Wednesday, and hundreds more are missing. A group of about nine survivors has been located and teams are using light cutting equipment to try to reach them, the BBC's Anbarasan Ethirajan reports from the site of the collapsed Rana Plaza building in the city of Dhaka.
Alice Wheeldon was found guilty of a poison plot against David Lloyd George in 1917.She was sentenced to 10 years, Alfred seven years and Winnie five years.She went on a hunger strike and was released after nine months but died shortly afterwards.Since her death in 1919, a campaign has emerged to clear her name.Mr Venables said: "The whole thing was a travesty.
Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah says Syria's opposition is too weak to bring down Bashar al-Assad's regime militarily.
The Great Train Robbery: A Copper's Tale to air later this year. Jim Broadbent says he is "thrilled" to be asked to portray Tommy Butler in the drama.
Elections are being held in 27 English county councils and seven unitary authorities, last contested in 2009, as well as in Anglesey in Wales.
British Academy of Film and Television Arts (Bafta)
North Korean state media said that he had confessed to wrongdoing, and that he was treated well in custody, being allowed diplomatic contact and family phone calls.He had been in custody since 10 April when, according to North Korean sources, he destroyed his tourist visa and demanded asylum.The youngest of four sons, he grew up in Bakersfield, California, and both his parents were oil engineers.Described by former classmates as "quiet but extremely intelligent", he learnt Korean on his first trip to South Korea four years ago while visiting a brother stationed there with the US air force.He has been described as both a tour
Al Ahli boss Michael O'Leary has been awarded the full sum due under his contract by Fifa. The League Managers' Association (LMA) said despite having sacked Michael O’Leary, the United Arab Emirates club claimed the Irishman had abandoned his job.
The couple, who have been dating since 2011, wed in front of about 10 people in Mazan, Provence - close to where the bride's family has a holiday home.Mayor Aime Navello told the Associated Press he married them at the town hall.
Beate Zschaepe, 38, is accused of being part of the National Socialist Underground (NSU), which killed 10 people, most of them of Turkish origin.She denies the murder charges.The trial began in Munich on Monday, with the judge presiding over the trial of four men accused of helping the far-right group to carry out the murders of eight ethnic Turks, a Greek immigrant and a German policewoman between 2000 and 2007.She is also accused of involvement in 15 armed robberies, of arson, and of attempted murder via two bomb attacks.The NSU cell remained undetected until Ms Z
Neolithic huts at Stonehenge have been made of chalk and straw daub and wheat-thatched roofing.
The bottles were part of the cargo on the SS Politician, which sank off Eriskay in the Outer Hebrides in 1941
Libya's prime minister resigns after sieges by armed groups. The Libyan prime minister has resigned after being told by the prime minister not to present his resignation at a cabinet meeting.
BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2013 to be held in Leeds. The 60th anniversary of the award will be celebrated with a live show at the First Direct Arena in Leeds on Sunday, 15 December.
It is a particular problem in more affluent countries, with sleep experts linking it to the use of mobile phones and computers in bedrooms late at night.
The Chinese authorities are said to be angry at the prime minister's decision to meet the Dalai Lama, Tibet's spiritual leader, last year.
North Korea's Supreme Court spokesman said Mr Bae's full confession was the reason why he did not receive a death sentence.
Revised growth estimates now suggest the construction industry shrank in the first quarter of 2012, but by less than previously thought
Banksy mural up for auction. Banksy's mural of a boy hunched over a sewing machine making Union Jack bunting is up for sale.
New research suggests that biodiversity around the globe will be significantly impacted if temperatures rise more than 2C.But the scientists say that the losses can be reduced if rapid action is taken to curb greenhouse gases.The paper is published in the journal, Nature Climate Change.
British embassy staff in Libya withdrawn. The British Embassy in Tripoli has withdrawn non-essential staff in response to "ongoing political uncertainty" in Libya.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office said the cost was incurred by having four walls and door installed around a double bed.
China's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.7% in the first three months of 2013.
The pilot reportedly sent a message saying "I'm jumping" before contact was lost.Rescuers found his body near to the wreckage of the aircraft.
Former NFL star O.J. Simpson is more than four years into a minimum nine-year to 33-year prison sentence.
Theresa May's whole life tariff for police murderers is being welcomed by rank-and-file officers - but it's unlikely to quell the anger felt by Police Federation members about the government's programme of cuts and reforms to the service.
Boko Haram has seized control of parts of the north-east over the past three years, and much of the violence has been confined to that region.Boko Haram, whose name means "Western education is forbidden" in the local Hausa language, is fighting to overthrow the government and create an Islamic state in the north.The group, which has its roots in north-eastern Nigeria, is linked to bloodshed in which some 2,000 people have died since 2010.The frequency and scale of the attacks carried out by Boko Haram have forced the president to take action and to silence some of his critics who accuse him
The restaurant, Maximo Bistro in Mexico City, was raided by officials after Andrea Benitez was not offered the table she had asked for.
Mario Balotelli: AC Milan striker says he will leave pitch if racist abuse continues. Mario balotelli says he is going to leave the pitch if racial abuse of AC Milan players continues.
Balmoral Show: Roads congested. Roads around the Maze/Long Kesh development were congested on the first day of the Balmoral show.
- what happens to the compound in the body from the time it is swallowed or injected until it is excreted. Safety and efficacy is compared to the currently accepted standard treatment. - designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a drug in patients who are at the same stage of a specific disease or condition. They are given various doses of a compound and closely monitored. - these studies take place after the drug has been approved for marketing. They evaluate the long-term effects of the drug in larger numbers of patients, sub-populations of patients. - studies, on a small number of healthy volunteers, to understand
Russia has sent missiles to Syria, the US military says, in an apparent attempt to bolster President Bashar al-Assad's forces.The sophisticated anti-ship missiles could be used to counter any future foreign military intervention, US officials told The New York Times.Russia is one of Syria's few remaining allies and a long-term arms supplier to the Assad regime.Over the years, in contracts worth billions of dollars, it has sold thousands of tanks, artillery units, aircraft, helicopters and defence systems to Damascus.
The Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill was defeated by 375 votes to 70 after a five-hour Commons debate.
Mario Balotelli: AS Roma to close Curva Sud section of Stadio Olimpico for one game. AS Roma have been fined £42,400 for racist chants aimed at Mario Ballotelli during their Serie A game against AC Milan.
The 11 imams, sheiks and religious teachers from nine countries met a Holocaust survivor and Poles whose families risked execution to save Jews from the Nazis, in the Polish capital's Nozyk Synagogue as part of the tour.They have been around museums, including the recently opened Museum of the History of Polish Jews.
The Football Association (FA) have suspended Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Harry Townsend for four months backdated to 23 May.
Google chairman Eric Schmidt says it is up to the UK government to change its tax system if it wants companies to pay more taxes.Google paid Â£10m in UK corporate taxes between 2006 and 2011.Google's chief executive Eric Schmidt said the company did what was "legally required" to pay the right amount of taxes.Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Start the Week, he said: "What we are doing is legal. I'm rather perplexed by this debate, which has been going in the UK for some time, because I view taxes as not optional.
Sri Lanka monk's self-immolation: Journalists could have tried to rescue him. Sri Lanka's media ministry says journalists who filmed a Buddhist monk who set himself on fire in protest against the slaughter of cattle and the alleged conversion of Buddhists could have been tried to have him rescued.
US Senator John McCain has become the highest ranking US official to travel to Syria since the start of the civil war in the country, the BBC has learned.He travelled with the Syrian Emergency Task Force and met General Salim Idris, chief of staff of the rebel Free Syrian Army, as well as 18 other rebel commanders. The US currently provides non-lethal aid to opposition groups in Syria, where an estimated 70,000 people have been killed.
The Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry is examining allegations of abuse in state-run children's homes and other institutions in Northern Ireland.It will determine if there were systemic failings by the state, or institutions, in their duties towards children under 18.
Honduras has one of the highest murder rates in the worldAlthough no formal peace deal has been signed, the apparent ceasefire is thought to be the first step towards a more lasting agreement"Our truce is with God, with society and with the authorities," announced a spokesman for Mara Salvatrucha, identified only as Marco"We ask society and the authorities to forgive us for the damage we have done," he said at a news conference inside a prison in the Honduran city of San Pedro SulaA leader of the rival 18 Street gang - who did not want to be identified - offered the same promises, but only "if the government
Holland Haven-to-Clacton defences: Peter Halliday accused the councillors who prompted a scrutiny meeting of "scaremongering".
Jose Mourinho's best quotes and controversies. Jose Mourinho was one of the most colourful characters in the British game during his first spell at Chelsea and has since enjoyed success at Inter Milan and Real Madrid before returning to London.Jose Mourinho was the first manager to win the Premier League twice, the FA Cup, the League Cup twice and the Community Shield as manager of Chelsea. José Mourinho was a colourful figure in English football during his time at Chelsea.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter accepts more must be done to eradicate racism.The new measures will see any individual who commits a racist offence banned from stadiums for a minimum of five matches.First or minor offences will result in either a warning, fine or order for a match to be played behind closed doors.Serious or repeat offences can now be punished by a points deduction, expulsion or relegation.Jeffrey Webb, head of Fifa's anti-racism task force, said the decision was "a defining moment".He added: "Our football family is fully aware that what is reported in the media is actually less than 1
Some teachers in primary schools pass on their misunderstandings of science to pupils.
Legal aid plans: Miscarriage of justice fears. The government's plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases come hot on the heels of a £350m cut to the annual criminal defence budget in England and Wales. Legal aid cuts to the legal aid system are being described as a miscarriage of justice by the Bar Council, which says they threaten a "world-renowned" justice system.The government said the right to a fair trial would not be affected and lawyers would have to meet quality standards.The Bar Council's comments came in its 150-page response to a Ministry of Justice consultation on the issue, which
Smoking is an unpleasant thing to do. It's just a dirty and horrible habit and it should make smokers feel dirty and smelly."Beth, Stoke, England"It's extremely bad and can cause loads of diseases and can be bad for the environment as it is made of poisons and also it is BAD for the smoker. I usually hold my breath while I walk past someone who's smoking."Hannah, Powys, Wales"Smoking should be banned for ever and ever! My dad disappears into the garage to have, about 15 cigs a day. I don't like it. Smoking stinks, is really
Indian tourist raped in Manali. A woman in India has been raped by three men in a truck in a resort town in the state of Himachal Pradesh, police say. A British tourist has been gang raped in a tourist town in India, officials say.The woman, who has not been named, was on a visit to a nearby tourist area popular with foreigners.
The Rolling Stones apparently charge $8m (£5m) to do a one-off performance, while Sir Elton John is said to require $4m.Kylie Minogue - who once sang at the wedding of the daughter of Indian steel billionaire Lakshmi Mittal - is reported to be a more affordable $2m.
TurkeyTurkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said the protests are undemocratic.The protests began on 28 May over plans to redevelop Gezi Park near Taksim Square in Istanbul.They soon mushroomed, engulfing several cities and including political demands.Protesters accuse the Turkish government of becoming increasingly authoritarian.Mr Erdogan is still the most popular politician in the country, but he is discovering that a ruling style that his opponents say is autocratic has its limits.Mr Arinc said that 244 police officers and 64 protesters had been injured, and more than 70m Turkish lira (Â£24m; $37m)
Floodwater is also threatening parts of Austria and the Czech Republic.At least 13 people have died and two are missing as a result of the floods.
London Irish prop Cian Healy's Lions tour may be over after he sustained suspected ankle ligament damage against Western Force.
Blackpool's free school breakfast scheme is one of the largest schemes operating within the UK.
UBS is suspected of "complicity in illegal sales practices", an official at the Paris prosecutor's office told the BBC.It also allegedly set up a shadow accounting system that masked transfers between French and Swiss bank accounts.UBS said it was cooperating with authorities.In a statement in French, it said: "The tribunal's decision widens the probe. UBS will not allow any move aimed at helping clients to avoid their fiscal duties."
New research suggests the Cornish Black honey bee is better at dealing with varroa mites, which carry a strain of a disease called deformed wing virus.
Robert Kubica: F1 driver says he misses racing in F1 but is still some way from being able to compete. The Polish driver is competing this year in the European Rally Championship for Citroen.
Clement Meric was badly beaten in a clash between far-right and anti-fascist activists in Paris on Wednesday, and later died.
England's James Anderson becomes only the fourth England player to take 300 Test wickets. England bowler James Anderson has become the fourth player to become the most successful Test bowler of all time with his 300th wicket in the first Test against Australia at Edgbaston.
The US government has confirmed it did request millions of phone records from US company Verizon, which included call duration, location and the phone numbers of both parties on individual calls.According to the documents revealed by Ed Snowden, the US National Security Agency (NSA) has access on a massive scale to individual chat logs, stored data, voice traffic, file transfers and social networking data of individuals.The NSA's Prism program, which is known as the "backdoor" to the servers of nine major technology companies including Microsoft, Yahoo, Google, Facebook, PalTalk, AOL, Skype, YouTube and Apple, is believed to have
Warner is being investigated over claims of an attack in the early hours of Sunday morning, leading to him being dropped from Wednesday's Champions Trophy match against New Zealand.Source: ESPN CricinfoThe other 15 players can now really get together and coach Mickey Arthur can say to his players "this is what happens if you step out of line because it is totally unacceptable".Arthur can get up and ask them: "Do you want to come here and do something special, to win the Ashes against all the odds? Or do you simply want to be a laughing stock?"I would expect a ferocious response from the players if they're asked that
Cricket Australia has fined England and Australia batsman David Warner £7,000 and suspended him for two Tests after he is alleged to have struck England batsman Joe Root on the chin in a bar in Birmingham.He will now miss the remainder of his country's Champions Trophy campaign.Warner will also be absent for tour matches against Somerset and Worcestershire, but can play in the first Ashes Test on 10 July.England and Australia players were in the Walkabout pub in the early hours of Sunday when opening batsman Warner allegedly struck Root. Cricket Australia have fined England captain David Warner and three of his teammates £
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new permanent Shoah exhibition at the former Auschwitz concentration camp in Poland.The display in Block 27 places the former camp in the broader context of Nazi Germany's systematic attempt to wipe out Europe's Jewish population.It is being overseen by Israel's Yad Vashem Holocaust institute.Earlier in Warsaw, Mr Netanyahu accused Iran, one of Israel's strongest foes, of planning a new Holocaust.Iran is viewed as a threat in Israel because of its aggressive rhetoric, its support for militant groups in the region, its arsenal of long-range missiles and its nuclear work.However, critics of the Israeli prime
Hassan Hassan Rouhani has been re-elected to a second term in office as Iran's president. Mr Rouhani was elected in 2013 with an emphatic margin of victory.
Ash die-back is now established and spreading within Britain.Researchers are hoping that genetics might yield the knowledge to fight back.A joint project by the John Innes Centre, the Genome Analysis Centre and the Sainsbury Laboratory - all based in Norwich - has reached this milestone just two months after receiving the samples.The samples for the latest research came from so-called "tree 35", a strain of ash from Denmark originally bred nearly 100 years ago, which has shown an ability to tolerate the fungal disease, when virtually all its Danish relatives were wiped out.But just planting this variety in the UK would leave us with a
Tom Stilwell fell from his neighbour's balcony in his apartment block in Auckland at 02:00 local time on Sunday (14:00 GMT on Saturday), reports said.He was trying to lower himself onto his balcony, which was directly below his neighbour s, when he fell, police said.His friends said that he had bone fractures and internal injuries, but was "fine" and "a very lucky man".He was awake and laughing on Monday, but had no recollection of what happened, his friends told New Zealand newsgroup Fairfax Media."He looks alright," his flatmate, Beth Goodwin, said. "It's
NHS Grampian was said to be "performing well" in a number of areas.
The announcement of the coaching changes at Surrey on the day of the Australia-Sri Lanka Champions Trophy game at The Oval.
Girlguiding UK found they needed a new vow that includes non-religious members and those who follow other faithsIt has been replaced with a new promise to "be true to myself and develop my beliefs".The new oath drops the reference to God for the first time since Guides began in 1910Brownies and Guides currently vow to "to love my God, to serve my Queen and my country".Chief Guide Gill Slocombe said: "Guiding believes in having one promise that is a clear statement
The matte black, almost featureless triangular aircraft is making its first public appearance, and the makers don't want people seeing too much of its advanced features.But this object - the rather awkwardly-named nEUROn - could be the future of combat aircraft.It's a big one!" says Eric Trappier, chief executive of French firm Dassault Aviation. "It's the size of a fighter, with a bomb bay."The aircraft has already done radar tests to assess its stealth capabilities, but a fully operational aircraft is unlikely to be ready until the end of the decade.The use of existing drones has
Guernsey are considering whether they can afford to enter the FA Cup this season.The club, founded in 2011, also want to play in the FA Trophy, and director Nigel Braybrook said: "They're very prestigious competitions and the players have earned the right to take part."
Sam Hopkins has signed for Leigh Centurions on a two-year deal, with the option of a third year, and will link up with the Super League club in November.
Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer are due to join an EDL march in Woolwich, where Drummer Lee Rigby was killed.The pair are prominent "anti-Islamisation" campaigners in the US.
James Comey will replace outgoing director Robert Mueller III, who is retiring on 4 September.Mr Comey is known for successfully opposing a warrantless wiretapping programme backed by other Bush aides.
Anthony's chain of food outlets included restaurants in the city's Corn Exchange building.
Physical education would be a core subject in schools in Wales, according to a report by the National Union of Teachers (NUT) and the National Physical Education Association of Wales (ATL Cymru). It would mean more time for sport, but unions worry too many core curriculum subjects could dilute their importanceThe Welsh government said it would consider the recommendation.
Ian Stewart Brady, who tortured and murdered five children, is still suffering from paranoid schizophrenia or another treatable disorder, a mental health tribunal at Ashworth Hospital in Merseyside has ruled.The decision means it would be appropriate for him to continue to receive medical treatment, and that it is necessary for his health and safety and for the protection of other persons that he should receive such treatment in hospital.The panel had one simple duty: to assess the patient's health and what would be clinically right for him.Terry Kilbride, the brother of Keith Bennett, said: "I don't believe he's going to kill himself
Co-operative housing schemes are little known in Wales, a study has found.The research was commissioned following the Welsh government's own decision to back such projects as a way to build affordable homes.
Leigh Halfpenny's five penalties saw the Lions lead 15-9 until five minutes from time.But Wallabies centre Adam Ashley-Cooper crashed over for the only try, and Christian Leali'ifano held his nerve to land the conversion.It was another riveting conclusion to a tourniquet-tight contest, but the Lions' hopes of a first series win in 16 years now hang in the balance.Australia showed tremendous courage to pull the game out of the fire, and it is they rather than the Lions who will now head to Sydney with momentum.
Prop 8 was approved by voters in 2008, months after California's supreme court decided such unions were legal.
Scottish Hydro-Electric Transmission Ltd, a division of energy giant SSE, submitted the "needs case" as part of the planning process for the cable.After assessing the case, energy regulator Ofgem has asked for further details to be submitted.The project has been hit by delays and a rise in costs to an estimated Â£780m.Islands local authority, Comhairle nan Eilean Siar, has said major renewable energy projects planned for the isles cannot go ahead without the cable.
Every owner of a gadget piloted via a touchscreen has spent time rubbing it with a tissue, a cloth or a sleeve gripped round the heel of the hand to banish those unsightly marks.It's not that human fingers are filthy. It's just that they are covered in a lot of oil and other residues that can get on them, and those smears can be a source of a wide range of microbes, but not much of an issue if you do not share it among other people - since, if you are the only one using it, it's only your germs, he told the BBC.
Crawley Town sign James Hurst from Icelandic side IBV. Crawley United have signed James Hurster from Icelandic club IBV on a one-year deal.
At least two missiles were fired by a US drone, targeting two houses and two vehicles, near Miranshah, the main town in North Waziristan
Too many pupils with symptoms of depression or anxiety are let down or ignored, claims charity MindFull.
The Cheshire TB Eradication Group has been set up after a rise in cases of the disease in the county from 30 in 2005 to 116 in 2012.
Labour leader Ed Miliband is expected to set out changes to limit union influence in candidate selection on Tuesday. Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said he is not going to be drawn into a dispute with the unions over the selection of candidates in the party's 2015 election candidate selection. Labour has referred allegations of union malpractice in the process to select a 2015 candidate in Falkirk to the police.
Castle MacLellan Foods will receive the support for its Kirkcudbright base from parent company Kavli.
A woman in Hanoi, Vietnam, who was admitted to hospital to have an eye operation, said she was told that she must give envelopes to thank the doctors and nurses for the treatment, and that was the rate for such an operation.The woman, who did not want to be identified, then gave an envelope containing 500,000 VND ($24, Â£16) to the medical staff at the provincial hospital, an amount that was more than two months of her income.The staff did not ask for it but she believed that by giving the envelope her son would receive better care.She is
Food Food price inflation was 4.9% in June, compared with 3.2% in May.
Spanish newspaper El Mundo says it has uncovered evidence that former Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments from a slush fund.Mr Rajoy is in custody facing trial for corruption and tax fraud.The allegations have caused anger among Spaniards already suffering a deep and long recession and biting austerity cuts.Spanish opposition leader Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba in February called on Mr Rajoy to resign.
Sir Elton has had to postpone a series of summer festival dates due to an appendix abscess.The singer told The Sun he had performed 10 concerts in "agony" on his European tour before he called in doctors.A spokesman said the diagnosis had been made "following a number o.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) is widely seen to have speeded up extradition proceedings in the EU, but there is also pressure to fix shortcomings in the system. The EAW was introduced in January 2004, and was prompted by the international anti-terror drive after the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US.The EAW operates EU-wide and replaced separate extradition arrangements between the EU member states.A national judicial authority, such as a court, can issue an EAW to get a suspect extradited. For an Eaw to be valid, the suspect must be accused of an offence incurring a maximum penalty of
Matt McKeown from Plymouth, south-west England, has created a super trolley with a motor and special wheels.
The actor, best-known for his role as caretaker Filch in the Harry Potter films, gave a "wonderfully touching and subtle performance".
The Liverpool Care Pathway (LCP) is an end-of-life care pathway that has been used in the care of dying patients at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital and the Marie Curie Palliative Care Institute since 2004.It can involve withdrawal of medication, food and fluids. It can mean an end to invasive tests, treatment or feeding through tubes that is deemed to cause unnecessary suffering.
A statue of Sekhemka valued at £2m was gifted to Northampton's museums by the 4th Marquis of Northampton in 1880
A man in his 70s, was found at a house in Little Gaddesden, near Berkhamsted, on Saturday afternoon
A fruit-seller in China has died after being hit with a weight from a set of scales by local law enforcers, state media reported. Deng Zhengjia, in his 50s, died on Wednesday in Chenzhou City, Hunan.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been barred from running in the Moscow mayoral election after he was found dead in the bathroom of his Berkshire home in March this year.Mr Navalny, who is a member of the opposition's alternative parliament, the Coordination Council, has been accused by the Russian government of being a "spoof" and a "traitor" to the country's political system. He is also co-author of a report accusing Mr Putin of leading Russia to ruin.Russian opposition leader Mikhail Khodorkovsky, the former head of the now defunct oil company, Yukos, was targeted when
Alexei Navalny was found guilty of embezzling timber worth 16m rubles ($500,000; Â£330,000) from the Kirovles state timber company while working as an adviser to the governor Nikita Belykh.The prosecution had asked for a six-year jail sentence, but judge Sergei Blinov decided on five years, and said there were no extenuating circumstances that would warrant keeping Navalny out of prison.The EU said the verdict posed "serious questions" about the state of Russian law.Other countries have also voiced their concern at the verdict.French
The minister for natural resources, Alun Davies, has announced he is withdrawing plans to create new marine protected areas in Wales.He said he would now look at the 125 existing protected areas to see if further improvements could be made.Creating the zones would mean a ban on fishing and anchoring in some areas and had brought opposition.
Lincolnshire's Lady Imps have announced plans to incorporate the ladies' team with the men's team at Notts County.
Julian Lewis Jones, Bangor-born star of TV sitcom Stella, was among the team which pulled the 6ft (2m) mako out of the water near Milford Haven.It is thought to be the first ever mako shark caught in Wales.An average mako will grow up to 10ft (3m) in length.Mako sharks swim in excess of 30mph and can weigh up to 300lbs (135kg).Jones - along with Andy Griffith, David Morris and Andrew Alsop - set off at 05:30 BST on Thursday for a day's fishing.
Cleethorpes Pier, which closed last year, is one of the UK's shortest piers.
Former Milan station chief Robert Lady has been released and had boarded a US-bound flight, US officials say. He was sentenced to nine years in jail for his role in the abduction of the cleric.
A team from Cardiff University has spent the last month excavating Caerau hill fort near Ely.It is smaller than its contemporaries at Pentyrch and Pontprennau.
Paris St-Germain sign Roma defender Marquinhos. Brazilian defender Marcelo has signed a five-year deal to join Paris St Germain from Roma for £3.9m.
A man has been injured in an explosion at China's Changsha International Airport after he detonated a package of gunpowder taken from fireworks, state media say.No-one else was hurt in the blast, which filled part of the Terminal 3 arrivals hall with smoke.An online microblog attributed to the man says the explosion was to protest at his ill-treatment by Chinese police.The blog suggests his lower body was paralyzed after he was alleged to have been heavily beaten by security agents in southern China in 2005.
Ultron is a rebellious artificial intelligence which creates an android that attacks the Avengers
At least 5,600 houses in the province's Zhangxian county are seriously damaged and 380 have collapsed, while some areas suffered from power cuts or mobile communications being disrupted, the earthquake administration said. At least five people have been killed and more than 200 injured in a series of aftershocks that hit a region near the epicentre of an earthquake in China's Gansu province, officials say.The first earthquake near Dingxi city had a magnitude of 5.98 and was shallow, with a depth of just 9.8 km (6 miles), the US Geological Survey said.Just over an hour later
Northern Ireland youngsters are the most likely to aspire to university, according to new figures from the University of Cambridge's University College of England and Wales (Ucas).There are "eye-catching regional variations in demand", says Ucas chief Mary Curnock Cook.The figures from Ucas, based on 20 million applications between 2004 and 2013, show sharp differences behind the overall upward trend.Youngsters from the richest areas are more than four times as likely to apply to the most selective universities than youngsters from the poorest areas.There are big geographical divides. In England, 42% of 18-year-olds in London
The baby was delivered at 16:24 BST at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, west London, weighing 8lb 6ozThe duke is based at RAF Valley on Anglesey, north Wales, where he and his wife share a cottageFlt Lt William Wales - who, as monarch, will one day be head of the armed forces - has spent recent years flying rescue missions, and qualified as a helicopter captain in 2012Here is what his colleagues had to say to him.
The Keep Military Museum in Dorchester plans to use the money to convert a bunker into an interactive experience.
The Royal Mint has struck 2,013 commemorative coins to mark the birth of Prince William and Kate Middleton's son.The mint in Llantrisant, Rhondda Cynon Taf, announced earlier this month that children who shared the birthday.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir has sacked all ministers and deputy ministers, as well as Vice-President Riek Machar.
Edward Snowden: Russian lawyer says he will not leave Moscow airport. A lawyer for Edward Snowden, the former CIA contractor who has been detained in Russia for leaking details of US surveillance programmes, has said his client will not yet be leaving the airport. Russian lawyer Anatoly Kucherena says he has not yet handed Edward Snowden the travel documents he needs to leave the airport.
HMSCumberland, HMS Campbeltown, HMS Chatham and HMS Cornwall are currently moored in Portsmouth Harbour
NHS Direct initially won 11 of the 46 regional contracts for the service, covering 34% of the population.It has already pulled out of two services, but now says the remaining nine are "financially unsustainable".The whole 111 service has been plagued with problems.The service is run by different organisations in each area, including private companies, ambulance trusts and NHS Direct - which ran the old telephone advice line.The Prime Minister and NHS England admit there have been problems introducing the service.However, many areas were not ready and only half of services were operational by May.There have also been problems with reports of callers not
The Gorkha Janamukti Morcha (GJM) is demanding a separate state for Nepali-speaking Gorkhas.A large number of paramilitary troops and police have been deployed to maintain peace in the hill region.Tourism and tea production will be worst hit by the strike.
Handball returns to the Copper Box at the Olympic Park. One year on, the first handball matches since the Olympic Games have taken place inside the venue - reborn as a sports centre for the community - and on its hallowed London 2012 floor tiles. Handball will be a regular feature here.
The Syrian army says it has taken control of the neighbourhood of Khalidiya in the Old City of Homs, one of the last rebel strongholds in the country.The announcement comes a month after troops launched an offensive to oust rebels from Syria's third largest city.The government has halted - if not quite turned around - a rebel advance on Damascus. Sources close to the regime say an offensive is also planned for the northern city of Aleppo.After Khalidiya, Syria conflict goes onIn pictures: Khalidiya devastationOn Monday, an unnamed army officer told Syrian state television: "Today, we can report having complete control of [...]
Michael D Higgins will ask the Council of State if the Protection of Life During Pregnancy Bill's legality should be tested by the Supreme Court.
Metformin is one of the most widely prescribed treatments for type-2 diabetes. It is also used to treat metabolic syndrome, a combination of diabetes, high blood pressure and obesity.Previous work has shown that metformin can extend the lifespan of simple organisms such as worms, but studies in flies and mammals have given conflicting evidence.
The Department of the States of Guernsey has issued a "call for sites" for development in the island.The department has stressed that no guarantees will be given as to where development can take place, but it wants to assess the potential.Islanders have until 17:00 BST on 13 September to submit applications.The information will help form the Strategic Land Use Plan.
Meilutyte clocked one minute 04.30 seconds in the 200m individual medley final.
The cold spring meant there were few reports of jellyfish before June.
Brian Krebs says the administrator of a Russian cybercrime forum hatched a plan to order heroin, arranged for it to be delivered to his home, then tipped off the police, making it look as if the call had come from a neighbour's house.Fortunately, Mr Krebs was already monitoring the website and saw the plot being planned in real time.He alerted the FBI and local police."I am little concerned", he told the BBC. "But then there are a lot of things people can do to upset you and get under your skin using a keyboard and few clicks of a mouse."This is just the latest example of a
One hectare of jatropha could capture up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year. This makes it competitive with other techniques, such as the more high tech carbon capture and storage (CCS).
Mining firm OM Manganese has been found guilty of desecrating a sacred site in Australia.
Mass for Eoghan Chada, 10, and his brother RuairÃ­, 5, was said in St Lazerian's Church, Ballinkillen, in County Carlow.
Bedfordshire police are considering replacing some of their stations with more accessible facilities in public areas.
A 12-week consultation on the scheme, worth up to £1,200 a child, has begun.The government says the overall scheme - set to replace the existing system of employer-supported childcare vouchers - will help 2.5 million families.It is aimed at getting more people back into jobs.The UK has some of the highest childcare costs in the world, with many people with two or more children saying it does not make financial sense for both parents to work.Critics have said the focus on work will penalise parents who stay at home to look after their children, or are unable to work because they act as
Roberto Soldado signs for Tottenham from Valencia. Tottenham have confirmed the signing of striker Roberto soldado from Valencia for a fee thought to be around £7m.
Slow-motion footage revealed the spiders used their silk draglines to stabilise their bodies and to brake.
The British embassy has emptied completely, with all remaining British staff leaving the country on Tuesday, while the US air force flew out American personnel.In the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, where the threat of attack is considered greatest, the UK, France and Germany have also shut their embassies.The British embassy is one of the most heavily fortified in the Middle East, with the US embassy in the capital, Washington, and the US consulate in the southern city of Aden also closing their doors for the first time in more than a decade.The threat of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) in Yemen is
An early copy of a Byzantine gold coin made in France has been found in Norfolk.
The £21.5m Castle Mill development at Port Meadow has been widely criticised as ugly and spoiling the view of Oxford's skyline.
Spain's state rail company Renfe says there was no record of communication from the train to the monitoring centre before the crash.
The Man From U.N.C.L.E.
"Golden Rice" has been developed by scientists to combat vitamin A deficiency, which affects millions of children in the developing world.
Gemma Arterton is in line to play the lead role of Rita in the West End musical Made in Dagenham.
Prince William has paid a visit to Anglesey to mark the end of his search and rescue tour of duty at RAF Valley.The Duke of Cambridge and his wife Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, have been on the island for the first time since the birth of their son, Prince George, on 22 July.He has been based at the air base since 2009 but is due to leave next month.He had been giving a speech at the island's annual agricultural show.The duke was greeted by a huge crowd of people as he arrived at the showground in Llanddaniel Fab, Llanelli, on
Unemploymentance in July fell more sharply, down by 29,000 to 1.4 millionThe unemployment rate remains at 7.8%, still well above the 7% rate target set by the Bank of EnglandThe Bank's governor, Mark Carney, says interest rates are unlikely to rise before that target is reachedThe ONS said the figures meant unemployment was "broadly unchanged" from the first three months of the yearThe number of people in work increased by 69,000 in the three months to June, up to 29.78 millionThat means 307,000 more people are in employment in the UK, compared with the same time last
Maria Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis, saying she has had enough of the physical demands of the sport.The 28-year-old Frenchwoman, ranked seventh in the world, said she was taking the decision with immediate effect because of persistent injuries.Bartoli, who beat Germany's Sabine Lisicki in the Wimbledon final in July, said her Achilles, shoulder, hip and lower back hurt continually when she plays.She made the tearful announcement at a media conference following defeat by Simona Halep at the Western and Southern Open.
Two 18-year-olds have appeared in court charged with child pornography and distribution of child pornography after Rehtaeh Parsons was severely bullied over a photo of her alleged rape by four boys, her mother has said.She was taken off life support after a suicide attempt in April.
Readingis confident he can be a regular in the team."In pre-season you come in and work hard and it is all geared up for that first game," he added."So it's disappointing (not being selected) but that is football.
Mole Valley Council will get Â£21m from the developer Barratt Homes if the proposals go ahead.
Christopher Lane, 22, was shot in the back in the town of Duncan on Friday.Police said one of the accused admitted Lane was killed for "the fun of it".Chancey Luna, 16, and James Edwards, 15, were charged with first-degree murder; Michael Dewayne Jones, 17, has been named as accessory to the crime.Lane, from Melbourne, had been visiting his girlfriend's family in Duncan. He was entering his final year at East Central University in the city of Ada, some 85 miles (137km) east of the town.
Children of Indian origin and those living in Northern Ireland were among the least physically active.
A new study has found that 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, including some living in areas not previously thought to be at risk.The arsenic is found naturally in the Earth's crust, but if it leaches into groundwater, long-term exposure can cause serious health risks.These include skin problems and cancers of the skin, lungs, bladder and kidney.The researchers used information about the geology of the country to predict the areas most likely to be affected by the poison.The report is published in the journal Science.
China's ruling Communist Party and military-run newspapers are mostly carrying Xinhua news agency's round-up on the first day of the trial tucked away on the inside pages and make no mention of the case on their front pages. China's leading state-backed newspapers are carrying fewer updates today from the Jinan court's official microblog, except video testimony from Mr Bo's estranged wife Gu Kailai about alleged payments received by the Bo family from tycoon Xu Ming.
Ovarian cancer is hard to detect in the earliest stages meaning it can be too late to treat them effectively by the time they are found.
Michael Vaughan and Devon Malcolm bowl at Hawk Green 1st XI from Marple. Michael Vaughan, joined by an England legends team including Malcolm, Neil Fairbrother and Adam Hollioake, takes on Hawk Green's finest.
Seagrass was deemed to be heading for extinction in this region before the otters returned.But scientists found that the animals triggered a chain reaction of events that boosted the water-dwelling plants.They theorised that sea otters were eating the crabs which prey upon small invertebrates in the water.The research is published in the journal, PNAS.The study was carried out in the Elkhorn Slough in Monterey Bay, California, which is part of one of the most polluted systems in the entire world, and it's all because of the sea otter numbers.Seagr
Dominic Elliott, 23, died in March after he was taken to hospital from the world-renowned artist's house in Bridlington, East Yorkshire.Mr Hockney was in bed asleep at the time and was "completely unaware" of what had happened, the inquest heard.The artist's former partner, John Fitzherbert, told the hearing he drove Mr Elliott to Scarborough Hospital in the early hours of the morning.He said he had not been well and he wanted to "shield him" from any "scandal involving drugs in his house".Asked about why Mr Elliott did what he did, Mr Fitzher
Three is the first network to abolish them altogether, albeit in selected countries, where it has sister networks
The proposed pump storage scheme is based on the same principle as Dinorwig's First Hydro plant in Llanberis.
George Verrier was treated by officers who were called to an altercation involving about 20 people in Bromley in the early hours of Sunday. He did not want to be taken to hospital, said police, but was found unconscious several hours later in nearby Ferndale.
Malala Yousafzai was attacked by Taliban gunmen on a school bus near her former home in Pakistan in OctoberShe was treated at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham and now lives in the cityShe said she was "honoured" to be part of the opening ceremonyShe added: "The content of a book holds the power of education and it is with this power that we can shape our future and change lives."There is no greater weapon than knowledge and no greater source of knowledge than the written word."It is my dream that one day, great buildings like this one will exist in every corner of the world so every
Aston Villa sign Poland striker Lukas Kozak. Aston Villa announce the signing of Poland international Lukas Kozak from Belgian side Genk.
Syria chemical attack: OPCW tests to be completed by mid to late next week. Dr Ralf Trapp believes the report will contain strong scientific evidence to help establish whether chemical weapons were involved in the alleged attack last in the agricultural belt Ghouta around the Syrian capital Damascus. A chemical weapons investigation into the alleged chemical attack in Syria is due to be complete by the end of next week, according to a former senior employee of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. A report is due by the UN to be published by the Organisation of chemical weapons experts in the coming days that will help establish the facts of
Final Frontier's cramped headquarters are testament to the very early stage of its business sector.It is based in a tiny studio in Brooklyn Navy Yard that can barely fit co-founders Ted Southern and Nikolay Moiseev, two assistants, and a few tables.Bits of fabric and plastic tubing litter almost every available surface.However, humble surroundings have not stopped the company from dreaming big about the future possibilities - and profits - of commercial space travel, which has already seen more than $1.4bn (Â£900m) of investment from companies including Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic.And that figure
Work is being carried out along the canal between Clydach and Ynysmeudwy. The Swansea Canal Society and Glandwr Cymru are carrying out work along the full length of the Swansea Canal. Work has been carried out on the canal from Swansea to Hen Neuadd in Powys.
Archery GB Paralympic gold medallist Katie Brown 'absolutely not' to switch to recurve. Katie Brown will not be able to add to the team title she won at the 2010 Commonwealth Games after archery was left out of the programme.
Rochus Misch was the last survivor from Hitler's bunker in Berlin.The former SS man had operated the telephones in the bunker and had proudly reminisced about his wartime duties for the "boss".He said he was on the telephone when Hitler killed himself, so did not hear the gunshots.But others in the room did hear them and Hitler's private secretary asked everyone to be silent and ordered that the door to the Fuehrer's room to be opened."I saw Hitler slumped with his head on the table. [Hitler's wife] Eva Braun was lying on the sofa, with her head
Glasgow's John Burns retained his WBC light-middleweight world title with a unanimous points win over Mexico's Juan Manuel Beltran.The three judges scored the 12-round bout 115-112 to Burns, 115-113 to Beltran and 114-114, which did not seem to reflect Beltran flooring Burns or his dislocating the champion's jaw.Brave Burns was constantly pushed back and landed heavily on occasion.The home fighter's recovery continued into the seventh as he made good use of a quick left jab, right-cross combination.But in the eighth round the champion was floored for the first
The music director of Baltimore Symphony Orchestra since 2007, and principal conductor of Brazil's Sao Paulo Symphony Orchestra, she has been hailed for her bold attempts to make classical music more inclusive, defying boundaries of class, age and gender. The day after conducting Britain's best-loved musical extravaganza in front of a crowd of more than 6,000, Alsop spoke to the BBC about the Proms, patriotism, and those pink balloons. You appeared visibly moved at last night's performance, was it what you expected?It exceeded my expectations. It was really emotional and very moving to be involved in such a
Mark By David SillitoArts Correspondent Mark Thompson has accused Lord Patten of making "unfair and untrue" claims not to have known about Mark Byford's payment.Mr Thompson - who is now chief executive of the New York Times newspaper - was one of seven senior BBC figures giving evidence to the Public Accounts Committee (PAC).He was asked about a £949,000 pay-off package given to former deputy director general Mr Byford.But Mr Thompson said he was paid almost twice that because the corporation wanted him to be "fully focused" on his job in the final months of his tenure and not "w
George Osborne says UK economy is turning a corner. Chancellor George Osborne has said the economy is "turning a corner" in the wake of the collapse of the UK's economy, but warned that many tough decisions still need to be taken and that "the only sustainable path to prosperity is to reject the old quick fixes and stick to the course we have set".Mr Osborne said: "The economic collapse was even worse than we thought. Repairing it will take even longer than we hoped."But we held our nerve when many told us to abandon our plan. And as a result, thanks to the efforts and sacrifices of
Jaguar Jaguar Land Rover has announced that it will invest £1.5bn in the UK over the next three years.The money will be spent on designing systems to allow the chassis of future models to be made out of aluminium.The first of these models will be a new mid-sized sports saloon car to be introduced in 2015.The announcement was made at the Frankfurt motor show by JLR chief executive Ralf Speth.Jaguar Land Rover is a business driven by design, technology and innovation and this investment and level of job creation is yet further evidence of our commitment to advancing the capability of the UK automotive sector and
Good Friday charity open day proposal 'greedy and selfish'. Jockeys are worried about losing a rare rest day and the effect on their awards night, Paul Struthers says.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not be part of any UK military action in response to the suspected use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government.He said he understood and respected the House of Commons' recent decision to vote against military intervention, so the UK would not be involved in any military action.The wording of a joint US, French and UK resolution on Syria's chemical weapons is unlikely to be agreed on Tuesday, Whitehall sources have told the BBC.I am told that the wording is still very much a work in progressDiplomats from the three allies are said to be discussing the questions of "what
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to create an extra 1,700 jobs at its base in Solihull - on top of 800 created in January.
Tesco to sell US food chain Fresh & Easy to Yucaipa. Tesco has agreed to sell its loss-making US fast food chain to a private equity firm, which is focused on supermaket and restaurant businesses.
Reading for pleasure was more important to a child's development than how educated their parents were, a study has found.The researchers concluded a wide vocabulary helped children absorb information across the curriculum.The study, by the Institute of Education, London University, examined the reading habits of 6,000 children.
Prince William's last shift at RAF Valley was on Tuesday.It has been reported he could return to his regiment in London, the Household Cavalry's Blues and Royals, which would allow him to carry out more royal engagements in support of The Queen.
China's behaviour was "very worrisome" for foreign companies, according to a former journalist who has lived in the country for more than 25 years.The government is resorting to its traditional "toolbox" of coercive methods, he argues, including.
Bath v Leicester: Centenary of the first meeting between the two sides. This weekend's match is the centenary of Bath's first meeting with Leicester, and there is no doubt which club is in the ascendancy at the moment.
It's hard to tell which blow took us more by surprise, the first ever positive steroids test in the history of Scottish rugby, or the fact that and think it's unfair that so many Scottish, Welsh and Irish teams qualify for the Heineken Cup from a league without relegation.But let's start with  to bulk up and get on in rugby, and leave the Heinken Cup for another day.The public statement made by Sam Chalmers, son of one of our finest ever players Craig, is that he is sorry and that he got the stuff off the internet. It has shades of the convenient "lone
Alzheimer's disease: New technology could lead to new ways of diagnosing the condition. Researchers in Japan have developed a new way of detecting a protein called tau in the brain that is closely linked to Alzheimer's. A new technology could help diagnose Alzheimer's, according to researchers in Japan.The technology, reported in the journal Neuron, can identify inside a living brain.
There will be no award in second place category and the third place category award will go to the contender scoring highest after the two in the tie.• A tie in the public vote amongst two contenders obtaining the highest number of votes, the award will be shared amongst those two.• In the event of a tied vote, the chairperson's decision (Director, BBC Sport) will be binding.
Blackberry has announced the launch of the Z30, a 5in (12.7cm) smartphone that it says should last more than two days between charges.It is the first product to be released by the Canadian company since it announced last month that it was considering putting itself up for sale.Some analysts have suggested a deal could result in its handset division being shut down.They say the company's patents, software and cash reserves could make it worth about $5bn (Â£3.1bn) and any suitor might wish to do a deal in which they did not have to acquire it.
Russia, France, and the US - the largest donor in monetary terms - should all be giving more.Kuwait, Luxembourg, Denmark, Saudi Arabia and the UK lead the list of those donating sufficient money
Valerie Cadogan was cycling with her husband when she struck the 25cm (10in) wide, 11cm (4in) pothole and hit her head, Newport Coroner's Court heard.
Former Peruvian president Alberto Fujimori has announced plans to use social media to share his thoughts and memories while serving a 25-year prison sentence for human rights violations.The social media accounts would be managed by a group of supporters.The 75-year-old governed Peru for a decade before being impeached and fleeing the country in 2000.
Artful is due to be launched early next year for further tests.
Brazilian rancher Vitalmiro Bastos Moura has been tried for Dorothy Stang's 2005 death after previous convictions were overturned. A judge in Brazil has sentenced a rancher to 30 years in prison for the murder of a woman who campaigned for 30 years to save rainforest.
Francesco Totti is 47 goals away from becoming Serie A's all-time leading goalscorer.The Roma forward, who turns 37 next week, has played over 500 games since joining his hometown club as a teenager.Totti has scored 228 goals for Roma, putting him second on the list of leading Serie A goalscorers.He played a key role in Roma's 2000-01 title win and also helped them to six runners-up spots between 2002 and 2010.And the five-time Italian Footballer of the Year, whose new deal runs until the end of the 2015-16 season, has started all three matches
The mead of the past was often sweet, and didn't appeal to many drinkers who were just looking for something good to pair with food. But mead has since changed."People don't realise that just because it has honey in it, [mead] doesn't need to be sweet," says Ms Rowe, citing the proliferation of not only dry meads but also meads flavoured with fruits, herbs, and spicy peppers.Technically, mead is classified as wine by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, which regulates alcohol sales and labelling in the US.But there's a lot of
America's Cup 2013: Team New Zealand beat Oracle Team USA 9-8 to retain the trophy. Sir Ben Ainslie's New Zealand team beat Oracle to win the 35th edition of the America s Cup in San Francisco by 44 seconds in the final race of the 2013 competition.The Kiwis, led by skipper Dean Barker, came within two minutes of glory in race 13 in uncharacteristic light winds before organisers abandoned the race because the 40-minute time limit had elapsed.The US syndicate first won the Cup in 2010, when they beat holders Alinghi of Switzerland in a one-off match
Police issued an alert after a complaint was made that two men were acting suspiciously near secondary schools in Carrickfergus.
The shutdown - the first for 17 years - has left more than 700,000 employees on unpaid leave since 1 October and closed national parks, tourist sites, government websites, office buildings, and more.Most of the department's staff have been sent home.However, about half of the defence department's 800,000 civilian employees stopped work at the beginning of the shutdown - with the exception of those engaged in activities that "provide for the national security".But on 5 October, the department said it would recall nearly all of these workers.Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel said the decision was based on an interpretation of the
Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury, the first member of the Bangladesh National Party (BNP) to be tried by the court, was found guilty of nine out of 23 charges.Chowdhury is the first of those accused of collaborating with Pakistani forces who attempted to stop East Pakistan (as Bangladesh was then) from becoming an independent country.The BNP and his lawyers argue that the trial was politically motivated.But human rights groups and the BNP have both said that the tribunal fell short of international standards.Key defendantsArticle that changed historyScars of war 40 years onBangladesh confronts war crimesIn a
US President Barack Obama has opened the nation's health insurance marketplaces for the first time in more than three years, saying it will be "life changing" for the "15% of Americans who don't have health insurance". The US government shut non-essential services, keeping more than 700,000 workers at home, when the Democrats refused to agree to Republican demands to repeal the health law or delay the individual mandate.
The ShakerScope is a light source which can be quickly adapted to look in people's eyes, ears and throats.It is a powerful moveable magnet, surrounded by a coil of wire.As noted by Michael Faraday in 1831, as the magnet moves over the wire the magnetic field induces an electric current in the coil.The device is one of many frug-functioning devices recently showcased at the Institution of Mechanical Engineers in the UK.It has already been tested in military hospitals in Afghanistan, in Uganda and after the earthquake in Haiti in 2010."In Haiti we saw a lady with a neck injury who
Hyundai said affected employees who currently own its vehicles will be given a payment relief.
US universities are still the most dominant international force in the Times Higher Education rankings.In top place, as last year, is the California Institute of Technology.In the UK there are concerns that, outside Oxford, Cambridge and London colleges, many major universities are slipping.
A review from the International Programme on the State of the Ocean (IPSO), warns that the oceans are facing multiple threats.They are being heated by climate change, turned slowly less alkaline by absorbing CO2, and suffering from overfishing and pollution.The report warns that dead zones formed by fertiliser run-off are a problem. It says conditions are ripe for the sort of mass extinction event that has afflicted the oceans in the past.It says the cocktail of threats facing the ocean is more powerful than the individual problems themselves.Coral reefs, for instance, are suffering from the higher temperatures and the effects of acid
The Gambia has withdrawn its membership of the British Commonwealth, the country's government has said.The withdrawal was announced on state TV but no other reasons were given.The country, which has a population of less than two million, has been a member of the Commonwealth since 1975.The Gambia is the only African country to have ever left the Commonwealth. The country was admitted in 2009 after applying for membership the previous year.
Hastings Pier is being rebuilt with £14m of money raised mainly through the Heritage Lottery Fund.It is now hoped a further £300,000 can be raised by selling 3,000 shares for £100 each.The charity behind the restoration said investors would have a say in the pier's future.Simon Opie, CEO of the Hastings Pier Charity, said the shares were important
Instagram was bought by Facebook for $1bn (Â£619m), but has never made a profitThe company, which now has 150 million users, has been a favourite among consumers but has long left analysts wondering how it could turn enthusiasm among photographers into a business modelEarly efforts by Instagram to generate revenue were met with user backlash, such as when the company changed the terms of service to seemingly indicate that it would own user images and could sell those images to advertisersThe failure of this move was acknowledged in the company's posting."As always, you own your own photos and videos. The introduction of advertising won't change this,"
Shrewton and Orcheston residents say their lanes have become "rat runs" for drivers avoiding congestion on the A303.
The Taliban have tried to stop women and girls getting an education in Swat.
The BBC has announced that 11 episodes of Doctor Who have been recovered from the archives of the BBC in Nigeria.It is thought to be the largest haul of missing episodes recovered in the last three decades.The BBC destroyed many of the sci-fi drama's original transmission tapes in the 1960s and 1970s.However, many episodes were transferred on to film for sale to foreign broadcasters. It is often these prints found in other countries that are the source of retrieved episodes.In this case, 11 Doctor Who episodes were discovered, nine of which were missing, in the Nigerian city of JosThe find was made by Philip Morris
The Immigration Bill would force private landlords to quiz tenants about their immigration status and restrict access to bank accounts for people in the country without permission. It also aims to streamline the appeals process in immigration cases.
Edward Snowden was granted asylum in Russia in August after weeks spent in a transit zone at Moscow airport when the US revoked his travel documents.The 30-year-old leaked many thousands of US intelligence documents. The information, published in The Guardian and Washington Post newspapers, revealed extensive internet and phone surveillance by both US and British intelligence.In the US, Edward Snowden faces charges of theft of government property, unauthorised communication of national defence information and wilful communication of classified intelligence.Each of the charges carries a maximum 10-year prison sentence.
Northern Ireland lose 2-0 to Azerbaijan. Huddersfield striker Steve Paterson says Northern Ireland have to work harder as a unit to turn results around.
Kenya's $5m prize for leadership. The African Leadership Prize is supposed to be awarded each year to an elected leader who governed well, raised living standards and left office.
Older People's Commissioner for Wales Sarah Rochira will call on pensioners and their friends and families to hear their experiences of residential care.
Avon's Parisian office says only current orders will be guaranteed and it is unsure if its self-employed representatives will be able to get supplies after the end of October.
Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi is due to begin serving his sentence this week, but bureaucratic delays in the Italian judiciary mean that no decision will be made by the authorities for at least six months as to how he is to pay off his debt to society.The media mogul can propose what organisation he would like to join, but there is no guarantee that he will be assigned to the charity or the soup kitchen of his choice.Ordinary criminals can be assigned by the courts to work in centres for drug addicts, or soup kitchens for the homeless, or looking after the elderly.
Cyber-bullying has been highlighted in the media in recent months after the death of 14-year-old Hannah Smith, from Leicestershire.She killed herself, according to her family, because she was bullied on the social networking site ask.fm.
The university said the new machine would allow academics to work on more projects at faster speeds.Pro vice-chancellor Prof Philip Nelson said: "Staying ahead of the game in high performance computing [HPC] is vital to help the university stay competitive."
Image caption The clawed spider-like fossil shows clear evidence of a brain and of nerve cords running through the creature's trunk The fossil was discovered in South China and is part of the genus Alalcomenaeus. It was placed in a CT scanner and compared with other arthropods in order to understand its evolution. The team then used 3D software to see structures not visible on the surface of the fossil.
Compared with other European countries, many apprenticeships are low quality and too short, the Sutton Trust warns.
Cardiff Bay will become the venue for a world music Showcase Festival featuring a tapas of world music from around the worldFolk music played a large part in this year's opening ceremony featuring Cerys Matthews and other leading Welsh musicians taking the audience on a journey of Welsh music and culture spanning 30,000 yearsWe asked ten of the leading exponents of Wales' folk music to share songs that best represent what makes each tradition so uniqueThe earliest surviving manuscript of harp music in Europe - the manuscript of Robert ap Huw, comes from Wales."The tablature of the Ap Huw manuscripts provide a vital insight into early, traditional
Paul Downton replaces Hugh Morris, who quit to take up the dual role of chief executive and managing director at County Championship side Glamorgan
The audit found no evidence of fraudulent activity, but its chairman said it would take all the steps recommended to put things right.
JP Morgan could pay $13bn fine over mortgage-backed securities. The fine relates to the sale of securities based on home loans, which led to the near collapse of the banking system in 2007.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the village of Timperley.The character with a huge papier mache head was the alter-ego of musician and comedian Chris Sievey, who died in 2010.Fans raised Â£60,000 for the tribute which was made in a Czech foundry.Hundreds of people attended an unveiling ceremony earlier, many in fancy dress for the occasion.Neil Taylor, who helped raise the donations for the statue, said its installation would mean that "Frank will gaze on the Timperley sunset forever".He said: "You either got the humour or you didn
The footage emerged as the Kenyan authorities announced they had recovered the body of what they consider to be a fourth attacker.DNA and other investigations will confirm their identities. We have also recovered four AK47 assault rifles which we know were used by the terrorists in the assault.
Foreign visitors to the UK are not entitled to free NHS care, according to a report by the Department of Health.Foreign visitors who have temporary or permanent permission to live in the UK but do not have permission to do so are not allowed to get free NHS treatment. Foreign visitors who do have the right to stay in the country but are not granted permission to come to the country for medical treatment are not given free care. Foreign nationals who do not get permission to visit the UK for medical care are not eligible to get NHS care.
A Venezuelan military jet has shot down a drug-trafficking plane after it allegedly tried to land on an illegal airstrip in the country's jungle.
India's Kudankalum nuclear power station has started operations, the government says.The plant is one of many that India hopes to build as part of its aim of generating 63,000 MW of nuclear power by 2032.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says he will not stand as a candidate in 2015 election. Fifa's vice-president Jeffrey Webb says he is not interested in becoming the next president of the world governing body.
L/Cpl Brynin was shot while on patrol in Helmand Province on 15 October.
LeMond is the only American winner of the Tour after Armstrong was stripped of his seven titles in 2012 for systematic doping.
A vertebral S-curve gives a swan its shapely neck.The biggest elephants weigh around six or seven tonnes," said Dr Bill Sellers, of the University of Manchester, who led the digital robot study."So Argentinosaurus was at least 10 times bigger than the biggest elephant."As you get bigger your weight goes up by the cube of your height, but the force your muscles can generate only goes up to the square, so your strength-to-weight ratio gets much worse."As with many dinosaurs, the reconstructions of this giant are based on a relatively limited fossilised jigsaw. For
Syria's chemical weapons declaration submitted three days ahead of schedule. The international chemical weapons watchdog says it has submitted a declaration that Syria has declared its chemical weapons arsenal.
Universities and Colleges Employers Association (UCEA), which represents the universities as employers, has expressed disappointment at the rejection of the offer.
A telephone bidder, who wanted to remain anonymous, was the successful buyer after a "bidding war".
Pupils will begin studying the new courses in English language, English literature and maths from the autumn of 2015. And about 20 other popular GCSE subjects will be revamped in the same way, ready for teaching a year later, in 2016, with the first exams for those taken in 2018.
The life-size artwork shows the legendary former umpire raising his index finger to indicate a batsman is outDickie Bird's statue has become a magnet for revellers who have hung condoms and pants from itThe statue, in his hometown of Barnsley, has been spotted removing the items himself, said he did not mind his statue being treated in this wayThe sculpture has been raised to make it harder to reach the statue's fingerOther items to have been hung from it have included pumpkins and chip boxes
Diwali celebrations in Leicester. The annual Leicester event, which culminates in a large firework display in nearby Cossington Street Recreation Ground, is thought to be one of the largest in the world.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is not including the scheme in a planned regional rollout of initiatives to reduce car journeys.Since its launch in September 2010 the bikes have been hired 2,270 times - a daily average of about two rentals.The scheme was set up to encourage people to get "out of their cars and onto their bicycles".It provides bikes free of charge to subscribers at 11 locations across the town.It is based on similar schemes in Paris, Barcelona, Stockholm and one in London which clocked up one million journeys in its first 10 weeks.After 10 weeks they averaged about 20-a-week, with
It was the famous Fairfield yard which took the Upper Clyde to great heights and worldwide prominence.The yard was founded in 1864 by William Elder, a talented marine engineer who developed the compound engine which transformed shipbuilding by allowing vessels to use fuel more efficiently and travel further.Under William Pearce from 1888, the company flourished, building luxurious ocean liners, steamers and naval ships.
Sab Sabah Saleem, 11, and three-year-old Rayhan were hit by a car driven by Mohammed Khalil Anwar on Brudenell Road in August 2012
A deeper understanding of Alzheimer's disease is emerging by looking for differences in the DNA of people with and without the disease.
The Observatory said it had been a suicide car bomb and that the intelligence branch chief was among those killed.
Liverpool City Council has rejected calls for the authority to ignore government spending targets and set an illegal budget.The council has to save £156m over the next three years, on top of £173m worth of cuts over the last three years.
Japan 2019 Rugby World Cup: Japan 2019 World Cup Organising Committee. Japan's rugby union is looking for a similar breakthrough into the national consciousness, when its World Cup is hosted by Japan in 2019.
Holyrood MSPs have backed the Marriage and Civil Partnership Bill, which would allow same-sex couples in Scotland to enter into civil partnerships.But some members were either not convinced by the bill, or had concerns that it lacked adequate protections.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal) heads home a cross from João Moutinho to give Portugal a 1-0 win over Sweden in the first leg of their European World Cup qualification play-off at Solna's Friends Arena. Ronaldo celebrates with his team-mates after scoring the opening goal of the game. Cristiano  Ronaldo   (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Ronaldo scores his first goal for Portugal in the second half of the Champions League group stage.
The BBC's Ibrahim Mohamed Adan in Mogadishu says a loud explosion was heard in the city's administrative centre just before 20:00 local time (17:00 GMT).Witnesses told the BBC there were actually two explosions; the car bomb detonated after a smaller device planted in a laptop computer went off inside the hotel's reception area.A police officer told AFP news agency that he could see "several burning cars, dead and injured people on the ground" following the attack.Our reporter says witnesses nearby told him they could see the wreckage of a car burning outside the hotel.Senior police officer Farah Aden
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War One veteran who served in the Royal Air Force (RAF) who died on Armistice Day in Lancashire.The funeral was held at Lytham Park Crematorium at 11:00 GMT on Monday.The service was attended by hundreds of people, including members of the public, armed forces personnel, charities and the RAF Association Leyland branch. The funeral home organising the service put an advert in a newspaper appealing for people to attend.The Reverend Alan Clark, who conducted the service, said: "We marvel at the power of the printed word
Jamaican anti-doping regime woefully short of standards: Dr Paul Wright. The head of the Jamaican Anti-Doping Commission (Jadco) says he is concerned Wada's intervention will not lead to the sweeping changes required to give the world confidence in Jamaican sport.
Thailand's Senate rejects amnesty bill for Thaksin Shinawatra. The Thai Senate has rejected a controversial amnesty bill that would have allowed former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatatra to return to Thailand without having to serve a jail sentence for human rights abuses.The amnesty would have applied to offences committed during the political turmoil after Thailand's 2006 coup.
In their strongest statement yet on the issue, scientists say acidification could increase by 170% by 2100.The report's co-author said acidification had already caused a 30% loss of species in some ocean ecosystems.The authors warn that the economic impact of the losses from aquaculture could be huge - the global cost of the decline in molluscs could be $130bn by 2100 if emissions of CO2 continue on their current pathway.Adding alkaline substances such as crushed limestone to the waters has been mooted as a potential way of mitigating the worst impacts of acidification.But the latest research is
Serco, G4S, Atos and Capita, are making excessive profits from their Â£4bn of annual business with the public sector, the government's spending watchdog had to rely to a great extent on information volunteered to them by the four. Which seems something of a lacuna, given that a huge.
Margo MacDonald's Assisted suicide Bill is launched a day after opponents of assisted dying from across Europe met to speak out against the move.The Scottish government has said it does not support a change in the law.And it is still unclear whether there is majority backing for the measure among MSPs.The bill's strongest critics have said it could see Scotland becoming a "suicide tourism" destination, along with other countries where the practice is legal, such as Switzerland.There have also been concerns it could fail to safeguard frail, elderly people.But Ms MacDonald said she hoped high-profile cases such as that of
Venera Minakhmetova died when she was struck by lorry at Bow Roundabout, on Wednesday.
Indonesia's president has accused Australia of spying on his mobile phone, saying it was a "hurtful action" and that Australia had "belittled" the row.The allegations published by Australian media came from documents leaked by whistleblower Edward Snowden.The alleged spying took place in 2009, under the previous government.Australia and Indonesia are key allies and trading partners.Australia requires Indonesia's co-operation on asylum, as many asylum seekers travel via Indonesia to Australia by boat, but there are tensions on the issue.Earlier this month, Indonesia declined an Australian request to receive a boat of asylum seekers whose vessel, bound for Australia
Two hundred and sixty people have already been convicted.
Luk Lukasz Slaboszewski, Kevin Lee and John Chapman were found in ditches 10 miles (16km) apart in Newborough and Thorney.Joanna Dennehy, 31, of Bifield, Orton Goldhay, Peterborough, pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey earlier.She also admitted "preventing the lawful and decent burial" of all three.
Noir Desir frontman Bertrand Cantat, 49, has been overshadowed by fresh allegations over the suicide of another woman in his life. Kristina Rady, a respected Hungarian arts director and Cantat's wife, hanged herself in 2010 - two-and-a-half years after the singer's release from jail for killing the actress Marie Trintignant in Lithuania.In a telephone message to her parents left six months earlier, Rady spoke of the psychological and physical violence to which she said Cantat was subjecting her.She said that "a series of events worse than those of 2003" was taking place; that on
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the NSA spying scandal is putting EU-US trade talks to the test. Germany's chancellor Angela Merkel has said she is "gravely concerned" about allegations of spying by the US spy agency on her mobile phone and EU offices.
A mother has lodged a complaint about the image describing it as racist.Edinburgh City Council said it understands the offensiveness of the image but said it does not reflect the attitudes of the school.
Brian O'Driscoll to line up in midfield against All Blacks. Ireland captain Brian O’Gara will equal Ronan O Gara s all-time Ireland caps record of 128 in Sunday  against the All Blacks at Twickenham.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic: Sweden skipper Ibrahimovic may not have another chance to play in World Cup finals. Sweden's Ibrahimovic scored twice against Portugal but Cristiano Ronaldo's hat-trick took his side through 4-2 on aggregate.
Patrick Smith, 35, is preparing for his first serious bike race at the International Para-cycling Cup, a three-day event which starts in Newport, Wales, on Friday.He was born with both feet facing backwards, and had bones repeatedly broken and reset to correct the problem as a child.Still, he grew up to "fall in love" with karate.By the age of 15, he was competing internationally as a British karate junior.Then a mystery neck injury, a constant pain thought to have been brought on by overtraining, ultimately forced him to give up bobsledding.When injury
Telford and Wrekin Council believes the proposals for MoD Donnington could create up to 700 new jobs.
Father Alec Reid, 82, a member of the Redemptorist order, secretly acted as a conduit between the republican movement and the SDLP.He was one of the witnesses who confirmed the decommissioning of IRA weapons.In recent years, he was involved in talks with Basque nationalists seeking independence from Spain.In 1988, Fr Reid was pictured praying over the bodies of Army corporals Derek Wood and David Howes who had been dragged from their car, beaten and shot by the IRA.
Iran's nuclear activities in return for sanctions relief.The six-month interim deal agreed in Geneva prompted a fall in oil prices on markets on Monday.But Israel's prime minister has warned the agreement is a "historic mistake".On Monday Benjamin Netanyahu announced that an Israeli team led by national security adviser Yossi Cohen would travel […].
Chess boxing, according to the current Indian national champion in the senior 75-80kg category, Anurag Mathur, is balanced wonderfully between the mind and body.A former engineering student from Calcutta's Jadavpur University, he believes it takes some of the "mindless machismo out of boxing and the staidness out of chess". "It is this combination that attracted me to the sport. If promoted well, chess boxing can gain immense popularity in India," he adds.
The Dons have planning permission for a site at Loirston Loch
Mesothelioma is a fatal disease with average survival rates of about nine months after diagnosis.It is most prevalent among those who worked in industries with heavy exposure to asbestos up to the 1980s, including construction, shipbuilding, engineering and power generation.About 2,400 people die every year of the disease and numbers are set to increase over the next 30 years, with an estimated death toll of between 56,000 and 63,000.While some people have taken legal action to recover damages, many are deterred because of the stress involved. The speed with which the disease takes hold means many die before their cases are
Neenu Kewlani, who won the first Miss Wheelchair India contest in Mumbai in late November, says she hopes to see more rights for people with disabilities in the future.She says that her "rich and challenging" life has taken another positive turn after winning the contest."Polio made me wheelchair-bound early on in life but I never saw it as a disability and worked hard to be trained as a media professional like other normal people in the country."And winning the pageant is just another way of showing that disability cannot stop you from feeling and looking beautiful," the 41-year-old says.
The area around Green Park, which also has a large business park, is notorious for its long traffic queues
Raucous fans jumped up and down during an early first-quarter touchdown in the game.
The families of the victims of the alleged abuse and neglect investigated by Operation Jasmine will be given a full independent review of the case, Wales' First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.The families were left "frustrated" in their search for justice. The first minister has announced that a review will be carried out into the case of alleged neglect in six care homes in south Wales.The inquiry was launched in 2005 after Gladys Thomas, 84, was admitted to Newport's Royal Gwent Hospital after being given incorrect doses of medication.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi, his press service said.The talks covered various economic issues, the statement said, without elaborating.Mr Putin has been urging Ukraine to join Russia's customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Portugal 2-2 USA. Cristiano Ronaldo and Nani equalise in the 94th minute to send Portugal through to the last 16 of the World Cup, but Jermaine Jones' superb strike sees the USA through. Portugal's Nani scores the equaliser in stoppage time to give Portugal a point against the United States in the second round of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.Media playback is not supported on this device World Cup 2014: Nani heads in Ronaldo cross for equaliser for Portugal against USA
Bayern Munich 4-2 Manchester City. Manchester City come from behind to beat Bayern Munich and reach the last 16 of the Champions League.
A platoon of soldiers from the Yorkshire Regiment has been sentenced to jail for disobeying a lawful command in front of a battle group parade.The soldiers were in the 1st Battalion at the time of the protest.A court martial at the Brecon Beacons General Court Martial heard that the soldiers had been seething at the way they were being managed, and felt that they were "not appreciated".The soldiers complained of being "led by muppets", the court martial heard.The court heard a captain and sergeant apparently got drunk before a lengthy training march in the Breton Beacons last winter.The troops
Uruguay is set to become the first nation in the world to regulate the production, sale and consumption of cannabis after a new law was passed by the country's senate on Tuesday.For decades, smoking cannabis has been legal in this South American country.Seeing a group of youngsters sharing a joint in the park has become a familiar scene, but growing and buying the drug have remained illegal.But that is about to change.The country, which has a population of fewer than 3.5 million people, has so far been spared much of the drug-related violence that other Latin American countries have suffered from, but officials say it is time to
CanadaPostal service faces a projected 1bn Canadian dollar ($943m; Â£576m) loss by 2020 without "fundamental changes".
Crist Cristian Montano has been dismissed by Oldham Athletic.We've made the decision and we believe that's the right decision for our fans and the football club.I just hope that people realise we've acted positively, and not hastily may I add.
Mart Martyn Irvine has been voted BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
India has demanded an apology from the US over her alleged "humiliation".India has ordered a series of reprisals against the US.Security barricades around the US embassy in the city were removed and a visiting US delegation was snubbed by senior Indian politicians and officials.
Alan Turing pardoned. Alan Turing has been granted a royal pardon for his 1952 conviction for gross indecency following which he was chemically castrated. British computer scientist Alan Turing, who died in 1954 from cyanide poisoning and an inquest decided that he had committed suicide, has been pardoned by the British government. British mathematician Alan Turing is to be pardoned under the Royal Prerogative of Mercy after a request by Justice Minister Chris Grayling.Turing's work helped accelerate Allied efforts to read German Naval messages enciphered with the Enigma machine.He had been arrested after having an affair with a 19-year
Botanist Jamie Taggart, from Argyll and Bute, failed to return from a plant-hunting trip to the northern mountainous area.He has not been seen since 2 November, when his rucksack and passport were found at a guest house in Sapa.A large group from the national park will be doing an intensive search once the snow melts.A search due to begin on Tuesday will concentrate on four trails inside the forest of Lai Chau and Lao Cai, he said.Family and friends have issued an appeal for funds to help cover the cost of the search.Organisations
It is that time of the year again, when we take stock of the highs and lows of the last 12 months. From the perspective of a news reporter, there have been some stand-out moments. From my perspective as a journalist, 2013 has been a good year too, but there are many questions that have been left unanswered:  How could al-Shabab attack a mall in the middle of the capital without warning? 2013 was also the year US President Barack Obama returned to the continent.Six years after his last visit, I got the sense that some of the enthusiasm for the Obama phenomenon had waned
Neil Gaiman's The Ocean at the End of the Lane has won the National Book Award for the Book of the Year title.The graphic novelist said he was "amazed and thrilled" after winning the award for his novel The Ocean At The End Of The Lane.
In January, the loyalist campaign of protest against Belfast City Council's vote to limit the flying of the union flag to designated days only was still at its height.In a letter from his holiday home in Florida, Mr Robinson put on hold the executive's prestige Maze Peace Centre project. The decision infuriated Mr McGuinness and made for an awkward week in New York as the two politicians lobbied together for fresh investment, trying their best to hide their obvious disagreements.For the Ulster Unionists, the DUP decision to halt the Maze centre was a cause for celebration. They had campaigned against the centre as a potential "shrine
Philippine beauty pageants have been popular in the Philippines since they were brought to the country by the American colonial government in the first half of the 20th Century, says Jose Wendell Capili, an academic at the University of the Philippines in the capital, Manila. "I have been asked in my younger years to consider joining, and I just never felt ready or prepared," said Ms Seifert, who started working as a model at the age of 14 and later worked as a television presenter.But the moment finally arrived in 2009, after she had finished a nursing degree in New York.She was one of finalists
Mali: 1,000 French soldiers to remain in Mali until end of the year. France says it will leave most of its forces in Mali by the end of this year, but will remain in the country for as long as it takes.
Job roles would change when the paper system for car tax discs is scrapped in October.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer: Cardiff City's Cardiff City manager Ole Solskjær is a legend in Norway. Cardiff City are hoping to make a big impression on Ole Gerhardsson as he attempts to make an impact as a Premier League manager at Cardiff City. Cardiff's new manager Ole Geruldsson is hoping to build on his success as a manager at Molde. Cardiff are hoping Ole Geroldsson is a big impact on the Premier League as he tries to make his first managerial appointment at the club. Ole Gerlingsson is the former Manchester United and Molde manager Ole Gunner Solsk
Fixed-odds betting terminals: Labour's call for local authorities to be given new powers to restrict the growth of the machines defeated by 314 to 232 votes.
Nigel Nigel Farage, the former leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), has criticised the government's ban on EU citizens getting out-of-work benefits.He said the cost of migrants claiming in-work welfare payments, such as child benefit, housing benefit and tax credits, had not been factored in to the Government's calculations.And he said lower economic growth was a price worth paying for cutting immigration.But Mr Farage, whose party fought the last election on a policy of halting immigration for five years, said the government should go much further.Mr Cable, who has sought to distance himself from the net migration target in
Jeremy Paxman unintentionally created a media storm when he fronted Newsnight with a full beard on BBC Two last AugustHe also explained his reasons, saying: "I have grown a beard for the last few summers, and suddenly wondered whether I really needed to shave it off to present NewsnightUnless you're lucky enough to be Uncle Albert on Only Fools And Horses, Demis Roussos or Abu Hamza, the BBC is generally as pogonophobic as the late-lamented Albanian dictator, Enver HoxhaExpanding on his thesis, he told the Telegraph: "Beards promise freedomThey cover
Riyad Mahrez has joined Leicester City from Le Havre for an undisclosed fee.
Thomas Hitzlsperger is the most prominent footballer to publicly reveal his sexuality in German football. Thomas Hittersperger has become the first footballer in Germany to publicly come out as gay, the Bundesliga club says. Former Germany and Arsenal midfielder Thomas Hitslperger says he is coming out as a gay footballer. Former German and Arsenal player Thomas Hitschlpergers is the first prominent footballer in the Bundesliga to publicly announce he is gay.Former Germany and England defender Arne Friedrich, who played with him at Euro 2008, wrote: "Proud of you Thomas."
The emperor penguin is the most southerly of the Antarctic penguin species and the only one to breed on sea ice in the southern winter.The emperor penguins rely on these thin seasonal marine floes as a reproductive platform, coupled with concern about how the patterns of Antarctic sea ice could change in a warming world, has led to the species being designated as "near threatened" on the IUCN red list.Currently, the extent of winter sea ice is growing year by year, albeit slowly.The coverage does however vary considerably by region, and climate computer models indicate any gains will very likely be reversed later
A number of games have been developed to raise awareness of mental health conditions and treat them.Take a look at some of them.The game, Depression Quest, was developed in New Zealand and tested on hundreds of teenagers and children.Results published in the British Medical Journal showed it reduced the symptoms of depression and anxiety, and in some cases was more effective than traditional therapy.An American firm, Linked Wellness, is planning to release SPARX in the US later this year.This iPhone app claims its four simple tasks can help people suffering from stress, anxiety or depression to feel better.The developers say it is based
Darren Boyce joins Ballymena United on a 30-month deal from Coleraine on a free transfer.Darren Boyce signs for Ballymensa United after being put on the transfer list at Colraine last summer.
Patients on two wards at University Hospital Llandough are suffering from the illness, which can pass quickly from person to person
Thailand's anti-government protests continue in Bangkok, with more than 10,000 people taking to the streets to protest against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra's government.The government says it wants life to continue as normal through the shutdown and has ordered extra trains to run on the mass transit system and provided thousands of additional parking places outside the main rally site.But the protesters claim the Thaksin-allied parties' populist policies have created a flawed democracy.At least eight people have been killed since the protests began late last year.Thailand's election commission has called for the vote to be postponed to May.
Great Yarmouth beach clean-up expected to take several weeks. About seven miles (11km) of shoreline was affected by the flooding at Great Yarleston, Gorleston and from Scratby to North Denes.
Johnny Cash's unreleased album Out Among the Stars to be released in March. John Carter Cash says he wants to release a posthumous album by Johnny Cash, recorded for Columbia Records in 1981 and 1984.
Stephen Downing was convicted in 1974 for killing Wendy Sewell but that was overturned in 2002.The Home Office said it would send any new criminal evidence to the police.Evidence of police misconduct would be referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission, the Home Office added.
Pharmacy is the third largest health profession (in the health sector) after medicine and nursing Prof Robert Darracott
Britain's best combined Olympic and Paralympic performance in 20 years. UK Sport has set a target of seven medals at the Sochi Winter Olympics for Britain's winter sports team. Britain's Winter Olympics team could win as many as seven medals in Sochi, according to UK Sport.
They say the government is failing to promote back-to-nature schemes which protect lowland homes by deliberately creating floods in the hills.
Taiwan is leading a quiet, yet powerful movement that has turned traditional Buddhism on its head, converting many Buddhists such as Ms Hsiao into doers, not just believers.This is not how most people practice Buddhism in Chinese-speaking or even non-Chinese Buddhist societies. Their faith is usually self-focused: praying for protection in their current life and to be born into a better life after they die.But Taiwan is lagging behind other countries in the world in spreading Buddhism, but it is gaining ground in China and other parts of Asia.With growing pressure in their rapidly changing society, people in China are
Uganda President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign a bill banning same-sex marriage in Uganda.The president's eight-page letter to speaker Rebecca Kadaga said they could be "rescued" by improving the economy.He also disputed the view that homosexuality could be described as an "alternative sexual orientation"."You cannot call an abnormality an alternative orientation. It could be that the Western societies, on account of random breeding, have generated many abnormal people," he said.He said another reason women became lesbians was because of "sexual starvation" when they failed to marry, the Monitor reports.U
The EU will seek a mandate at the United Nations for such an operation, the diplomat said.
Arvind Kejriwal and his cabinet ministers have spent the night in the open in the heart of the capital and are now conducting daily business on the road.Police clashed with protesters who gathered to join on Tuesday.His anti-corruption Aam Aadmi Party caused a shock with its strong performance in recent state elections.His party has also condemned the police for their handling of other cases, such as the recent alleged gang-rape of a Danish woman in Delhi and the case of a woman who was reportedly killed over a demand for dowry by her in-laws.
BristolSport Ltd, which owns the football club, wants to replace two stands to increase capacityThe plan is an alternative to proposals to build a new stadium at nearby Ashton Vale, which has been delayed by an application for a town greenMajority shareholder Steve Lansdown confirmed the club would begin work at a shareholder meeting on TuesdayThe work was approved by Bristol City Council in NovemberMr Lansdown told the club's official website: "We'll sign the section 106 agreement any day now, and then we have six weeks to wait for the judicial review period."We wanted to give some certainty to supporters, so if we get through to March with
"We pay the farmers to grub up the trees and hedges; we pay them to plant the hills with pretty grass and sheep to maintain the chocolate box image, and then wonder why we've got floods," he said.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is considering an offer that would make him the highest paid player in the club's history.
A 12-year-old boy has been mauled by a crocodile while swimming with friends in a water hole in Kakadu National Park, in the Northern Territory.
The US military has condemned the release of 37 prisoners from Bagram jail in Afghanistan, saying they are "dangerous insurgents" who have "Afghan blood on their hands".
Peanut allergy is a particularly frightening food allergy, causing constant anxiety of a reaction from peanut traces.Peanuts are the most common cause of fatal allergic reactions to food.There is no treatment so the only option for patients is to avoid them completely, leading to a lifetime of checking every food label before a meal.The trial, at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, tried to train the children's immune systems to tolerate peanut protein.Every day they were given a peanut protein powder - starting off on a dose equivalent to one 70th of a peanut.The theory was that patients started at the extremely low dose, well
RBS chairman Philip Hampton said: "RBS did suffer more than most banks in the crisis and these charges today represent an extra clearing-up of the mess that was created in the bank in the run-up to the financial crisis of 2008."
Russian cosmonauts completed the attachment in a six-hour spacewalk on Monday.It followed an aborted installation attempt in December.On that occasion, there was a difficulty in getting telemetry through to Moscow mission control.In a statement on Tuesday, Urthecast confirmed that both cameras were passing data to the ground following the latest effort."During the installation, we were able to complete all of the intended tests during […].
Yemeni airline Yemenia has been banned from French airspace after a plane crashed in the Comoros last month.The French authorities say the Airbus A310, which set off from the Yemeni capital, should not have been allowed to fly, the AFP news agency reports.The crash caused anger amongst the Comorian community in France as people complained that the aircraft had been in poor condition.Several European countries had also found a number of problems when they inspected Yemenia aircraft prior to the crash.Officials from Yemen have previously said the plane had undergone a thorough inspection and conformed to international standards.
South African gymnast MacKenzie to return home. South African artistic gymnast Mackenzie will return home to become the first South African to go to the Olympics since 1956.
Carmarthenshire's Mark James and Pembrokeshire's Bryn Parry Jones had been given cash payments in lieu of employer pension contributions.Mr James was also unlawfully given an indemnity against potential libel costs.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce hits back at Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho after the Hammers recorded only their second clean sheet in 11 matches.
Booking.com and Expedia are two of the UK's largest online travel agents
The RSPB said it hoped to open the new sites at Snape and Hollesley in the spring.
A lot of people have said just leave it, but you can't leave a site like this.
The Prime Minister believes learning the Chinese language will help Britain do more business with China
Switzerland is not a member of the EU, but has adopted large sections of EU policy, including free movement and the Schengen open-borders agreement, in order to have access to Europe's single market.But its successful economy, and soaring unemployment in many eurozone countries, make Switzerland a very attractive destination.In 2013, 80,000 immigrants joined Switzerland's population of eight million.To put that in perspective, that would be the equivalent of more than 600,000 people entering the United Kingdom, or more than 800,000 arriving in Germany."It's getting too crowded," says farmer Martin Haab. "On the roads
White lions are very rare - their zoo keeper thinks there's only around 90 of them in existence.
There are many companies that will sell YouTube views, likes or comments for a feeMost videos have genuine views but the website wants to crack down on the small number that don't
The park will include a multi-sports arena, sporting events site and a dinghy park.
Syria is doing its best to comply with the timetable to destroy its chemical weapons.Syria missed Wednesday's deadline to hand over its entire stockpile.Mr Mekdad said a shipment of weapons came under attack twice on its way from Damascus to the port of Latakia."We shipped two shipments to the Syrian coast," he said. "The second shipment was intercepted by fire from terrorist groups."He added: "This is a serious business. Syria is in war, and the Americans and others have to take this into consideration."He described as "absolutely unacceptable" US Secretary of State John Kerry's recent condemnation of the government's use of barrel bombs
Russian President Vladimir Putin's chief adviser on Ukraine has accused the US of interfering in Ukraine's internal affairs.He said the US was training "rebels" with arms and training them to fight the opposition.The US embassy in Kiev declined to comment on Mr Glazyev's claims.
In: Leigh Griffiths, forward (Wolves, undisclosed); Stefan Johansen, midfielder (Stromgodset, £2m); Holmbert Aron Fridjonsson (Fram Reykjavic, £150,000).
Kenneth Bae, a Christian missionary who has been held in North Korea for 15 months, has been returned to a labour camp, US officials say. He was sentenced to 15 years' hard labour in May.
More than 165,000 people have signed a petition calling on the government to "cap" price rises in the school holidays.The issue will be debated by MPs later, but what solutions might help holidaymakers?
Catherine Seeley was subjected to the abuse after she was co-opted as a Sinn Féin councillor in Craigavon, County Armagh.She thanked pupils at the Boys' Model School in the loyalist Ballysillan area for their "full support".She said: "In the past few weeks, in my role as a teacher, I have been subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation."I have already expressed my warm thanks to all who have offered me support, including family, friends, colleagues, educationalists and politicians from various parties."I want to take this opportunity to publicly send a message
The popular game for mobile devices was removed from online stores on Sunday by its Vietnamese creator, who said its fame "ruins my simple life".
Syria peace talks start in Geneva. "We have to be stubborn and not lose hope about getting aid to the people in need." "There is no military solution to this crisis."
Pope Benedict XVI's resignation came as a surprise to many in the Catholic Church when he announced he was stepping down as the head of the world's most powerful institution.The former pontiff, who has been living in the Vatican for more than a year, was the first pope to step down in 600 years and the first to do so since the end of the 13th century.A second surprise was that after spending a short period of rest at the papal summer villa at Castelgandolfo, near Rome, he decided to take up residence again inside the walls of Vatican City where a former convent had
Media playback is unsupported on your device11 February 2014
The operation foiled a plan to smuggle drugs and weapons from South America to the port of Gioia Tauro in Calabria, officials said.
Shirley Temple Black, one of the most popular stars of the 1930s, has died at the age of 91. She was one of Hollywood's most popular children's stars.She died on Monday at home in Woodside, California, from natural causes.She was surrounded by her family and caregivers, a statement said.Born in 1928, Temple soon became a major star after getting her first film role at three. She was the youngest person to receive an Academy Award.She starred in a total of 43 feature films - but found it difficult to sustain her career in adulthood.
Scottish Prison Service to interfere with mobile phone signals. The Scottish Government has announced the installation of jamming equipment to disrupt the use of mobile phones by prisoners in Scottish prisons. Scotland's prisons minister, John MacAskill, has said the new technology will enable prison authorities to detect and prevent prisoners' use of contraband phones.
Strabroad so it can offer journeys between Aviemore and Grantown-on-Spey
More than 100 UK schools took part on the first News Day, making and broadcasting their own news.The stories covered included interviews with the main political party leaders, including prime minister Tony Blair, by five groups of 12 to 13-year-old schoolchildren.More than 24,000 children aged 11 to 16 contributed to a BBC School Report survey which gave a unique insight into.
British sliders have won medals at all six Olympics in which the sport has featured, and in Yarnold and Amy Williams, Team GB can boast back-to-back Olympic champions.Yarnold is also the World Cup champion and team-mate Shelley Rudman the reigning world champion.Rudman's Olympic silver medal at Turin in 2006 and Alex Coomber's breakthrough bronze in 2002 add to the medal haul, plus world championship and World Cup titles for Kristan Bromley in the men's event.So just how does Britain, without its own track, rule the skeleton scene?The sport evolved in the Swiss
Tom Finney, who played for Preston North End from 1950 to 1958, has passed away at the age of 82. Former England striker Tom Finneys was one of the greatest players England ever produced, according to former England captain Jimmy Armfield. Former Preston forward and manager of the England national team Tom "Finney" Finney has died aged 82. He was born in Preston, Lancashire, and played for the club from 1950 until 1958. He played in three World Cups between 1950 and 1958, and is joint sixth on England's all-time scoring list with 30 goals.
Members of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg blocked the entrance to the building at Llandudno Junction at about 06:30 GMT.North Wales Police were called to the protest, which ended at midday.
Ukraine's parliament has voted to reduce the president's powers. It also approved laws which could see the release of jailed opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko.The deal follows hours of talks and months of demonstrations on the streets of Kiev and other cities.Dozens of protesters were killed by security forces on Thursday.The opposition leaders who signed the deal were booed and called traitors by a crowd in Independence Square, the focal point of the protests, the BBC's Gavin Hewitt reports from Kiev.The agreement was later signed by Mr Yanukovych and opposition leaders Vitali Klitschko, Arseniy Yatsenyuk and Ole
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has signed a five-and-a-half-year contract extension to keep him at Old Trafford until the summer of 2019. Wayne Rooney's new deal is worth around £250,000 a week in basic salary, but many people will be asking this weekend if the 28-year-old is really worth all that money.
Britain's winter sports to receive £13.4m boost for 2018 Olympics. UK Sport has announced a £13m boost in funding for the 2018 Winter Olympics as it looks to boost its investment in winter sport. Britain will receive a boost in winter sports funding for 2018 after winning four medals at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, the governing body has announced.
The actress, 79, has age-related macular degeneration (AMD).The condition, which affects more than 600,000 people in the UK, is the cause of more than half of the registrations for blind and partially sighted people. Dame Judi Dench has revealed that she can no longer read a script and is unable to watch movies, but she has no plans to step away from the stage or the camera, calling retirement "the rudest word in my dictionary".
A judicial review has been ordered after Derby City Council approved a cycle track on a local nature reserve.The trust said the development would damage the habitat of rare birds.An interim order to stop work was issued last week and will remain in place until the judicial review.
Manchester United 2-0 Olympiakos. Manchester United are out of the Champions League after suffering their third defeat of the round of 16 in a chastening 3-0 home defeat by Olympiacos in the Europa League.
Ney Neymar: Barcelona make tax payment. Barcelona have made a tax payment of 13,550,830.56 euros in relation to the signing of Neymar.
Rohan Rhodes should have had blood tests on three occasions in the hours before he died at St Michael's Hospital in Bristol, coroner Maria Voisin said.A narrative conclusion was recorded at Flax Bourton Coroner's Court.
Russia's parliament is considering two bills that would allow a neighbouring state to accept part of its territory as a new "subject" of the Russian Federation.The bill would allow Ukrainians to apply for Russian passports at Russian diplomatic missions before 1 August, and they could become citizens after two months, instead of waiting a year, as is currently the norm.
The new law will come into force on 1 June, in time for the World Cup in Brazil.
The girl was forced into a dark-coloured vehicle, thought to be a Land Rover, and taken to an unknown location, believed to be outside the county of Hertfordshire
At least 130 people have been killed in a "premeditated, violent terrorist attack" at a train station in Kunming, China's official Xinhua news agency said.Four suspects were shot dead, one arrested and other are being sought Xinhua said.City officials said evidence implicated militants from the western region of Xinjiang, but this was not verified.Xinjiang is home to the Muslim Uighur minority group which has a long history of discord with Chinese authorities.State broadcaster CCTV said top security official Meng Jianzhu would travel to Kunming to oversee the handling of the investigation.Social media users in China posted
Pacaya volcano erupts in Guatemala. The volcano began spewing ash and lava after a powerful explosion on Saturday afternoon.
European gas stocks are at more than 60% of capacity, capable of satisfying 60 days of demand. However, a relatively mild winter has reduced demand for heating fuel, with storage levels at the main gas hubs about 20%.
Steve McQueen's drama will play at more than 1,000 locations in the US and Canada from Friday.
A303 dual carriageway must include protection for Stonehenge. A South West MP says any decision to turn part of the A303 into a dual road must include a tunnel.
The extra £4.2m will be paid directly to Welsh councils after they said more money was needed for the clean-up.Natural Resources Minister Alun Davies had already promised £3m to pay for emergency repairs.Most of the funding will be spent in Conwy, Denbighshire, Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire.Mr Davies said: "We know that the weather over recent months has been extreme and that coastal authorities particularly have been working hard to repair the damage and ensure that flood defences within their communities are sound."This additional £4."2m is in response to applications from
Scotland 1-0 Poland: Scott Brown scores only goal in Warsaw friendly. Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says victory over Poland will give his side confidence for the next couple of months. Scotland captain Scott Brown celebrates scoring the only goal of the game in Warsaw as the national side beat Poland in a friendly.
The Home Secretary Theresa May wrote to cabinet colleagues in December seeking approval to "reduce significantly" one type of stop and search, Newsnight has learned.She said she wanted to "raise the level of authorisation to a senior officer who must reasonably believe that violence 'will' take place (as opposed to'may')".She continued: "I expect this to reduce significantly the number of stops under section 60. This would be a massive message in the right direction."
Mesothelioma patients and their families will be able to apply for compensation from next month. The government has announced a £380m compensation fund for people who have been exposed to asbestos at work.
Late Kick Off East: Bedfordshire Hatters 14 points clear at the top of Conference Premier. Bedfordshire Town boss Mark Sweet says the Hatters have been a prime example of how difficult it is to come straight back up after dropping into the Conference.
A court in Nigeria has sentenced four Muslim men to 20 lashes after they were found guilty of homosexual offences.The men, aged between 20 and 22, were also ordered to pay a fine of $120 (Â£70) each, Dorothy Aken'Ova, a rights activist with the Nigeria-based International Centre for Reproductive Health and Sexual Rights, told the Associated Press news agency.Rights groups were trying to raise the money - otherwise, they will remain in prison, she said.Nigeria is a deeply conservative country, where most people - Christian and Muslim - are opposed to homosexuality.Same-
Manx beaches the cleanest in Europe.
Monitor Monitor said the probe into the Christie NHS Foundation Trust was over concerns about governance and was not over allegations relating to suspended chief executive Caroline Shaw.
The BBC said changing the law could lead to more people failing to pay.In 2012 about 155,000 were convicted and fined for not paying the £145.50 fee.
The way we work, play and live with robots is changing.
Sturgeon swam out of World of Water in Romsey, Hampshire when it was inundated by flood water in early February.But now staff at a car wash a mile from the centre have discovered him in a deep puddle.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood said she was not going to stifle debate on how to create jobs.
Team GB win six medals at IAAF World Indoor Championships. Britain's Emma Johnson-Thompson wins gold in the women's high jump after the second round, but France's Eloyse Lesueur pips her to the finish line. Britain won six medals in the final day of the IAAF world indoor championships, including gold in Britain's 4x400m team. Media playback is not supported on this device
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in a public place in Lincolnshire.The dog, believed to be an American pit bull, was seized by police and taken to a kennel.The woman was taken for treatment to Lincoln County Hospital.She has suffered quite devastating injuries. They are not described as life-threatening, but certainly life-changing.
Oscar Pistorius murder case: Pistorius trial begins in South Africa. The defence team worked tirelessly to disprove a finding by a decorated forensic expert in the South African Police Service (SAPS) that he thought Mr Pistorius had hit the door with the bat from a low angle, indicating he was not wearing his prosthetic legs.
The BBC has previously said "legislation is a matter for the government"The licence fee is currently £145.50 and has been frozen at that annual amount since 2010.
Mobile measurement firm RootMetrics conducted over 840,000 checks, ranking operators for reliability.
Reindeer eyes are sensitive to UV light, according to new research. The study, led by scientists from University College London and the Arctic University of Norway, found that the animals' avoidance of the power lines running across the Arctic tundra could be having a global impact on wildlife. The research found that reindeer's avoidance of power lines could be causing a global environmental impact.
The controversy over genetically modifying plants is riddled with contradictions.Take the European Union. Its internal politics have caused a logjam in approvals but the EU science budget is also funding some of Britain's research.Europe grows very few GM plants but most of its imported animal feed is genetically modified.It was America's agricultural giants whose hard sell of GM put off so many European consumers but it is also US science that provides the evidence, gathered over the past two decades, that supports the assurance that GM plants and food are safe.And while Britain's leading plant scientists appeal to the prime minister to help foster this new technology, its
The increase in would-be buyers was at its lowest point in almost a year during February, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors said.
In future a unified patent court will hear patent cases.There will be up to four divisional courts in the UK - but there were originally no plans.
A analysis of official figures suggests 80,716 new secondary places will be required then.The Department for Education says it has provided local authorities with the funding they need for new places.It added: "It is now up to them to spend this money efficiently and effectively."But the LGA said the crunch in primary schools meant that despite the creation of nearly 90,000 places in the past academic year, and the government committing £2.35bn in places funding for up to 2017, an extra 130,000 were needed before September 2017.
Cycling enthusiast Rad Wagon is recruiting people to knit 3,000 miniature "Tour jerseys" and wool-covered bicycle wheels.
Wickerman Festival: Dizzee Rascal to headline opening night. The Wickerman festival has revealed its line-up for the first time.
A man has been placed in an induced coma in hospital after he was found on the A66 in Middlesbrough with wounds to his groin.
Chiwetel Ejiofor and Thandie Newton.
Flood warning removed from A361 between East Lyng and Burrowbridge. The road has been inspected by council highways officers and reopened at 17:00 GMT.
Emily Slough launched a campaign after finding a photograph on Facebook of her feeding her daughter in Rugeley.
Ukraine's new government in Kiev has vowed to defend the country against Russian-backed separatists who have seized control of the Crimean peninsula.The referendum in Crimea is illegal and illegitimate and its outcome will not be recognised, the United States and the European Union have made it clear.But for anyone looking for compromise, the signs aren't good.There is a feeling here that as well as threatening Ukraine's security and territorial integrity, Russia wants to undermine the viability of the new government, and bring this country close to collapse.The real issue for Moscow may not be Crimea. It may be the long-term example that a west
Guangzhou's baby hatches have been closed to new babies since the scheme began in January.The centre, which also cares for orphans, has 1,000 beds. It is thought that many parents abandon ill babies because they fear they cannot afford the medical care required
GMTRichard Blake-Smith and his partner Anna beat Vytautas Kirkliauskas of Lithuania, carrying his wife, Neringa Kirliauskiene.
L'Wren Scott: Rolling Stones cancel Australian tour. The Rolling Stones have cancelled the first date of their Australian tour following the news of the death of US fashion designer L Wren Scott. Rolling Stones singer Sir Mick Jagger has said he is "heartbroken and in shock" by the news that his partner has died in an apparent suicide.Scott, who was 49, was found by her assistant 90 minutes after sending her a text message asking to come to her Manhattan apartment without specifying why, the Associated Press news agency reported.Police said there was no sign of foul play and no note was found.
Cancer Research UK said the number of females diagnosed with the disease had climbed 97% since 1975.Although more men still die from lung cancer there has been a 40% drop in the rate among males over the same period.
Teenie was found injured by her owner Sarah Nisbett in NiddryView, Winchburgh, at about 16:30 on Friday 14 March and taken to the Scottish SPCAThe charity said the one-year-old cat was "incredibly lucky" to surviveThe gun that was used must have some power because the pellet actually went through her back leg, that's why it was so badly damagedShe's now learning how to hop around the house, it's terribleThe fact that it was three shots is crazy. That just makes it worse because any of them could have been hit in the crossfireShe
Microsoft has admitted it read an anonymous blogger's emails in order to identify an employee it suspected of leaking information.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has banned Twitter, saying the social media site is being used by his enemies to attack him.The ban comes after a series of protests against Mr Erdogan's AK Party, which has been in power for more than a decade.The protests began over plans to develop Istanbul's Gezi Park into a new mosque and shopping centre, but escalated into national demonstrations against what opponents see as President Erdogan's growing authoritarianism.The anger which led to last year's protests flared up again recently, with the news of the death of a 15-year-old boy who had been in a coma since last June
Belfast mother-of-10 was taken by the IRA from her flat in December 1972Ivor Bell, 77, who was a senior leader in the Provisional IRA in the 1970s, was arrested at his home in Andersonstown on TuesdayHe has been charged with aiding and abetting murder and membership of the IRAHe is expected to appear in court on SaturdayThe Disappeared are those who were abducted, murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the TroublesThe IRA admitted in 1999 that it murdered and buried at secret locations nine of the DisappearedThe Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains was established in 1999 by a
A DNA sample from retired BT manager Barrie Richmond was able to identify his great-uncle Pte Richmond.He was the brother of my grandmother Ethel, who died aged 102 in 1988. He had enlisted as a soldier and served in India and Ireland before the war, leaving his wife, also ethel, and two daughters when he died."He was from Radford, Nottinghamshire, and married wife Ellen, but they had no children."We are surprised and amazed and excited - and humbled. We're going to the re-burial in October."We have found out so much about him. He was
At least 33 people have now been killed during weeks of protests over the high inflation and basic good shortages
Latvian veterans carry flowers to lay at the Freedom Monument, Latvia's symbol of national independence.They have come here to commemorate those who died defending Latvia against the Soviet Union in the war.But with Russian troops now in nearby Ukraine, many in the Baltics are alarmed that history may be about to repeat itself."If Ukraine falls, then Russian ambitions won't stop with this. I believe we will be next in Russia's list of actions," said one young man who had come to take part in the procession."It shows the attitude of Russia - how it goes into another country very easily and acts in an aggressive
Justice Minister Alan Shatter has been embroiled in a series of controversies during his tenure as justice minister in the Republic of Ireland.Mr Shatter, a lawyer, was put in charge of two government departments - justice and defence.But they are just some of the disputes he was involved in.The minister was taking part in a TV debate about alleged police corruption in the penalty points system, following claims officers inappropriately wiped points from the driving licences of often well-connected offenders.His opponent in the debate was the independent parliamentarian Mick Wallace who had made claims that sports stars, journalists and others appeared to have their driving penalties waived
Ed Sheeran gives his "whole wardrobe" to charity shops in Suffolk. Ed Sheeroan has donated his entire wardrobe to Suffolk charity shops.
"solves a 660-year-old mystery."
The police and the National Guard have lifted a curfew in the Venezuelan city of San Cristobal, the head of the country's armed forces has said.The police and National Guard said they had ended the curfew imposed by terrorists in the city, which has been under siege for more than two months.The government says "fascists" backed by foreign agents are behind the unrest, while the opposition accuses the security forces of using excessive force.
Powys council will be able to issue warning and banning orders against agents acting dishonestly or breaching estate agent laws.
Isle of Man cyclist Pete Kennaugh wins the Tour of Britain time trial to top the general classification by 12 seconds ahead of Team Sky team-mate Dario Cataldo.The victory is his first stage-race triumph of his professional career.Team Sky director Dan Frost said: "It was a perfect end to a perfect week for us.
BBC director of television, Danny Cohen, announced in February that "we're not going to have any more panel shows with no women on them".But in an interview with the TV Times, Toksvig said having more female hosts would be a better way of ensuring more women.
Gareth Benbow, 33, of Inverness, was accused of having a vendetta against Raigmore Hospital.
Team Brazil's best striker Rodrigo Kelton, 14, was killed shortly before he was due to take part in the Street Child World Cup in Rio de Janeiro. A 14-year-old Brazilian teenager has been killed in the street after being shot at by members of a drug gang in retaliation for an alleged robbery several years ago. A teenage boy has been shot dead in the streets of Brazil's capital, Rio, after being part of the Brazilian team competing in the World Cup's final. "Rodrigo was the best player in the team," says Antonio Carlos da Silva, the outreach worker who first met Rodrigo living
There is a suspension bridge over the Volta River at Adomi which links the eastern part of Ghana to the rest of the country.When the motorway was opened in 1965 and for years afterwards, it was the pride and joy of the nation.Back in 2008, a survey showed that an average of 65,200 vehicles travelled on the road each day and I am certain this number has since doubled.It is fair to say that this did not come to anybody as a surprise - everybody saw it coming, there have been complaints on the radio, but there was no money to make proper repairs or undertake regular maintenance, or so we
The Reid Building sits facing Rennie Mackintosh's famous 1909 landmark.
Nick Bennett, group chief executive of Community Housing Cymru, will take over from Peter Tyndall.
Liverpool women academics, stylists and commentators are tired of the media's portrayal of women in the city, and the fight back has begun. Women in Liverpool are fed up with the way they are portrayed in the media during the Grand National and Ladies' Day, and they want to change the way the media portrays them. The media has been focusing on the image of women at the races for years, and it is something that Liverpool women are sick and tired of. Liverpool women have been fed up of the way their image is portrayed by the media in the press during the three-day Grand National in Aintree,
Gordon Bajnai's vision of Mr Orban's Hungary is a dark one of a countryFerenc Kumin looks out from his first-floor window in the south wing of the Hungarian parliament onto a very different Hungary.He is inordinately proud of the vast, newly landscaped square, of the new metro line under the city (begun by the liberals, completed by Fidesz) but above all by his government's record in office."Hungary is performing better!" is the message plastered on the country's buses, trams and roadside billboards for the past months - long before the election
There must have been an initial traumatic event involving a close brush with death or serious violence.There are then four criteria which must be present:"This has to impair day-to-day function," said Neil Greenberg, a defence professor of mental health at the King's College London.
ITV's The Only Way is Essex (Towie) has been "largely positive" for Brentwood, where it is set, but "everything has a shelf-life", the council leader saidLisa Bone, of Visit Essex, added: "If its bubble bursts we could be left with stereotypes, not economic benefits"A meeting is being held on Tuesday to discuss the town's "sustainability".The show Towie, now in its 11th series, features ordinary people appearing
3D printing is making an impact on education, with plans to put 3D printers into schools in the United Kingdom and the United States.These technologies hold massive potential for young people both in and out of school.But there are still the usual barriers - access, funding, teacher awareness and confidence.However, many learners are getting 3D design whether or not their schools are ready.One of the most illuminating advocates is a 14-year-old schoolgirl from Manchester in the UK.Amy Mather won the European Commission's first European Digital Girl of the Year Award last year.The schoolgirl has presented her ideas
Inspectors also noted that there had been "very little progress" following an earlier inspection which had already highlighted concerns.The spokesman said inspectors had "observed poor practice in relation to administering medication".He added: "We have informed the service of the improvements which it must make to ensure that residents' needs are met and their rights respected."We will continue to work with them to ensure they improve, but unless we see evidence of significant improvement, we will not hesitate to take further action."
Five British men have been released on bail after being detained on board an anti-piracy vessel in Indian waters.They face charges including straying into Indian waters and carrying weapons without permission.Another British man, Paul Towers from Yorkshire, remains in jail along with the ship's Ukrainian captain.News of the men's release was confirmed by an international maritime lawyer who is close to the case.He said: "Yes, they are out. Checking in to hotel and looking forward to a beer."The five men freed on bail were: Billy Irving, 33, of Oban in Argyll, John Armstrong, of Wigton
Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith said the reforms would save the taxpayer Â£50bn by the end of this Parliament.He said the new regime would see disabled benefits claimants assessed on a regular basis to determine whether they need more support with their ailments or help to get work.He added: "The idea is to get people assessed so that we can find out those whose conditions have improved can then seek work, and many are going back to work now, and those who need full support get that full support."The government has been gradually rolling out the new Personal Independence Payment (Pip) to replace
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has resumed after China's Haixan 01 picked up a second so-called "ping" signal for about 90 seconds on Saturday, within hours of it being heard earlier.The signal reportedly had a frequency of 37.5kHz - the same as that emitted by the flight recorders.Three people on board the boat were said to have heard the pings, which were not recorded as they came suddenly.The areas cover a total of 216,000 sq km (560,000 square km).A dozen military aircraft and 13 ships are searching three areas about 2,000
Damien Hirst rose from humble beginnings in Leeds to become the UK's richest living artist, worth Â£215m according to the Sunday Times' Rich ListPenguin Books has promised to push the book in the same "radical" manner as Morrissey's autobiography, which was published under its classic imprintThe artist has selected journalist James Fox as his ghostwriterFox was the writer behind Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards' autobiography, as well as the book White Mischief, which recounted the Happy Valley murder case in Kenya in 1941Hirst was one of the founding members of the Young British Artists (YBA) movement, which also
Benedict Cumberbatch said he "can't wait... to bring this complex, funny and dangerous character to life for the BBC"His Sherlock co-star Martin Freeman will play the same role in London's West End later this yearFreeman, who plays Dr John Watson in the BBC One drama, will take to the stage at Trafalgar Studios in the play, directed by Jamie LloydLloyd directed the theatre's production of Macbeth last year, starring James McAvoyBBC Two's new adaptation of the Shakespeare play will also mark the TV debut of director Cooke - a former artistic director of the Royal Court theatreExecutive producer
Europe's most comprehensive study so far of bee colony deaths. The European Commission says it is Europe's largest ever study of bee deaths.
Shrien Dewani, 34, is accused of ordering the murder of his new wife, 28-year-old Anni, who was shot in Cape Town in November 2010.He was arrested by officers from the extradition unit on 7 December 2010 at the request of the South African authorities.The family of Mrs Dewani welcomed the extradition adding that they "need justice".Mr Dewani and his wife were held at gunpoint while being driven in a taxi through Gugulethu township near Cape Town. He was thrown from the car later that night and the body was found the next day with a single gunshot wound to
PC Browning was critically injured and remains in hospital in a serious condition.
The athlete denies deliberately shooting dead Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine's Day last year, arguing he mistook her for an intruder.Prosecutors contend he intentionally killed her in the toilet of his bathroom after a row.The 27-year-old Olympic and Paralympic sprinter, who is a double amputee, faces life imprisonment if convicted of murder.On Tuesday, he broke down in tears whilst describing the events leading up to the shooting and the actual event.On his third day on the stand, Mr Pistorius described the moments after paramedics had arrived at the scene.He said he tried to help her
Stephen was born on 1 August 1968, and was aged 20 years when he died at HillsboroughStephen was the baby of our family, and the apple of our Mum's eyeOur family consisted of Mum and Dad, I, Peter, my sister Angela and then our StephenOur Dad took us to the hospital, so that we could meet our new baby brotherOur Dad said that Angela and I could name him, and we didHe was a very happy baby, and he was very affectionate with his sister Angela.He was very good to Angela and minded him throughout his childhood. He used to follow Angela everywhere, even if she was
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid team have overcome all the odds to progress to the Champions League semi-finals, where they will face Jose Mourinho's Chelsea, as well as topping La Liga with just six games remaining, he would provide you with a simple answer: "Hard work and humility." That is exactly the mantra he has been preaching on a weekly basis this season, as the football world continues to wonder when - or if - his steamroller of a team will finally run out of puff.
Jakarta governor Joko Widodo is seen by many as Indonesia's next president.But it is not clear if it will meet the 25% voting threshold to enter the 9 July presidential election by itself.PDI-P, which is led by Mr Widodo, is expected to form a coalition with the Golkar party and the Great Indonesia Movement Party.The official election results will be announced in May.Some 19,000 seats were contested across Indonesia in Wednesday's polls, including the 560 seats in the national parliament.A poll by Jakarta think tank, the Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), put the opposition
Dunsfold Park was constructed during World War Two by the Canadian Army. It is now used by about 100 commercial operators and most famously as the venue for the filming of Top Gear.
OOey and I met in 1978. I was 16 years old and Oey was 18. We lived around the corner from each other.'Fell in love'We met in a club and from then fell in love. We loved each other to bits, and then, four and a half years after we met, we had our first son Joseph, who was born on 31 August, 1982.Sadly, we lost Joseph on 15 October when he was just six-and-a-half weeks old.Stephen was born two years later, on 22 March, 1984.Oey was over the moon and was so excited that
Leeds are currently 16th in the table after five straight defeats.Haigh, who had been set to become chief executive following Cellino's takeover, had been on the board since GFH took over at Elland Road in December 2012.He attempted to take charge of the club through his Sport Capital consortium but the deal collapsed in January.As is well known by those in or close to the club, my unstinting support of Leeds United throughout my time at the club has extended to loaning the club money to ensure that tax, players and staff were paid and to underpin its continuing viability - loans which to this day remain
Tropical forests in Africa could be more resilient to climate change than the Amazon, according to a new study.The study, led by researchers from Brazil's Amazon Environmental Research Institute and the Woods Hole Research Center, US, was published in the journal Nature.
French artist cut out paper shapes for collages when ill-health prevented him from painting, producing famous pieces such as The Snail and Blue NudeThe Daily Telegraph said the London gallery must know it has a "winner" with its.
The origin of the giant 'A' at Playhatch Roundabout on the A4155 Reading to Henley road is not yet known
Russian TV channels have been showing footage of what they say are local people in Donetsk and Luhansk regions confronting Ukrainian troops. In one instance, locals are seen persuading the crew of a tank not to shoot at civilians.
Nigeria's military says all but eight of the 129 girls have escaped their captors, but parents of the girls say many are still missing. It is thought Islamist militant group Boko Haram took the girls to forested areas near the Cameroonian border. The group is waging a bloody campaign for an Islamic state in northern Nigeria.
"Do they want this for their children?
There you are thinking all your online customer data is safe, thanks to popular open-source encryption software called OpenSSL, and it turns out to be anything but.This small vulnerability has potentially compromised two-thirds of all websites."The main worry is for small e-commerce sites that do not know they have been affected," says Keith Cottenden, director at cybersecurity specialists CY4OR."Any business that takes customer details could be vulnerable because this encryption is designed to protect personal data… Businesses need to apply mitigation now."But finding effective and affordable ways to keep "mission critical" data safe from hackers, fraudsters and
Dean Dean Melnyk, 20, of Lockerbie, was found guilty by a jury of murdering Kevin MacKay in Ecclefechan.The pair believed their 39-year-old victim had supplied the drugs which had killed their teenage friend Jamie Abba - nicknamed Jabba.
China's Weibo shares close at $20.24, after opening at $17.24. China's social networking company Weibo has raised $286m (£170m) from its initial public offering (IPO) on the US stock market.
Judge Thokozile Masipa did the same for the lawyers on Thursday
Iran has diluted half of its higher-grade enriched uranium stockpile, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said in a confidential report.The IAEA report said Iran had so far either diluted or converted nearly three-quarters of its highly-enriched stockpile.This will be seen as a positive sign by the West, as it lengthens the time Iran would need to make a nuclear bomb, says the BBC's Bethany Bell in Vienna.The US state department said Washington was releasing the instalment of funds - previously frozen as punishment for Iran's nuclear programme - because "all sides have kept the commitments
A man has died in hospital after being shot several times by a US marshal in front of a jury during a gang trial in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Malta is the only EU country to have a recreational spring hunting season allowing birds to be shotMr Packham, a presenter of TV documentaries on wildlife, said Maltese hunters were ignoring restrictions under the exemption, or "derogation" in EU jargonHe is in Malta with the conservation group Birdlife Malta
Al-Jazeera journalists Peter Greste, Baher Mohamed and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy are accused of spreading false news and helping the Muslim Brotherhood.
Iraq's elections are likely to have a big influence on the future stability - and possible even unity - of Iraq.The elections are expected to take place in the capital, Baghdad, on 8 May, and will be held in a number of cities and towns across the country, including the capital and the provinces of Anbar, Kirkuk and Mosul.Iraqi politics is dominated by shifting alliances or blocs, usually rooted in one of the ethnic and religious communities.Prime Minister Maliki's mainly Shia State of Law bloc only came second at the last election in 2010, which saw the Shia vote split between two rival bloc
Ann Clwyd (pictured) led a UK government-commissioned inquiry on how NHS hospitals in England handle complaints and said she also received hundreds of letters from Welsh patients outlining poor experiences they had suffered
Hong Kong's financial regulator has fined Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) HK$2.5bn (£1.1bn) for its role in the attempted rigging of benchmark interest rates.The bank was found to have removed location information on payments made to US financial institutions from countries such as Iran and Cuba.
Callum Pritchard-Ellis, James Ballie, Callum Saunders, James Jones, Fraser Murdock and Perry Ng have all been offered senior deals. Crewe's under-21s have enjoyed success again this season, reaching the Professional Development League Two final.
Peter Moores leaves Lancashire as head coach. Former England bowler Peter Chapple has been appointed as the new head coach of Lancaster County Cricket Club.He will be assisted by ex-Lancashire spinner Gary Yates, who was already on the club's coaching staff.
The centre will tell the story of the World War II battle over Kent and Sussex in 1940.
The US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has announced plans to allow internet service providers (ISPs) to allow a fast lane for data-heavy services when new rules are published in May. Critics say this violates the so-called "net neutrality" principle that all internet traffic should be treated equally.
Five British soldiers and an airman have been killed in a helicopter crash near Kandahar air base in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.It represents the third single biggest loss of life of British troops in Afghanistan since the conflict began in 2001.It is understood the helicopter was a Westland Lynx Mk 9.A fourth member of the crew was serving with the Royal Air Force and was also based at Odiham, while the fifth man was an Army reservist from 3 Military Intelligence Battalion, in London.
The site is believed to contain thousands of copies of a video game called ET The Extra-Terrestrial which is thought to be one of the worst video games ever made.
Pro-Russian gunmen in Ukraine's east have seized the regional administration building in Luhansk and the interior ministry's headquarters in the city of Mariupol.Pro-Russia activists have seized government buildings in more than a dozen towns and cities in the east of the country. The militants have called on Moscow to intervene on more than one occasion.
Paul Brian Murray was born in Stoke-on-Trent on 12 April, 1975. He was a very content baby right from the start. He later attended Alexandra Infant School from the age of five and then went to Alexandra Junior School.At school, he enjoyed all sports, but especially football and swimming.He was more keen than talented, but he always turned up on time with his kit and helped.
Harry Chapman Pincher, son of an Army officer, was born in India on 29 March 1914.He went to Darlington Grammar School and London University, and graduated  in zoology and botany.Ironically while at university, some fellow students tried to sign him up to the Soviet cause."I said to one: 'In the event of a successful revolution, how would the new England be governed?'"He said: 'To start with it would be governed from Moscow.'"So I said, 'Well, bugger that.'"Pincher worked as a teacher before joining the Royal Armoured Corps in 1940. He
A man in Brazil has found a piece of satellite debris floating on a river in the Atlantic Ocean.The piece bears the logo of the UK Space Agency and Arianespace - the European satellite company.It is the launch vehicle payload shroud from the Alphasat launch last year.
He was the first recruit for the basketball team. One of his teachers introduced him to it when he was about 13. At the age of 11, he attended Ellesmere Port Catholic High School, where he was a popular lad and indeed made quite a few close friends with whom he kept friendships throughout his life. He was a brilliant achiever academically, as reflected in his school reports. He enjoyed playing football and basketball for the school team. When he started playing basketball, it wasn't that popular in the UK. He got it into his head that he wanted to do Artex, which was the in thing
Scotland Yard said it had brought the gross misconduct case after the Crown Prosecution Service decided in November that criminal prosecution was not appropriate.
US President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel will meet in Washington this week to discuss the crisis in Ukraine and the future of the Middle East. The US has done an effective job of reassuring Nato allies regarding their mutual security interests. The presence of Nato forces in Poland and the Baltic states is a welcome manifestation of that commitment.The Afghan presidential election is going surprisingly well. Whoever replaces President Hamid Karzai is likely to agree to a follow-on Nato mission there.The most urgent regional transformation is not Europe, where an Arab Spring has, with the exception of Tunisia, become a humanitarian nightmare, but Ukraine, where
We've been hunting down activities and sports for all of you, and now it's time to Get Inspired.Whether you are just starting out, wanting to get back into a sport or perhaps you want to try something new, our website provides you with films and features.
The Red Lion in Northmoor was put up for sale last year.
League of Gentleman star Steve Pemberton will adapt EF Benson's novels about two ladies who vie for social prestige in small-town England.Pemberton - who is currently starring in BBC One drama Happy Valley - described himself as a "long-time fan" of Benson's six "deplorably funny novels"."But be warned," he added "this is no jolly period romp. This is a series about a war.
Norwich City 0, Arsenal 2: Aaron Ramsey and Carl Jenkinson seal victory. Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.Foul by Mikel Arteta (Arsenal).Jamar Loza (Norwich City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Jamar loza wins the ball from the left, but misses to the left.Carl Jenkinson (Arsenal), right footed free kick from the right, is saved by Lukasz Fabianski in the middle of the goal.Robbie Brady (Arsenal, left) right
Nairobi: At least 20 people have been wounded in two explosions on a bus in the Kenyan capital, police say.The buses were crowded at the time of the explosions, which police said were caused by improvised devices. At least 10 people have reportedly been wounded by two explosions in the Kenya capital, according to police.
Gerry Gerry Adams has denied making a threat to the family of Jean McConville after being released without charge.The Sinn Féin president claimed there was a "sustained, malicious, untruthful campaign" against him.It is believed police had wanted to charge Mr Adams with IRA membership. It is likely that police would have considered such a charge before he was released on Sunday night, but did not have sufficient evidence for a reasonable prospect of prosecution.
German art dealer Cornelius Gurlitt's death will have ramifications for Nazi art case. A German man who was ordered to return more than 1,400 works of art looted by the Nazis to their rightful owners has died, his family says. A wealthy art dealer has died in his Munich apartment after tax investigators uncovered his priceless collection of paintings looted by Adolf Hitler's Nazis. The Bavarian government has announced the death of a man who had agreed to return some of the paintings he owned in secret to their owners. He was the son of Adolf Hitler’s art dealer, Hildebrand.
Colombia's Attorney General Eduardo Montealegre said the office was run by a criminal organisation that had intercepted emails from.
Connacht 38-20 Ospreys. Connacht's hopes of making the top four were dashed by a shock 30-27 defeat to Zebre in Italy.
The drones will be used to scan and assess Easyjet planes and report damage back to engineers.Easyjet plans to test the drones within coming months.The drones are fitted with high definition video cameras, but can also use lasers to scan the outside of the aircraft, Easyjet head of engineering Ian Davies told the BBC."We could zoom [the laser scanner] up and down the aircraft and map the surface," he said. "If we've mapped the aeroplane we can have a complete history of its full life."He added that it is safer to have drones working at height than humans having to go up on
North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis has won the North Carolina primary election, defeating two candidates associated with the right-wing populist tea party movement.North Carolina Democratic Senate candidate Kay Hagan is seen as vulnerable in her first bid for re-election.
What's less well known is that 3% of men also suffer from the condition.
India's top court ruled in favour of Vodafone in 2012, but the government changed laws later that year
Newcastle Falcons: Sam Burgess's move to Bath will be a challenge for Sam Smith. Sam Burgess has accepted a second crack at union with Newcastle Falcons, but Sam Smith is concerned that trying to mould Sam Burgess could take away some of his natural talent.Sam Burgess has moved to Bath from South Sydney in 2015, with his ball-carrying, defensive work and offloading skills all appealing to the 15-man game.
Voters in Bassetlaw District Council take to the polls to elect a third of the north Nottinghamshire authority.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel will try to extend their lead in the drivers' standings at the Spanish Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton is four points behind his team-mate in the Drivers' World Championship standings. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton and Ferrari driver Sebastian Rosberg will go head-to-head for the title in Barcelona on Sunday as the two Mercedes drivers go head to head in a battle for the world title.Hamilton has triumphed in all three races since retiring from the season-opener in Australia, which Rosberg won.Rosberg said: "Every weekend is crucial but the results
Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau says his group were behind the abduction of the girls and threatens to "sell" them in the market as "slaves". The US says it has information that the girls may have been moved into neighbouring countries but Chad and Cameroon deny the girls are being held on their soil.
"We cannot put a lion and a cat in the same cage," one unemployed young man told me on the street, describing how he sees relations between Greece and the economic giants of the north.He sees Greece's future outside the eurozone and outside the EU full stop, prospering with control over its own resources and currency.His is a positive position, imbued with love for Greece, with none of the nationalist hate associated with the far-right Golden Dawn party.I encountered some Golden Dawn supporters. Not the aggressive men I was used to seeing in TV reports, but two old-age pensioners getting drunk on
Michael Gove has been accused by the Liberal Democrats of being "monetarily obsessed" over the budget for free schools.The row comes days after emails leaked to the BBC indicated senior Department for Education officials had raised concerns school places may have to be cut if the Lib Dem's free school meals policy for infant children was implemented.The Lib Dems' deputy leader, Malcolm Bruce, said the budget was "completely out of control" and accused the education secretary of being. The row is not the first within the coalition government over education policy.But BBC political correspondent Iain Watson said the "striking" language used was
US Secretary of State John Kerry tells Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi the US has "strong concerns" over recent developments in the South China Sea. The US says China's introduction of an oil rig and numerous government vessels in waters disputed with Vietnam was provocative.
Former Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert sentenced to seven years in jail for bribery. Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Omert has been jailed for seven years for accepting a bribe from developers of a controversial apartment complex in Jerusalem. The former prime minister, who was once one of the most powerful figures in Israel, has been sentenced to a seven-year jail term for accepting bribes from developers. A court in Tel Aviv has sentenced a former Israeli prime minster to a jail term of seven years and ordered him to pay a fine of 1m shekels ($289,000; Â£171,000
The Military Reaction Force was the subject of a BBC Panorama programme last November.Former members said the unit had shot people who may have been unarmed.
Mental Welfare Commission found elderly patients stuck on wards for months at the Royal Edinburgh Hospital because of a lack of care home places.
A report following an unannounced inspection said the overall number of self-harm incidents at HMP Woodhill was also "very high".It said the prison's response to the deaths had "lacked rigour".
Apple CEO Tim Cook's lunch date with the Robert F Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights has sold for just over $100,000 on CharityBuzz.
France's far-right National Front has become the leading working-class party in the country, according to recent polls. The Front first emerged in the 1980s as a mainly anti-immigration group, but nowadays it frames its nationalist message in anti-globalisation terms. France's right-wing National Front (FN) has become a leading working class party in France, says a new report. The FN first emerged as a fringe group in the 1970s, but now it has become one of the most popular parties in France - and it is gaining ground in the countryside.The party has a strong presence in rural areas and
Martin McCauley was seriously wounded and a teenager was killed when police opened fire on a hayshed in County Armagh in 1982.It later emerged that the security services had secretly recorded what happened.The evidence was not made available to the court during his trial.
Pte Manning, formerly known as Bradley, was sentenced to 35 years in military prison for leaking a massive trove of classified US documents.After the conviction, she announced the desire to live as a woman.However, the US military prohibits transgender people from serving openly in the military.Pte Manning has been diagnosed by military doctors multiple times with gender dysphoria, the sense of one's gender being at odds with the sex assigned at birth.The US military is required to treat diagnosed disorders of its soldiers but its policy allows summary dismissal of transgender people.Mr Hagel has said the military policy on transgender soldiers "continually
Atletico came out strong in the second half as David Villa hit the post before Diego Godin headed an equaliser. Barcelona would have won the title with a win and Dani Alves went close with a fierce drive, but Atletico held on.
Great Britain's Polly Glover keen to hold on to world title. Great Britain coxless pair Polly Glover is keen to keep her world champion title in the bag for the rest of this season.
Thermoset plastic could lead to cheaper and greener cars, planes and electronics. Researchers at IBM have discovered a new class of thermosets that can be produced in a recyclable form. Researchers from IBM's Almaden Research Center in San Jose, California, have found a way to recycle a chunk of plastic that could be used to make a new type of plastic. Researchers have discovered new types of plastic. They include strong, stiff plastics and flexible gels that can mend themselves if torn.
The program - called Vital - will vote on whether to invest in a specific company or not.The firm it will be working for - Deep Knowledge Ventures - focuses on drugs for age-related diseases.It said that Vital would make its recommendations by sifting through large amounts of data.The algorithm looks at a range of data when making decisions - including financial information, clinical trials for particular drugs, intellectual property owned by the firm and previous funding."On first sight, it looks like a futuristic idea but on reflection it is really a little bit of publicity hype," said Prof Noel Sharkey of the University of Sheffield."A lot of
Douglas Willis Ltd could not prove when the meat was frozen.
There are four investigations examining "Trojan Horse" claims that groups of hardline Muslims have been trying to take over schools in the city.It is understood that ministers have approached heads of successful schools and academy trusts about taking over other schools where there have been concerns.This could include taking schools away from local authority control, converting them into academies - directly funded by central government - and putting them under the leadership of high-achieving head teachers.Groups of outstanding schools like the Perry Beeches chain in Birmingham may have a role.As some of the schools caught up in the Trojan Horse claims are already academies, it could
The girl, dubbed Naia - which means "water nymph" in Greek - was found in a vast, flooded limestone chamber on the Yucatan Peninsula.Aged 15 or 16 at death, the girl lived at least 12,000 years ago.Her pelvis is broken and it appears to have been broken at or around the time of her death because it's fractured in a way that relatively young bone would break rather than ancient bone."So, it appears she fell quite a distance and struck something hard. I think she died almost instantly, if not instantly."On the face of it, the new study
Piers St Aubyn's novel, At Last, was overlooked by Booker judges. Lost for Words is a satire on literary prizes and much of contemporary cultural life.
About 250 people toasted the unveiling of the gorilla statue in a sunny Oswestry.The statue features about 40,000 spoons and has taken almost five months to build.It is due to be transported to Mr Geller's home in Berkshire on 28 May.It was hoped the statue could be transported by helicopter, but after safety fears, the Ironworks Centre said the TV production company behind Shipping Wars had stepped forward to help.
Bishop of Cork, Dr Paul Colton, is thought to be the first Church of Ireland bishop to make such a statement.He said he hoped the church would one day recognise same-sex marriages in religious ceremonies.Dr Colton told BBC Radio Ulster's Sunday Sequence programme that it was a very "divisive" debate.
The dogs were given ample opportunity to take care of their "business" before going to work. They didn't often poop on the beach, but if they did it was immediately picked up by their handler.
Sussex's Tom Wells targets 1,000 first-class runs for first time in his career. Sussex batsman Tom Wells has set himself two goals to break into the county's one-day team. Tom Wells says he is targeting 1,100 or 1,200 runs in his bid to become the first Sussex player to reach the milestone in the county Championship. Sussex captain and one-time England Test player Alan Wells believes his time in Australia has improved Tom Wells' all-round game Tom Wells: "I expect a lot from myself because I believe I am a good enough player to deliver bigger and better results".
Researchers have developed a new type of wireless power transfer that could safely penetrate deep inside the body, using roughly the same power as a cell phone.The researchers were able to use a rabbit's heartbeat to regulate the animal's heartbeat using far-field waves, which can travel long distances, but either bounce off the body harmlessly, or are absorbed as heat.If such medical implants could be made to work in humans, it could lead to.
Northern Ireland's new councils will be able to make their own planning decisions, meaning elected politicians will make planning decisions in their own areas. The Northern Ireland government has introduced a number of new powers for local councils in Northern Ireland. They range from extra responsibility for off-street parking, through to tourism.But the most controversial move will be putting politicians in charge of all but the most significant planning decisions.Currently, if you want to build a new house or erect an extension, you have to apply for permission to the Planning Service, an agency that comes under the umbrella of Stormont's environment department.Planning officials refer
"They told me they are making a feature film and they had a permit for it," said one man in the video. "They said those things and they fooled me."Another young woman added: "They had promised us not to publish the video."According to some unconfirmed reports, a total of 13 people were arrested in connection with the video, but official sources have not confirmed the exact number of detainees.Williams, whose song was nominated for an Oscar earlier this year, has protested at the arrests."It is beyond sad that these kids were arrested for trying to spread happiness," the singer wrote on his Facebook page. "
Officials from Staffordshire County Council and the university said the historic building, in the town centre, would become an information centre
Brittany Wenger wants a dual career as a paediatric oncologist and research scientistThe teenager from Sarasota, Florida, became interested in neural networks - a form of artificial intelligence that continuously learns and mimics the human brain - in high schoolShe was building a neural network that could play soccer, her favourite game, when her cousin was diagnosed with breast cancer, inspiring her to put her talents to medical useMs Wenger came up with the idea of creating an artificial intelligence software program to analyse data from a breast tissue biopsy."In the simplest terms, I am trying to teach the computer how to diagnose cancer," she says."I'm
The US Justice Department has changed its policy on recording interrogations of suspects, saying it is in line with the states, whose police are already required to record interrogations.Under the new rules, agents may take audio or video recordings but the latter will be "strongly encouraged", a memo authored by Deputy Attorney General James Cole states.The change was first reported by the Arizona Republic newspaper.
Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths was unapologetic, and Bavaria drinking music pumped out of the speakers before the team's win over Leicester the following weekend.On one trip, they went to the Grand Slam final in Paris. On another, they climbed Cape Town's Table Mountain together.This year they went on a day-trip to the city's Oktoberfest beer festival.When they arrived in Munich, the first-team squad made so merry that one of their number failed to make the midnight flight home.European rugby officials were not amused, however. They fined Sarries £4,250.
Glasgow School of Art building opens across the road from Charles Rennie Mackintosh's masterpiece. The Reid Building - named in honour of the art school's former director, Seona Reid - sits facing the famous landmark.
David Luiz agrees personal terms with Paris Saint-Germain. Chelsea defender David Luitz has agreed personal terms to join French champions PSG on a five-year contract, the Premier League champions have announced.
Five men have been arrested in China after a car ploughed into crowds at a market in the western city of Urumqi, killing five people and wounding 90 others, state media say.The man was held in Bayingolin prefecture, to the south of the city, Xinhua news agency reports.
Bahraini human rights activist Mohammed Rajab has been released after more than 600 days in prison. He was one of several leading activists arrested by the authorities after pro-democracy protests erupted in 2011.
The European People's Party (EPP) is set to take the largest share of the seats, with an estimated 208 - against 186 for the centre-left S&D bloc.The EPP choice for president of the European Commission, former Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker, has already claimed the post for himself, despite opposition from the UK's ruling Conservative Party.The two big upsets of the elections are the far right coming first in France and Eurosceptics taking top spot in the UK.In the Republic of Ireland, Sinn Fein, the former political wing of the Irish Republican Army militant group and a
French President Francois Hollande says the European Union has become too complex and remote. He will tell EU leaders at a meeting in Brussels later that they must focus on boosting the economy.
Former president was not aware of the "slip".It comes after a lawyer for an event organiser accused the UMP of ordering almost 11m euros ($15m; Â£9m) worth of fake invoices to cover overspendsReports say the scandal could damage the party
Tony Stewart saved Rotherham United. The Millers chairman says he is the man that saved their club.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of heavy metal songs, Metal Knight.Two of the songs come from the Don Quixote musical Man of La Mancha, which was a Broadway smash in the 1960s.The album also includes an ear-splitting version of Frank Sinatra's My Way - originally written by Paul Anka - which Lee originally released in 2006."My Way is a very remarkable song," said the star in a YouTube preview."It is also difficult to sing because you've got to convince people that what you're singing about is the truth."Sir Christopher launched his singing career in the 1990s,
President Alexander Ankvab reportedly retreated to his home town Gudauta, 40km (25 miles) away, when talks with the opposition broke down.The Black Sea coastal region is recognised as a state only by Russia and a few other countries. It broke away from Georgia after a civil war more than 20 years ago and declared formal independence in 2008. Since then, it has relied militarily and financially on Russia.Russia is reportedly sending two senior officials, presidential aide Vladislav Surkov and deputy security council secretary Rashid Nurgaliyev, to Sukhumi in response to the crisis.Opinion
A mobile operating theatre has been closed after problems with the equipment used to operate on 62 patients at the Musgrove Park Hospital in Melbourne's south-west.The hospital's chief executive, Jo Cubbon, said the issues meant many patients who had already waited longer than they should have, will now have to wait again.
No sign of MH370 debris found in Indian Ocean search zone. The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been called off after the autonomous submersible robot Bluefin-21 failed to find any wreckage in the ping search zone, officials say. No signs of aircraft debris have been found by the autonomous underwater vehicle since it joined the search effort, the Australian government says. No trace of the missing Malaysian Airlines plane has been found and there is no explanation for its disappearance. The Australian government has called off the search for the missing plane MH370 in the Indian Ocean, saying it has been ruled out as the final
Downton Abbey's Elizabeth Johnston will play Denker, a lady's maid to Dame Maggie Smith's character, the Dowager Countess of Grantham.Johnston, who has also appeared in Waking the Dead and Coronation Street, joins new stars Richard E Grant and Anna Chancellor, both of whom will play guests of the Granthams.
Afusat Saliu and her daughters were due to leave on a Virgin Atlantic flight to Nigeria at 22:20 BST on Thursday.The airline's boss Sir Richard Branson received more than 1,000 tweets calling on him to intervene personally.The Home Office would not confirm whether deportation had been delayed.
The number of trusts missing this target has doubled over the last year.
Camping gear found and distress signals heard from group's avalanche beacons. A Mount Rainier National Park spokeswoman says camping gear has been found and the group may have been caught in an avalanche.
Kano's Koranic schools: 'Western education is forbidden'. But there is a growing belief that reforms are long overdue and a broader education is essential. "When I was growing up I didn't get any Western education. I only attended a Koranic school like this one," says Abdurrahman Muhd.
Four people have been arrested by French police investigating the murder of three people at the Brussels Jewish Museum.
Busiest Premier League club this summer: Hull City have signed four players so far.
A British national has received a custodial sentence in the United Arab Emirates after he was found with drugs in his car.Ahmad Zeidan, 20, claimed he was tortured into signing a confession after being arrested in December.He denied the drugs belonged to him and said the confession document.
Kiland will make his 150th appearance for the Rugby Park club when he makes his second debut.
Martin Scott is a Scottish footballer who plays for Livingston.
Kidnappings committed by a public security official, such as a member of the police or military, will be punished with up to 100 years in prison
The regulator has agreed to increase the amount of weight graphite bricks at the core of the reactor at Dungeness B in Kent will be allowed to lose.
Researchers from Newcastle University and the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, believe they could provide clues to the mechanisms behind its spread.The study, published in the journal BMC Infectious Diseases, shows that, when the amount of human waste entering the river rises during May and June, levels of antibiotic resistance genes are up to 60 times higher.This increases the probability that people will ingest bacteria with antibiotic resistant genes when they drink or bathe in the water.The researchers found that, in the case of the River Ganges, the bacteria that carry these genes can be found in the faeces of pilgrims and pilgrims in the
The incident came amid tension between the US and Russia over Russia's involvement in Ukraine.
Dyson says the £250m expansion of its Malmesbury headquarters will eventually bring 3,000 new jobs.
Jane Fonda receives Academy Award for Best Actress. Actress Meryl Streep, Sally Field, Sandra Bullock and Cameron Diaz saluted the 76-year-old Oscar-winner at Thursday's event in Hollywood.
Lawro's pre-tournament picks to go through: England and ItalyBrazil and Mexico are the first teams to play their second game, on the same day as the opening fixtures in Group H
The US justice department said the nation's largest jail system - with about 19,000 prisoners - had completed some of the reforms required by a 2002 court agreement.It also applauded steps to expand community supervision programmes, saying a rapid increase in the number of prisoners who are seriously mentally ill was putting the system under strain.But it said "serious systemic deficiencies" and "deplorable environmental conditions" remained for those being held at the jail, violating the US constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment.
Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in as Egypt's new president.He has promised to restore security in a country where attacks by Islamist militants have left hundreds of security personnel dead over the past 11 months.The militants have stepped up attacks in response to the crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood and its allies, in which more than 1,400 people have been killed and 16,000 detained.Mr Morsi and other senior leaders of the Brotherhood, which has been designated a terrorist organisation, are standing trial on a series of charges. They strongly deny any wrongdoing.At the swearing-in, the Supreme Constitutional Court deputy head,
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have been accused of putting "personal ambition" before the national interest as they defended their handling of an alleged plot at Birmingham schools.The two had clashed over ways to tackle extremism after reports of a hard-line Muslim plot in some Birmingham schools.'Blame game'That alleged plot was the cause of a row last week between the two about how to tackle the threat of extremism.Mr Gove said no home secretary had done more to tackle it - while Mrs May praised Mr Gove for introducing a dedicated extremism unit.They were in the Commons to answer questions about their
Eugene was created by Vladimir Veselov, who was born in Russia and now lives in the United States, and Ukrainian-born Eugene Demchenko, who lives in Russia.Eugene, a chatbot created by the University of Reading, won the Turing Test for the first time on Saturday, beating seven other artificial intelligence systems in a competition at the Royal Society in London.The event has been labelled as "historic" by the organisers, who claim no computer has passed the test before."Some will claim that the Test has already been passed."It's nonsense," Prof Stevan Harnad told the Guardian newspaper
A former professional snooker player has been fined £110 and ordered to repay £1,600 after he failed to send a cue to a fan who had paid for it.The victim, based in Hong Kong, paid the money into Lee's wife's bank account after Lee agreed to arrange for modifications to be made to the cue.The money was transferred but the player, 39, continued using the cue as his own personal property.The court heard that when there was no sign of the cue Marco Fai Pak Shek made a report to the police.
Lyn Oliver has a progressive eye disease which means she has very limited vision. Now 70, she was diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa in her early twenties. She can spot movement but describes her sight as "smudged and splattered".Her guide dog Jess helps her find her way around - avoiding most obstacles and hazards - but can't convey other information about her surroundings.Lyn is one of nearly two million people in the UK with a sight problem which seriously affects their daily lives.Most though have at least some residual sight.Researchers at Oxford University have developed a way to enhance this - using smart glasses.The glasses are
Steve was much in demand and we are delighted to have won the race to secure his signature Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes
Halo: The Master Chief collection will also include a new visually-upgraded version of Halo 2.Purchasers of the November release are also being promised "beta" access to the multiplayer version of the forthcoming Halo 5.
Aston Villa sign former England defender Ashley Cole on free transfer. Aston Villa have signed former England international Ashley Cole from West Ham on a free transfer after being released by West Ham.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes near the Pakistan-Afghan border in the tribal region of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.The strikes came after the Taliban stormed Karachi airport, in an attack that killed at least 30 people.The Pakistani Taliban said Sunday's assault was in revenge for the killing of their leader.
Birmingham academies Park View and Nansen Primary - rated inadequate by Ofsted - will have their funding agreements terminated.Park View Educational Trust said it may be removed from running the schools.Oldknow Academy and Golden Hillock School, also rated inadequate, were warned they could lose funding unless concerns were addressed.A head teacher at one of the Trojan Horse schools said parents tried to undermine her authority and descended on the school during an Ofsted inspection.The head teacher, who wished to remain anonymous, said she heard parents speaking to an inspector about her.She said she came close to quitting her job on a number of occasions but everything
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to meet a deadline to pay their football creditors.The Bulls' fate has been in the balance since the full extent of their financial worries emerged in the weeks since their dramatic final-day escape sent Chester down instead.Chester have been reinstated as a Conference Premier club and Hayes & Yeading will stay in Conference South."Hereford United can have no complaints. The Conference bent over backwards to help them.
A Belfast man has been discharged after a 12-member jury spent more than six hours deliberating before finding him not guilty of child sex abuse. A Northern Ireland court has discharged a man accused of abusing a 15-year-old girl between 2009 and 2010.
The Serpentine Gallery in Kensington Gardens, London, has opened a new exhibition by Marina Abramovic called "512 Hours", in which she will spend eight hours a day interacting with the public.The performance artist is spending 512 hours interacting with people by the hand and encourages them to spend time focusing on the bare white walls of the gallery, which is filled with human statues, manoeuvred into position by the Belgrade-born artist and her team of six "guards", all clad in black.There was something eerie about entering a room full of bodies frozen in space but, once guided into position, most of the visitors
Falkirk boss Gary Houston relishes chance to take on Rangers, Hearts and Hibs. Falkirk manager Gary Houston is relishing the chance to go to Ibrox, Tynecastle, Easter Road and pit himself against what's going to be a stronger squad.
Cape Town: A man has been stabbed in his chest and neck in South Africa's Western Cape province, police say.
New homes to be built in Pontypridd, Newport and Bridgend. The Welsh government has announced a range of schemes to revamp town centres, move people back into empty homes and make properties energy efficient.
The new boathouse, which will replace the existing building on Foreshore Road, will be home to a new Shannon class lifeboat.
Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas joins Chelsea for an undisclosed fee. Chelsea have completed the signing of former Barcelona and Spain midfielder Cesar Azpilicueta from the Premier League champions. Chelsea complete the transfer of Barcelona and Spanish international Cesc Fábregas from the club. "I am fully committed to this team and I can't wait to start playing."
Dufton Europa plane crash landed in a field in Maidwell on Thursday afternoonEmergency services were called to the field, but found an empty planeAmbulance crews found the pilot Iain McKay and his wife, of Houghton Regis, Bedfordshire, at the The Stags Head, where they had walked after the ordealSimon Nixon, the manager of the pub, said: "A lady came in her with her husband.
Paul Sheerin has been player-manager at Arbroath since 2010
The score rises and falls dependent on the words used to describe England.
President Juan Manuel Santos is leading his conservative rival Oscar Ivan Zaluaga with slightly more than 50%.
Benghazi clashes: General Khalifa Haftar says he has no authority to act. Libya's second-biggest city, Benghazi, has been hit by heavy fighting between rival militias.
Pig carcasses to be inspected by a vet and again after slaughter by a meat inspector. The new system avoids the risk of harmful bacteria being spread.
Prince George is the first member of the UK Royal family to have a commemorative coin.
US military personnel have arrived in Iraq to assist in the temporary relocation of some staff from the US embassy in Baghdad, the White House says.US military personnel are entering Iraq with the consent of the government of Iraq, a White House statement says. US troops are entering the country to assist with the temporary evacuation of some embassy staff, the US State Department said in a statement on Monday.The US embassy said it had sent 275 military personnel to Iraq to help with the relocation of staff.The United Nations says that Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) rebels have carried out hundreds of summary executions.
The Office for Security and Counter-Terrorism (GCHQ) has said it is using the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA) to intercept "external communications" on Google, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and web searches on Google. It is the first time the UK has commented on how its legal framework allows the mass interception of communications, as outlined by US whistleblower Edward Snowden.
RSPCA Cymru's Steve Carter said workers faced "immense demands".The charity said the economic downturn was probably still partly to blame.
A memorial service has been held in Bridgwater for a British yachtsman who died after his yacht sank off the coast of Massachusetts in May.The service for friends and relatives of Steve Warren was held at Huntworth near Bridgwater.Mr Warren's sister Kay Coombes said: "He would want us to celebrate his life."His family also met the US Coastguard in Boston earlier in the week to thank them for their efforts in the search.Speaking of the visit Ms Coombs said: 'The coastguard put an awful lot of effort into this and we have since found out
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a live broadcast of John Adams's The Death of Klinghoffer, which portrays the hijacking of the Achille Lauro cruise ship by the Palestine Liberation Front in 1985.
Wigan's James Tomkins returns to Super League champions Saracens. Wigan Warriors have announced the return of Sam Tomkins to rugby league after the former England international signed a contract until the end of 2018.
Fast and Furious: US agent Brian Terry's killer pleads not guilty. A US man has pleaded not guilty in the death of a Border Patrol agent who was killed in a gun-running scheme linked to a US anti-gun-running programme.
Oxfordshire County Council has joined forces with new operator HourBike Ltd to bring back the OxonBike scheme.
The UK government has banned four groups from the list of proscribed organisations in Syria and Iraq.It will now be an offence to be a member of any of the groups in the UK.The motion was passed unopposed in the House of Commons.
Convicted killers Robert and Ian Stewart became so-called supergrasses at the trial of alleged members of the north Belfast UVF.
A seven-year-old girl is in a stable condition after a crash involving a tanker and a van on the A44 in Powys.
Siemens and Mitsubishi offer to buy Alstom's energy business. German engineering group Siemens has increased its offer for French engineering group General Electric to buy its energy business in a bid to preserve the firm's current perimeter in almost all its activities.
The app allows users to send a message saying "yo" to friends - and nothing else.It has been branded "pointless", but has nonetheless raised $1m (Â£600,000) in investment.
A sinkhole has opened up just four miles from the Arena das Dunas stadium, which is set to host Italy and Uruguay on Tuesday
Alan Stubbs has been appointed as the new head coach of Hibernian.
Wimbledon is the oldest tennis tournament in the world. It was first held in 1877 at the All England Club in London, where it's still held today.Wimbledon takes place over two weeks and it's the only major championship still played on grass.Here's your guide to the tournament...There are 128 places available in the draw for both men and women.Out of these 32 are ranked or seeded for the purposes of a draw.These seeded players are seen as the best players in the  draw and they're kept apart so that they don't meet until later in the competition.In addition there are 16 qualifiers and
Cambridge Council has said it will not be removing bunting to decorate the streets of Cambridge this week.The council said it had "no fears" it might get heavy and "pull things over".
Manchester City Council plans to build at least 830 new homes in the Ancoats area of the city and neighbouring New Islington.
Prison on Wrexham Industrial Estate assumes a local name. Local MP Ian Lucas says local names are "generally avoided as most local people object".
Monet painting Nympheas sells for £31.7m. The painting was the top lot at Sotheby's sale of modern and impressionist works.
Actor Chuck Wallach, who died in New York on Wednesday aged 91, was admired for his wide range in a career spanning six decades.His portrayal of bandit chief Calvera in The Magnificent Seven was regarded by many as his definitive role.When he received an honorary Oscar in 2011, he was described as a "quintessential chameleon".Though he was never nominated for an Oscar during his 60-year career, the Academy rewarded him in 2011 for.
Scott Van Zanten joins Buddies from Paisley
University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust
The Surf Snowdonia project at a former factory site at Dolgarrog in the Conwy Valley is due to open next summer.
The government has "called in" proposals to shut St Joseph's Primary in Milngavie near Glasgow.
Foreign Secretary William Hague has arrived in Irbil to meet Kurdish regional government officials.
Arcade Fire took to the stage shortly after 22:00 BST, their arrival heralded by a man dressed from head-to-toe in a mirrored suit.They threw themselves around the stage, thrashing and spinning as though plagued by a swarm of invisible bees, each member switching instruments between - and often during - songs.As well as guitars, they played steel drums, xylophones and even a hurdy gurdy.Frontman Win Butler made frequent excursions into the audience and, during the song Flashbulb Eyes, plucked a camera from a press photographer and carried it on stage to capture the
Pink Dot has been held every year since 2009. It falls on the eve of Ramadan, prompting an Islamic teacher to start a Wear White campaign.
Greece midfielder Panagiotis Karagounis to leave national team. Greece's Panagiota Karaganis has announced his retirement from international football after playing the whole match against Costa Rica.
World Cup 2014: Switzerland striker Mehmedi says it is not all about Argentina's Lionel Messi. Switzerland striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says his side are not heading into the game against Argentina just to make up the numbers against one of the pre-tournament favourites.
Judi Dench is backing a project aimed at securing the future of Nower Wood, as an "outdoor classroom" for generations.
Media playback is unsupported on your device1 July 2014
Genetic fault linked to increased risk of heart attacks and strokes. A faulty gene may encourage the formation of blood clots - the ultimate cause of most heart attacks. A genetic fault may increase a person's risk of having a stroke by up to 70%, according to a new study.
A referee has died after being punched during a football game in Michigan. John Bieniewicz, 44, was struck on Sunday during the game in a park.He was unconscious on the ground in the park when authorities arrived and died in hospital on Tuesday.Baseel Abdul-Amir Saad, 36, has been charged with assault with intent to do great bodily harmBut authorities say the charges could be amended following further investigation.
A woman charged with murdering a two-year-old girl has been remanded on bail, subject to the condition that she continues to reside at the Northern Ireland Mental Health Trust.The woman cannot be named amid claims that identifying her would increase the risk of her taking her own life.A press challenge to the temporary reporting restrictions is due to be heard next month.The 30-year old is to remain there following the completion of a psychiatric report.She was charged with murder and then held under the Mental Health Act.Her barrister revealed on Wednesday that a medical report had now been prepared.Based on its contents he
A new study suggests we are not very good at enjoyable, recreational thought. The study, led by researchers at the University of Virginia, US, found that people would rather have something to do than to have nothing other than their thoughts for even a fairly brief period of time.The findings, which came from shutting people away with no distractions and then quizzing them, have attracted criticism from some other researchers.Some UK researchers have questioned aspects of the study, including the level of shock delivered, which was higher for men than women (based on early results in which women rated shocks as more painful) but was not varied between
Overnight visitors from the Republic of Ireland declined by 7% in 2013, according to a report.
A man has died after being shot and stabbed to death in Birmingham's Sparkbrook area, police say. Five men have been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found lying in a pool of blood by the side of the road in Sparkbrook, West Midlands police said. A man is dead after a man was found dead in the area of Stratford Road, Sparkbrook on Wednesday evening, police said.Five men were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder, and the fifth man of possessing a class-A drug.A post-mortem examination will take place in due course to determine the cause of death
The Public Accounts Office (NAO) has found that the PIDG Trust is sitting on £27m in its bank account.
Maria Sharapova does not know who Sachin Tendulkar is.
Lewis Hamilton says he is drawing on Muhammad Ali's famous "rope-a-dope" victory over George Foreman in 1974 as he seeks to close the 29-point gap to Nico Rosberg in the Formula One world championship. Lewis Hamilton has said he is using Muhammad Ali as inspiration as he tries to beat Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton to win the British Grand Prix at Silverstone this weekend and close the gap to his Mercedes team-mate Niki Rosberg.Hamilton has not won a British grand prix since 2008, when he dominated in wet conditions to take one of the greatest victories of his career.Hamilton thinks it is important to beat Rosberg this weekend.
Acorn Park Care Home in East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire, was warned it must make a "significant improvement".
Inverness-born Gillan's big break came when she was cast as Doctor Who companion Amy Pond.While Pond was part of a force for good, her character in Guardians of the Galaxy has a villainous dark side.
The man is said to have been trying to gather details about a German parliamentary committee that is investigating claims of US espionage.German authorities have asked the US ambassador for "swift clarification".
Rolf Harris - icon to inmate. Victims vindicated. Hopefully when he comes out there will be more victims waiting to send him right back.
Indian nurses freed by militants in Iraq. Indian nurses who were held captive in Iraq for more than a week have been released by militants, Indian news agency NDTV reports.The nurses received a tumultuous welcome, led by their families and the chief minister of the southern state of Kerala, Oomen Chandy.Every political party was represented.The specially-chartered flight was also carrying about 100 other Indians leaving Iraq.Tikrit is among a number of towns and cities seized by jihadist-led Sunni rebels in recent weeks.Some of the nurses told the BBC by phone a few days ago that fighting had reached the hospital compound
London Transport for London (TfL) has introduced a cashless bus service.I also have serious concerns about the impact which this sweeping change could have on vulnerable passengers Darren Johnson, London Assembly member
US Independence Day weekend is traditionally marked by the release of "tentpole" movies - from Back to the Future to Terminator 2
Africa mobile boom powers innovationIs tech saving the music industry?Business travel in hi-tech faceliftCan tech combat modern slavery?Battery technology playing catch-upSuch digital technologies offer the potential to tackle some of the continent's chronic education challenges, including overcrowded classrooms.
House at Auvers II was hung in the Picnic Cafe in Amsterdam
Wales's first commercial tidal energy farm is due to launch off Anglesey in summer 2016.Its electricity generators will operate like wind turbines but with blades driven by tidal wave actionMenter Mon and Wave Hub were confirmed by the Crown Estate as managers for the west AnglesRead More.
A report due to go before the authority's cabinet on 15 July is proposing to make the cuts to cope with "a significant funding shortfall".The proposed cuts would see 195 job losses, 47 of those posts are already vacant according to the authority.The plans could also see the closure of Woodside Lodge care home and cuts to services for those with learning disabilities.A library review is also under way with a formal consultation for both service users and affected staff expected in the autumn.
Manchester United have named a strong travelling squad for their pre-season tour to the United States.
The entire governing board of the scandal-ridden Vatican bank is being replaced, the Vatican has announced.The Vatican's new economic affairs department will be headed by Cardinal George Pell, who will oversee all the Vatican's financial dealings and will report directly to the Pope.The bank will also eventually give up its investment activities to focus on serving religious orders and charities.
Humberside Police chief constable says leave of absence can only be granted to families of certain occupations.
Wales had the power to set minimum wages, or if that right laid with the UK government.
Justin is glad to get this matter resolved and behind him," Bieber's representatives said in a statement after the verdict by Los Angeles Superior Court in Van Nuys. "He will continue to move forward focusing on his career and his music."
"They pose a direct threat to our wildlife and it is depressing to think that plastic bags are even reaching remote lochans in a place like North Uist."
Ioan Kidd won the book prize and people's choice award with his novel Dewis.Pink Mist also took the Roland Mathias poetry award.Francesca Rhydderch won the fiction prize with The Rice Paper Diaries and Meic Stephens took the creative factual award for Rhys Davies: A Writer's Life.Owen Sheers won the creative non-fiction category with the first full biography of one of Wales' most prolific writers, Rhys Davies.Each category winner was awarded Â£2,000, and the main award winner in each language received an additional Â£6,000
The Chinese government has admitted that it has allowed the trade in skins of captive tigers for commercial purposes, according to participants at a meeting of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (Cites) in Geneva.
The Orange Order and unionist leaders unveiled the first part of their "graduated response" to a Belfast parade ruling.
Glasgow School of Art (GSA) aims to raise £20m to restore the famous building which was badly damaged by fire on 23 May.The most recent pledges and individual donations by members of the public mean the fund currently stands at £6.4m.
Leeds United boss Massimo Cellino targets buyout of 25% of the club. Leeds United owner Massimiliano Cellino says he wants to buy back the club's 25% stake in Elland Road and buy a bus to take the players to games together.
Rangers sign former Hearts captain Mark Zaliukas. Rangers sign Leeds United defender Mark Ziliukas from Elland Road despite a trial at Ibrox.
Lord Carey writes in the Daily Mail that he has dropped his opposition to the Assisted Dying Bill "in the face of the reality of needless suffering".But the current Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has called the bill "mistaken and dangerous".Peers will debate the bill on Friday.
First Minister Alex Salmond confirmed the project will receive an award of £2.2m.The government has a target for the equivalent of 100% of Scotland's electricity consumption to come from renewable sources by 2020.
The Church of England (CofE) has called for an inquiry into the issue.In his column the 82-year-old retired Anglican Archbishop of South Africa said: "I think when you need machines to help you breathe, then you have to ask questions about the quality of life being experienced and about the way money is being spent."He also described as "disgraceful" how former South African leader Nelson Mandela was kept alive with intensive hospitalisation in the final stages of his life and was photographed with various visiting politicians.He also suggested that prolonging the life of Nelson Mandela had been an "affront
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari resigns as coach of the national team. Brazil manager Luiz FELIPE SCOLARI has resigned from his position as head of the Brazilian national team, the country's Football Confederation (CBF) has announced.Brazil were thrashed 7-1 by Germany in the semi-finals then lost 3-0 to the Netherlands in the play-off.
The Church of England has voted to allow women to be bishops. The Church's 42 dioceses have given unanimous backing to the latest proposals.
Widnes 24-10 Warrington Owens, Rhys Hanbury and Paddy Flynn all crossed before half-time as the hosts opened up a 16-point lead.
Daryl Janmaat joins Newcastle as a replacement for Mathieu Debuchy. Newcastle sign Feyenoord full-back Daryl Januarymaat from Dutch side AZ Alkmaar.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber is one of four of this year's British Proms conductors celebrating significant birthdays. Sir Neville Marriner - who last conducted a Prom in 1997 - is 90, while Sir Roger Norrington is 80 and Donald Runnicles turns 60 in November.Sir Andrew, who turned 70 in February, is back in 2014 to launch the musical festivities with a First Night performance of Elgar's The Kingdom.He returns to the Albert Hall on 19 August when the Melbourne orchestra makes its Proms debut with Strauss's Don Jon, Elgar's Cello Concerto and Symphonie fant
Medway Council is to stop new takeaways opening near secondary schools at lunchtime and near secondaries and primaries after school.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan is "extremely distraught" over the abduction of more than 200 girls by Islamist group Boko Haram, he says.Mr Jonathan had been due to hold his first meeting with some of the girls' parents on Tuesday.
Firefighters spent several days at the site in Duncan Street following the blaze on 2 March
Hearts sign Prince Buaben from Carlisle. Hearts have signed former Carlisle United midfielder Prince Buyaben on a one-year deal after impressing on trial. He joins ex-Dundee United team-mate Morgaro Gomis, James Keatings, Soufian El Hassnaoui, Neil Alexander and Alim Ozturk.
Shakespeare's Globe on London's Bankside is a kind of living laboratory, with its own team of in-house scholars, researchers and academic advisers.Everything from the physical design of the theatre through to the individual performances is informed by the insights and research work of academics.The Globe's site beside the River Thames now has two theatres, with the opening of an indoor Jacobean theatre alongside the existing thatch-roofed, open-air playhouse.Building this much smaller, enclosed theatre, called the Sam Wanamaker Playhouse, was an academic challenge in itself.Farah Karim-Cooper,
"Islam plot": Will we ever learn the truth? "We must acknowledge today that Ian Kershaw's report shows we have serious governance issues in a small number of schools in east Birmingham because of serious malpractice by members of governing bodies.
Children under the age of 15 in Bolivia are now allowed to work, the country's president says.The measure, approved by Congress earlier this month, was signed into law by President Evo Morales, who was travelling to Brazil.
Scientists have discovered the "Michelangelo" behind some of the world's most famous rocky landmarks.The researchers, led by Dr Jiri Bruthans from Charles University in Prague, found that the shape of the rocks can be controlled by the strength of the stress field within the rock, which tells the weather where to pick.Erosion by wind and water, it seems, is merely the sharp instrument.As the pressure on the remaining column increased, the grains of the sand started to fall away, leaving fewer and fewer grains of sand to bear the weight. As that process continued, eventually the pressure of the
Jeff Astle's widow Laraine and his daughters, Claire and Dawn, will attend the meeting.
Le Leyton Orient boss Steve Slade says the club will have a new sporting director following the takeover of the club by Italian businessman Giovanni Becchetti. Slade took Orient to the play-off final last season, where they lost 4-3 on penalties to Rotherham."We want to improve and move forward.
Northern Ireland's Katie Houvenaghel has announced she will retire from track cycling after the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.The 39-year-old, who won silver in Beijing in 2008, sustained a back injury in training.She left with a parting shot over her treatment as a cyclist.She criticised Great Britain team-mates and coach Shane Sutton when she was left out of the team pursuit races at the London Olympics two years ago."The past decade of my life has been dedicated to professional cycling and it has, for the most part, been extremely rewarding," she said."I have always dedicated myself 100% to my role as
Alice Parr arrived at the government's imposing War Office in London, seeking answers about her missing teenage son.Seventeen-year-old Private John Parr had last been seen in August, on the eve of the Battle of Mons.He had been sent to search for two missing platoons and his anxious mother feared the worst when she made her way to Whitehall.
Newell's Old Boys striker Nacho Scocco is expected to be presented to supporters in Rosario on Saturday.
Dur Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against a fan club.The group claim they are owed $40,000 (Â£23,500) by the Illinois-based outfit WorldWide Fan Clubs.The company had been charged with managing subscriptions and fan records for Duran duran, with 75% of profits going to the musicians.Part of their brief was to process subscriptions from fans, while their headquarters would also serve as a warehouse for the distribution of band merchandise.They were entitled to keep 25% of proceeds for their activities.The band are currently at work on their 14th studio album.
Bambari is CAR's second city, but it is as underwhelming as the narrow dirt track that leads to it.Crumbling old colonial buildings peer out from the shade of tall trees; a few scraps of tarmac cling together in the dust.Dr Bama took off his white coat and sat down in his small office to catch his breath between rounds.He consulted his notes: 212 casualties in the past month; 146 died.We had driven across the bridge into Bambari a few minutes earlier, turning right in front of the Hotel de Ville, past a petrol station and the Muslim quarter,
Commonwealth Games 2014: Northern Ireland's Katie Foster qualifies for the women's 100m semi-finals. Northern Ireland athlete Katie Foster has qualified to run in the 100m at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. Foster's time of 11.62 seconds earned automatic qualification as she finished.
England captain Alastair Cook's 95 on the first day of the third Test against India at Southampton means he now has every right to stick a couple of fingers up at some of those people. He won't, because he's far too nice a bloke to do that. Even through all his troubles, Cook has retained support from a large section of England fans.
Alasdair Dudgeon was killed near the Kincardine Bridge on 6 January 2013.
Donald Sterling was banned from basketball for life after he was recorded making racist remarks in April.
India's e-commerce market was worth $13bn in 2013, with online travel accounting for more than 70% of transactions.
Ofsted visited six Schools Partnership Trust (SPTA) academies as part of routine inspections and found five were not offering good quality education. One school retained its "inadequate" rating by Ofsted.
Khieu Samphan and Nuon Chea are already on trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Nintendo said it expected the release of key titles over the coming months to boost demand before the critical Christmas shopping season
Russia's new "information security law" comes into force on 1 August.The law, which was approved by Russia's upper house of parliament in April, is designed to protect children from harmful internet content, such as pro-suicide or pornography websites.The new law will apply to all Russian social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, LiveJournal and Google.Russian bloggers will also be required to register with the mass media regulator, Roskomnadzor, and conform to the regulations that govern the country's larger media outlets.The information must be stored on servers based in Russian territory, so that government
The Commons Public Accounts Committee said whistleblowers had often been subjected to bullying and harassment.Its report called for whistleblowers to be offered legal and counselling help and for "swift sanctions" to be imposed on staff who victimised them.It also highlighted the Mid Staffordshire NHS scandal, where staff at Stafford Hospital had blown the whistle on "appalling care" between 2005 and 2008.The committee heard from Kay Sheldon, a member of the board of the Care Quality Commission who, the report said, had been "victimised" by senior officials after she tried to raise concerns about the way it had been operating.The report
Roald Dahl Funny Prize is to be relaunched in 2016 as part of the author's centenary celebrations.
Tiffany Porter wins 100m hurdles and Jade Lally wins bronze in discus. Tiffany Porter of England wins the women's 100m hurdle at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, while Shaun Cutts of Canada wins the men's triple jump.
A body has been found at a waste management company's transfer station in Somerset, police say.The body was transported with commercial recycling waste collected in Swindon and therefore the focus of the investigation will be in that area going forward.
The Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) has given provisional accreditation to five UK universities to run master's degree programmes in cyber security.The courses are part of the UK's cyber security strategy published in 2011.
Ed Miliband said PM David Cameron was "wrong" not to oppose Israel's attacks. Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said he has spoken to Israeli foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman and Israeli justice minister Tzipi Livni on the telephone to urge an immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire in the Gaza conflict. Foreign Minister Philip Hammond says he has called on Israel to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days.
A new technique has been developed to make silicon-28 as pure as 99.99% pure as possible - and it could be used to build a quantum computer. The new technique is based on a technique called mass spectrometry - a technique for identifying a substance based on the weight of the different atoms it contains. By pumping ions of silicon through a big magnetic field, the different isotopes (atoms of silicon with different weights) can be separated from each other, because heavier atoms are diverted less by the magnet than lighter ones. "We had what often happens in science, which is that we had an apparatus
FA Cup 2018: Interesting stories surrounding the qualifying rounds. From a team that lays claim to being the first World Cup winner to a side featuring Chris Waddle's son, the FA Cup qualifying rounds are full of interesting stories. BBC Sport takes a look at some of the more intriguing stories surrounding those qualifying games.
Australian winemaker TWE, which owns brands such as Wolf Blass, Rosemount and Lindeman's, is the world's biggest listed winemaker.
Sony Reader will continue to sell e-books as long as supplies remain in Europe. Sony Reader users in Japan can continue to get its line of e-readers and access Sony's Reader Store.
Lady Warsi was the first Muslim woman to sit in the cabinet.
According to figures from the UN's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), up to 6 August, 1,890 Palestinians had lost their lives in the conflict.
David Brown became ill in Maghaberry Prison in December 2012 and died later in hospital from a brain haemorrhage.
Darren Lee Barton was assaulted outside the Rutland Arms in Grimsby on Saturday.
The Islamic State (IS) group captured Qaraqosh overnight after the withdrawal of Kurdish forces.The town - referred to as Iraq's Christian capital - is located 30km (19 miles) south-east of the city of Mosul.
Flooding has left a man trapped in his car on a roundabout near a Tesco supermarket after 50mm of rain fell in Cambridgeshire in an hour. The weather also hit Norfolk and Lincolnshire where homes were evacuated and an air display cancelled.
Falkirk boss Ian Houston wants another striker. Falkirk manager Ian Houston says any forward signing will need to be "better than young Botti Bia-Bi and Scott Shepherd".
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build two new developments in the Edinburgh area.
SW Radio Africa's final news bulletin, from an office outside London, was tinged with sadness
Judge Angela Finnerty said the woman should not have brought the child to England until a family court in Japan had resolved a dispute she was having with the her estranged husband.
Environment Minister Mark H Durkan said drilling could have a significant impact on the environment.Tamboran had intended to drill using "permitted development rights", which meant the firm would not have needed to apply for planning permission.The minister could only veto this if he assessed that work was likely to have "a significant environmental impact".
Venezuela to Colombia border closed for a month. The Venezuelan government says up to 40% of goods Venezuela subsidises for its domestic market are smuggled to Colombia.
Ladbrokes said its focus for the period had been operational improvements, which meant its "financial performance would inevitably lag behind".
A new memorial has been unveiled at Thurso Police Station in Thurso to honour one of Britain's best Victorian detectives.Mr Swanson, who died in 1924, was one of the best detectives in the country at the time of the murder of the Earl of Crawford, who was found unceremoniously buried in woods near Dunecht in Aberdeenshire.A stone cross still marks the spot where the Earl's body was found in 1851.The distillery, which closed in 1852, is now long gone and ruined buildings now mark the spot.The family unveiled a new memorial to honour Mr Swanson was born at Geise, near Thurso, and went on
Tian Tian the giant panda may give birth at the end of the month, Edinburgh Zoo has said.
At 32, Pavey becomes oldest female gold medallist in the championships' history. At 32 years old, she becomes the oldest female medal winner in the history of the British athletics championships at the London Olympics. At the age of 32, she is the oldest woman to win a gold medal in the 100m at the European Athletics Championships in London, and the first British woman to do so since Paula Radcliffe in Munich 12 years ago.
Forth Road Bridge will close to all traffic in both directions at 22:00 for 30 minutes during the fireworks display.
Special Report: The Technology of Business. Quantum computers to crack the worldThe world is not enoughKeeping the cyber thieves at bay.
The Fourth Forum on the Development of Tibet, taking place in the Tibetan capital this week, is a Communist Party-run symposium and therefore an unavoidably political affair.But Lord Davidson of Glen Clova, a Labour party front-bencher in the House of Lords, is not only in attendance but happy.
Luis Suarez's appeal against a four-month ban has failed. He is though, sensibly I think, now allowed to train with the team.
A 38-year-old man, who was a back seat car passenger, is in a critical but stable condition in hospital following the crash.
Ukrainian forces have been shelling the rebel-held city of Donetsk in the east of the country.There is continuing confusion over the final destination of the Russian aid convoy.The convoy of at least 260 lorries carrying Russian aid has now halted, after moving towards the border. The convoy turned off the main highway - the M04 - on to a smaller road to the border, reports the BBC's Steve Rosenberg, who is following the convoy.We followed the convoy for about nine hours, having left Voronezh before dawn.We asked one commander to show us the contents of the lorry. He selected one, and
Man found unconscious at flat in Caledonia Court, Galloway. A man has been found dead at a flat in Galloway where he was pronounced dead a short time later.
Two children who go to the Miles of Smiles nursery in Baglan have been confirmed as having the virus
Antonio Conte has been appointed as Italy coach, the Italian Football Federation has announced.Cesare Prandelli resigned as Azzurri coach last month
Leeds Rhinos: Sam Hood joins Leeds at the end of the 2013 Super League season. Sam Hood has signed a new contract with Leeds Rhino-wolves for the 2015 season.
Several organisations are interested in turning other sites into studios.
Hearts goalkeeper Lee Hollis is a doubt for Sunday's Edinburgh derby with Hibernian.
Police say they broke up the crowd of about 150 in the suburb of Ferguson after being called to the scene of a disturbance after the curfew started.A police car reportedly came under fire and a person was hurt in an apparently unrelated shooting in the same area.Someone also shot at a police car but it was not clear if it had been hit.The teenager's killing caused dismay across the US, with peaceful nationwide vigils held on Thursday night, while images of riot police deployed in an American city suburb have made headlines worldwide.A five-hour curfew, running from midnight (05:00 GMT), was imposed in response
Hull City winger Robert Snodgrass out for six months. Hull City boss Bruce Bruce says winger Robert snodgrass will miss six months after suffering a knee injury. Hull manager Bruce Bruce has confirmed that winger Robert "Snodgrass" will be out for "six months" after sustaining a knee ligament injury in the club's Premier League opener against QPR.
The convoy was heading through northern Paris on its way to Le Bourget airport late on Sunday evening when it was raided, reports say.The gunmen seized a vehicle carrying the money and documents, later releasing the driver and two others.
Paul Robson is the second trader at the Dutch bank to plead guilty to trying to rig the Yen Libor rate and the first Briton to do so.
Three operators shortlisted for Northern and TransPennine franchises. Three operators have been shortlisted to run the Northern Rail and Trans-Pennine Express franchises.
Rat poison killed the female bird of prey, which was discovered in a quarry in Penmaenmawr in June
The Church of the Almighty God cult is banned in China but claims to have millions of members.
Australia's Woodside Energy posts record half-year profit. Australia's biggest oil and gas producer, Woodside, has reported a record profit for the six months to June.
The girls lost everything in the accident apart from their passports, debit cards and cash.
NHS England says hospitals should work together to tackle the problem.The problem of resistance would get worse unless new and effective antibiotics were developed.NHS England wants to encourage greater co-ordination within hospitals to ensure sepsis is diagnosed and treated quickly.It cited Nottingham University Hospitals Trust, which has been praised for use of laptops by staff to record patient data and symptoms and ensure they are analysed quickly by clinicians.The Intensive Care Society recently launched a campaign to raise awareness of sepsis to avoid what it says are thousands of preventable deaths.There are 37,000 deaths a year in the UK
Scientists have struggled to explain the so-called pause that began in 1999, despite ever increasing levels of CO2 in the atmosphere.The latest theory says that a naturally occurring 30-year cycle in the Atlantic Ocean is behind the slowdown.The researchers say this slow-moving current could continue to divert heat into the deep seas for another decade.However, they caution that global temperatures are likely to increase rapidly when the cycle flips to a warmer phase.According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), global average temperatures have increased by around 0.05C per decade in the period between 1998 and 2012.
Former taoiseach Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 82.The Fianna Fáil politician, who was born in Rooskey in County Roscommon, led the party in two coalition governments.Mr Reynolds was a member of Dáil Éireann (Irish Parliament) at the 1977 general election, when he was elected for the constituency of Longford/Westmeath.As Irish minister for posts and telegraphs and minister for transport from 1979-81, he revolutionised the telecommunications system.As minister for industry and energy in 1982, Mr Reynolds developed the National Grid, establishing the gas pipeline
The number of public authority homes sold in the year to March rose from 1,209 to 1,526.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief commercial officer, replacing Paul Faulkner, who left Villa Park in July.
Scotland Under-21 international Kevin McHattie is Hearts' first-choice left-back
Paralympian Katie Butterfield sets new F51 European record of 17.68m. Paralympic wheelchair thrower Kat Butterfield celebrates after setting a new European record in the women's F51 throw at the London 2012 Paralympics.
LibyaLibya were originally scheduled to hold the Nations Cup in 2013 but because of the civil war swapped with 2017 hosts South Africa.The north African country had been planning to build 11 stadiums at a cost of $314 million, including a showpiece new 60,000-seater Austrian-built stadium on the site of a former military camp in Tripoli.Benghazi and Misrata were also set to have new major stadiums.Libya also delayed the scheduled start of their new league season earlier this month
Three of those executed had been convicted of an attack in Tiananmen Square in Beijing last October, in which five people died, Xinhua said.The others were found guilty of crimes including bomb-making and arson.
Cardiff Blues, Newport Gwent Dragons, Scarlets and Jones' own Ospreys are expected to sign a new deal this week. A new deal between the WRU and Cardiff Blues is expected to be signed this week, Wales and British and Irish Lions lock Rhys Jones says. Wales and Welsh Lions lock Wales and Lions lock Gareth Jones says it is "nice to have it done because we've heard for the last 18 months, potentially two years, that this is going to be sorted."
South Yorkshire Police's public protection unit spent a "great deal of time" trying to "disprove" allegations, said HM Inspectorate of Constabulary.It said the force's public protection unit showed "a disregard for victims". It said: "There is an inherent risk that a significant number of reported offences of a serious nature have not been recorded and that vulnerable victims have, as a consequence, been left unprotected or at risk of further offending."The force currently has 173 "live" investigations into suspected CSE. The number includes 32 probes in Rotherham, a spokeswoman for the force said.Su
The Nato summit will be held in Newport on Saturday and Sunday.More than 150 heads of state and ministers will attend the two-day event at Newport's Celtic Manor Resort.
A Canadian Lancaster, currently on a UK tour, performed an engine shutdown during a flight in County Durham.
Lesotho Prime Minister Thomas Thabane says he will return to the country as soon as he knows he is not going to get killed. "I have been removed from control not by the people but by the armed forces, and that is illegal," he said.
Subhan Shafiq stepped down as Milton Keynes mayor after describing the man as being of "good current character".
US air strikes have broken the siege of the town of Amerli in Iraq's Sunni-majority Anbar province.The US military said it had carried out two further air strikes on IS positions on Sunday. Fifteen IS fighters are said to have been captured.US and Iraqi planes provided air cover overnight.The UN had expressed fears there could be a massacre if IS took the town, which lies in Kurdish-controlled Iraq.The operation to reach Amerli began on Saturday when an alliance of Iraq government forces, Shia militias and Kurdish Peshmerga began a two-front attack on Islamic State positions.Reports described it as the
Abel Hernandez signs for Hull from Palermo. Abel Hernandez has signed a three-year deal at Hull City, the Premier League club's record transfer outlay this summer. Hull City have completed the signing of striker Abel Hernandez from Italian Serie A side Parma for a club-record transfer fee of £10m.Hernandez has scored seven goals in 14 matches for Uruguay and made two appearances at the 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Norwich City loanee Josh Surman returns to Dean Court. Norwich City have signed Norwich City striker Joshua Surman on a season-long loan from Bournemouth.
East Kent Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust has been put into special measures after inspectors found problems with safety, leadership and "a culture of bullying".
Magda and Miguel Tilli started their own company, Home Lovers, specialising in renting houses in Lisbon city centre.The couple, from Portugal's capital, Lisbon, are the first to launch a start-up in the country, with their app, Start-up Lisboa, which allows people to rent out their own house or apartment through their mobile phone or tablet.Mr Tilli, 37, recalls: "We were at the beach, brainstorming about what we could do."Tapping into Mr Tilli's knowledge of the property market, they recognised that they could turn a problem - no one was
The Badger Edge Vaccination Scheme is part of the government's strategy to achieve bovine TB free status in England by 2038
A new study has found that people on low carbohydrate and low fat diets lose more weight than those on high carbohydrate and high fat diets.The study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, analysed data from 48 separate trials.The Canadian team concluded that sticking to a diet was more important than the diet itself.Obesity experts said all diets cut calories to a similar level, which may explain.
Based on a true story, Pride shows how gay rights campaigners from London raised thousands of pounds for miners in the Dulais Valley, after the NUM had spurned their supportDespite initial scepticism on both sides, the characters break down preconceptions and strike an enduring friendshipStarring Bill Nighy, Dominic West and Imelda Staunton, the movie played to critical acclaim at the Cannes Film Festival this summerBut, according to writer Stephen Beresford, it's a tale which had almost been airbrushed out of collective gay history"It was in the early 1990s, during the second round of pit closures,
A knife has reportedly been found in the hands of a prisoner at a prison in Northumberland, but no lock-down or search was ordered.
Ebola: What can we expect in the months, and possibly years, to come?Dr Christopher Dye, the director of strategy in the office of the director general at the World Health Organization, has the difficult challenge of predicting what will happen next.He told the BBC: "We're quite worried, I have to say, about the latest data we've just gathered."Up until a couple of weeks ago, the outbreak was raging in Liberia especially close to the epicentre of the outbreak in Lofa County and in the capital Monrovia.However, the two other countries primarily hit by the outbreak,
Yorkshire has a population of five million, an economy twice that of Wales, but with the powers of neither."The government appears to be leaving the door ajar as far as giving limited devolved powers to at least some sort of "Northern" political body is concerned.Over the past few months David Cameron, George Osborne and Nick Clegg have all lugged their soapboxes to Yorkshire promising billions of extra taxpayers' money will be heading "up north" accompanied by local autonomy on how it should be spent.It is over a decade since the last Labour government's proposals for directly-elected regional assemblies for the three northern regions of Yorkshire
The remains are believed to date to the medieval period, but could be Roman.The discovery was made about six weeks ago and since then we have obtained a licence from the Ministry of Justice to exhume the remains Gary Turner, head of investment and partnership at Westleigh
Nairobi's Ashleys Kenya is the most professionally run chain of salons in Kenya.Ashleys is also the current holder of the local franchise of the Miss World beauty pageant - known as Miss World Kenya.The BBC's business teams across Africa meet the continent's entrepreneurs who are starting up new enterprises and seeking to create big opportunities.Read more: New Entrepreneurs"We were sponsors for two years and when they were ready to change the franchise holder, they approached me, and asked whether we would be interested," says Terry. "I have a bias in trying to bring up young women to have confidence in themselves
Gold and silver prices fell to their lowest levels in almost five years on Friday as investors worried about the impact of the US oil spill on the global economy.The pound was down 0.10% against the dollar at $1.6314.The dollar was trading 0.13% higher against the euro, but still below the euro's level.The US dollar was up 0.12% against a basket of major currencies, but was still below its recent peak against the yen.Gold was down 4.5% and silver 4.2%. Gold was down 5.5%, while silver was down 3.
Woking council will hold a public meeting on Tuesday in response to a petition in June, when 478 residents asked it to look again at the plans.
Alibaba has filed to sell up to $24.3bn (£15bn) in its initial public offering (IPO) in the US.The company is selling 123.1 million of the 320.1m shares in the IPO.Meanwhile, selling shareholders, including Mr Ma, Yahoo, and executive vice chairman Joe Tsai, are offering the rest.
Slide on Cancer in Londonderry's Shipquay Street.
Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has been accused of running a bribery scheme.The names were published in Veja, one of Brazil's leading magazines, just weeks before the presidential election.
Two dogs died as the fire spread in Ballyoran Park, Belfast. A fire has killed two dogs as it spread from one house to neighbouring properties in Belfast.
Mixed-team event silver for Britain. Britain's mixed-team team silver in the women's team event at the London 2012 Olympic Games.
England boss Roy Hodgson: We have to make sure we learn from losing the battle and win the war.Roy Hodgson's England face Switzerland at the St Jakob-Park on Monday in their first competitive match since their shock World Cup exit. England manager Harry Hodgson says the pain of the World Cup still lingers as he looks to build towards the European Championship finals in 2016.
Andy Murray: Ivan Lendl keen to return as coach. Former world number one and eight-time Grand Slam champion Ivan Lendsl says he would like to coach Andy Murray again. Andy Murray's former coach Ivan Lendersl has said he is keen to take up another role as a coach.
Nick Clegg says the party's Young Person's Bus Pass scheme would be paid for by cutting the winter fuel allowance and free TV licences for better-off pensioners.The Lib Dem leader, who became the target of angry students for performing a U-turn on tuition fees after entering government in 2010, said: "Liberal Democrats are committed to building a stronger economy and a fairer society, enabling people to get on in life."The party is also promising to end imprisonment for people found carrying a small amount of drugs for personal use and to set up a commission to assess the effectiveness of current drugs laws and alternative approaches
We've seen a great deal of attention given over the weekend to a poll from YouGov printed in the Sunday Times, which put the "Yes" campaign ahead by 51% to 49%, excluding the don't knows.The first thing to say is that we should not get too excited about a single poll - another poll from Panelbase, for example, still puts the.
Police said he was found on a train from Hereford to Malvern at 16:55 BST.
Wound care - which includes dealing with problems like pressure sores and infection after surgery - is thought to account for around 5% of the NHS's overall budget and is rising
Commons Speaker John Bercow decided to pause the process amid MPs' concerns about Ms Mills' suitability. A committee of MPs has been set up to look into the appointment process for the next clerk of the House of Commons. The Commons Speaker has set up a new committee to examine the question of whether the role of the Clerk should be divided between different officials.
Clyde Blowers Capital has completed the sale of Ferguson Shipbuilders.
But today, nearly half of the Dutch firm's business is focused on healthcare.
The proposed facility would include six indoor and six outdoor tennis courts, a nine-hole golf course with a practice range, coaching suites and a cafe.
England's Joe Root: 'I won't be putting my money on England, but, I will say this about the World Cup; we play Sri Lanka, New Zealand and Australia then three minnows'. England captain Joe Root discusses a number of cricketing issues, including his concerns for the future of Test cricket and next summer's Ashes series in England.
Nick D'Aloisio told the BBC he was currently deciding between working full-time for the California-based company or going to university.The 18-year-old has just released an iPad edition of Yahoo's News Digest, for which he acts as project manager.He is also developing an Apple Watch version, among other projects."For the lightweight news consumption that we have, [News] Digest is absolutely suited for this device," he said."Because of the summarisation element to this app, it just inherently makes sense when you have a constrained screen."We've been thinking about designing the concept of taking Digest to wear
US officials say the number of Islamic State (IS) fighters in Iraq and Syria has increased to about 10,000, according to the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).US Secretary of State John Kerry is visiting Turkey, seeking more support for action against IS.US officials say retired Gen John Allen will be tasked with forming an international coalition to fight IS.
The Cambridge University Library has housed the Codex Zacynthius since 1984.It was offered first refusal to buy the New Testament manuscript and had until the end of August.
A child has been shot by her father who was found dead at the scene of a shooting in Northiam, near Rye.
Hundreds of animal lovers arrived at the scene of the blaze, which broke out at Manchester Dogs' Home in Moss Brook Road in Harpurhey
Penelope Davis was tending to her horses when she was attacked.
Crystal Palace 2-2 Everton: Leighton Baines penalty gives Everton hope. Crystal Palace boss Neil Warnock: "This gives everyone a lot of belief and we were disappointed not to win it today."
Amy Pope and Sam Paterson are the first recruits to the Holywell monastic community.
Watson's early departure comes less than a month after her first-round defeat in straight sets
Alex Salmond: 'I got Braveheart from my grandfather's knee'. He was the town plumber in Linlithgow. And my grandfather was a local historian. He showed me where all the great things had happened. He was a national historian.
Uighur scholar Tohti is being tried at the Intermediate People's Court in Urumqi, the capital of Xinjiang.He has been detained since January, after he condemned the government's response to a suicide car attack in Tiananmen Square. He denies the charges against him.
Apple has introduced a new security measure to prevent cyber-thieves logging into its iCloud accounts with a stolen or guessed password.The move follows suggestions third-party software had been used to steal intimate photos of celebrities - posted online last month - from iCloud. The move comes after a number of high-profile hacks in which hackers were able to gain access to Apple's iCloud accounts by using a tool called Elcomsoft's Phone Password Breaker.The security measure is designed to prevent hackers from gaining access to iCloud accounts without having to be in possession of a suspect's iPhone or iPad.However, the security facility remains an opt-
Chuck Chuck Feeney is an Irish American philanthropist who has spent the last 30 years losing a fortune - but all in the name of charity. The 83-year-old businessman made his money selling luxury duty free goods to travellers across the world, but he rejects the trappings of wealth himself. He does not own a home or a car, and famously wears a watch that was bought for just $15 (Â£9).
Europa League: Everton 4-2 Wolfsburg. Everton beat Bundesliga side Wolfsburg to reach the quarter-finals of the Europa League for the first time since 2010 as a Ricardo Rodriguez own goal and a Seamus Coleman header gave them a 2-0 half-time lead.Leighton Baines put the game beyond Wolfsburg with a second-half penalty. Kevin Mirallas drilled in a late fourth for Everton before Rodriguez grabbed a consolation with a curled free-kick.
John McIlwaine was in charge of the team that recovered the remains of Danny McIlhone in 2008 and Charlie Armstrong in 2010
Hannah Witheridge and David Miller were found dead on a beach on the island of Koh Tao on Monday.
Russian media bill is to go before Duma (lower house) deputies on 23 September, Itar-Tass news agency reports
Cardiff City: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sacked as manager. Cardiff City manager Olegun Olsson has been sacked after seven games in charge of the Bluebirds, who are relegated from the Premier League. Cardiff's relegation from the top flight has been confirmed by the club's board, who have also sacked former striker Olegun Solskjær, who was appointed in January 2014. Cardiff boss Solskjaner has been dismissed as manager after seven matches in charge, with the club being relegated to the Championship.The Norwegian was sacked by the Cardiff board at the end of the season following a poor run of
Angel Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy is likely to have had a bigger impact than other celebrity announcements, a new study suggests.The actress revealed in May last year she had had the surgery, after being told she had an 87% chance of the disease because of a high-risk gene.The news encouraged women with genuine concerns about their family history to get advice, a study found.In June and July the number of GP referrals for genetic counselling and DNA tests for breast cancer mutations increased two and a half times compared with the same period in 2012.
Ireland's economy is in "a catch-up phase... after recession", the finance minister says. Ireland's economic growth has accelerated to its fastest pace since the early 2000s, the government says.
Kenya's Westgate mall attack has boosted the private security industry in the country's capital, Nairobi. The attack at the Westgate shopping mall in the Kenyan capital, which killed 67 people and injured more than 200, has prompted the government to increase the number of security officers in the city.The attack has also led to a fall in revenues in Kenya's important tourism sector, but it has also boosted business in the security industry. The Westgate attack has led to the government increasing the number security officers at the mall, which was attacked by gunmen in June last year. The attack contributed to a drop in revenues
Firefighters are battling the King fire, 60 miles (97km) east of Sacramento.The blaze has consumed wide swathes of timber in Eldorado National Forest.
Isis Boutique in Malvern, Worcestershire, has been linked to Islamic State, which has killed hostages including British aid agency worker David Haines.
Sierra Leone has imposed a 24-hour curfew in the country's capital, Freetown, to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus.The UK has pledged to help build new treatment centres and provide 700 new hospital beds in Sierra Leone.
The FTSE 100 share index was up 0.27%, or 18 points, closing at 6837.92.An initial rally in the pound faded. The pound was down 0.48% against the dollar at 1.6322.
David Cameron says the "West Lothian question" - English votes for English laws - needs a decisive answer.This is important in terms of Conservative Party management as there is an English backlash from English Conservative MPs who think the current settlement is unfair.Some would say that banning Scottish MPs from some votes in the House of Commons would create two classes of MPs.But he said the focus must also be on the rest of the UK and what each nation can expect in the future, including how funding is allocated from central government.He said: "It is time for our United Kingdom to come together and to move forward."
Spending on public services in Scotland is a fifth higher per person than south of the border, and it is 28% higher in Northern Ireland.In Wales, the increment on public-service spending is 14% - which the Welsh have often complained is too little, compared with the transfer of income to Scotland.The point is that as and when there is an English parliament for English people - of the sort that the former Tory minister John Redwood has been demanding, and David Cameron seemed to concede today - the financial transfer from England to the rest of the UK may be harder to sustain.So these constitutional reforms will be tricky, if
A record 3.6 million people turned out to vote in the Scottish independence referendum.More than 100,000 of the total were 16 to 17-year-olds who had registered to vote.
Southend floods: Pearl Dragon restaurant collapses under the weight of the rain. The roof of a popular restaurant collapsed under flood water on the seafront at Soutend in Essex.
Angelina Jolie says Africa is a story that deserves to be told.
Woodpeckers caused "extensive damage" by making holes in parts of the spire at St Mary's Church in Headley near Epsom.
Education Minister Huw Lewis said the Welsh government's draft 10-year plan would help support "raise the status" of early years carers.
PakistanIslamabad ISI chief Rizwan Akhtar has been promoted from major-general to lieutenant-general.
DSI Plumbing and Heating Ltd of Hampshire was fined £1,000 and ordered to pay costs of £250 at Bournemouth Crown Court.
Hinkley Point C would be the first new nuclear power station to be built in Britain since 1995Anti-nuclear campaigners have called the commission's decision a "U-turn".Antoine Colombani, commission spokesman for competition and for vice-president Joaquin Almunia, said: "Our discussions […].
The Czech Republic's Martin Kreuziger has been cleared of doping after the Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled that he was not guilty of the charges against him.Kreuziger began 2014 by finishing third at the Tirreno-Adriatico in Italy and claiming eighth in the Tour de Suisse.He was withdrawn from this year's race because of possible irregularities in his biological passport.The UCI decided to ban him provisionally in August pending the Czech Olympic Committee's ruling.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel will try to keep their title hopes alive at the Singapore Grand Prix on Sunday, but it is too early to consider team orders to aid their challenge for the championship, according to Red Bull team principal Christian Horner.Ricciardo finished second to Hamilton in Singapore on Sunday with Rosberg third while Nico Rosberg retired with an electrical failure.
Welsh secretary Owen Crabb has pledged to keep Wales at the discussion table on the future of devolved powers across Britain.A new UK cabinet committee chaired by Commons Leader William Hague will now meet for the first time on Wednesday.Mr Crabb's comments come as Wales' First Minister Carwyn Jones called for a convention on future of the UK.Speaking on Tuesday at the Labour Party conference, Mr Jones said the union cannot be rebuilt through conversation between only Westminster and Scotland.
Chinese troops have entered what India says is its territory near the disputed border.
Portuguese healthcare firm ESS is up for sale by Chinese firm Fosun. Portuguese healthcare group ESS has been looking to sell various parts of its business since applying for creditor protection in July.
Residents are "devastated" at the move, according to a local councillor.
Wales in the 13th Century was a mixture of regional powers. By the middle of the previous century, most of the lowland areas, particularly in south Wales, were under English control, in the form of Anglo-Norman barons from the Marches and across Glamorganshire to Pembroke.Gwynedd and the north-west of Wales remained largely independent.But as the century wore away, and Edward I of England came to power, the balance of power changed as Llywelyn refused to pay tribute to Edward.In 1276 Edward I led an invasion into Gwynedd
He has been taken to a south London police station
Sunderland Ladies striker has scored 66 goals is 68 appearances in two-and-a-half seasons, including 13 in 17 in this season's FA Women's Super League 2.
Emma said: "I think it is right, that socially I am afforded the same respect as men, but sadly, I can say, that there is no one country […].
The strikes were expected as part of President Barack Obama's pledge to "destroy" IS.
Uk Ukulele Orchestra of Great BritainThe UOGB had sought a High Court injunction against the rival group of British players.
The solar panels will be installed on 50 homes this year, 1,000 next year and 950 in 2016/2017.
Ryder Cup 2014: Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose ready to lead Europe. Sergio Garcia, Justin Rose and Ian Poulter are the key figures in the European team for the Ryder Cup in Scotland. Rory McIlroy is confident he will be able to beat the United States in the opening Ryder Cup fourballs at the Royal Aberdeen Golf Club in Scotland.The United States have repeatedly stated that beating the world number one would give them a boost of greater significance than the point they would put on the scoreboard.But that tumultuous final day when the bleakness lifted proved the launch pad for Rose's career.It undoubtedly helped him win the US
The Hydrus Group has started work on a specialist manufacturing base at the Brechin Business Park.
Bradley Wiggins wins world time trial gold at Road World Championships. Bradley Wiggins celebrates after winning the men's time trial at the road World Championships in Spain. Team Sky rider Bradley Wiggins has won the world road time trial title to go with his three national titles and gold at the London Olympics in the discipline.
Christopher Hogwood, who founded the Academy of Ancient Music (AAM) in 1973 and directed the academy across six continents for some 30 years, has died.
Dartmoor Hill pony herders are considering allowing the meat trade for their ponies.The group claims numbers have dropped from about 30,000 at the beginning of the century to just 1,500 in 2011.The DHPA said if numbers continued to fall, the breed could lose its hardiness to survive on the moor.
A month ago, Joshua Davies fell from a bridge near his home in Pontypridd, fracturing his spine in four places.The reason for the fall? According to Joshua, it was to get away from bullies.
India Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched his 'Make in India' campaign in the capital, New Delhi.
Former IRA commander Martin McGuinness says his mother Peggy was "traumatised" to learn the truth. The former IRA commander said he had not told his parents about his membership of the paramilitary organisation.
Anjem Choudary is a deeply controversial Islamic figure, a man who many Muslims despise because they believe he causes enormous damage to their position in British society.
Fosse Park, near junction 21 of the M1, opened in 1989 and was bought in August for Â£345.5m.
Alexis Scott, 39, tricked people into thinking they had too much cash on them as they boarded flights in April 2013.She was convicted of six counts of theft and one count of misfeasance - carrying out a legal act illegally - at Canterbury Crown Court in July.Scott, of High Grove, London, was told she preyed on victims' "panic".During the trial, the court was told Scott had targeted long-haul passengers at the North Terminal.People said they were approached at the departure gate and told they could not take more than Â£1,000 in cash out of the country.
The daughter of a British aid worker who was killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has said she hopes his body will be returned to his family.The daughter of Aid Worker David Haines has said her father will be remembered and not for the way he was shown in a video showing him being held hostage by the group.The 17-year-old said: "IS need to be eradicated. They can't be doing this to people and get away with it. No matter what nationality, if they are Western or not."Hundreds of Syrians have been killed by them. If airstrikes and ground force
Some residents of James Turner Street in Birmingham complained that they had been misled before appearing on the programme.
Wigan's Sam Tomkins: 'I'd never say I'd never want to go back to NRL'. Wigan full-back Tomkins says he could not picture himself playing for another Super League club should he return to the NRL.
FBI boss James Comey said the plans to enable encryption by default could thwart law enforcement investigations.Lives could depend on police forces continuing to get access to the data on devices used by criminals and terrorists, he said.
The Welsh government has agreed to pay Â£20,000-a-year for three years for a site to store the 15th Century vessel discovered in 2002.
There are two in the region at the moment - Stockton South's James Wharton and Hexham's Guy OppermanFew in number then, but uniquely placed to tell the rest of the party how the north is feeling about the fall-out from the Scottish referendumThey are after all from the region closest to the borderBoth then have been keen to comment on the future for both Scottish and English devolution following the referendum no voteThey support the push for Scottish MPs to be excluded from votes on English matters, but believe other measures are needed specifically for the NorthJames Wharton was one of the Conservative MPs invited to Chequers to
Cuba's state-owned cosmetics company Labiofam has apologised for using the names of Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez in its colognes, saying they are "sacred symbols of the Revolution".The cologne - Ernesto and Hugo - were unveiled on Thursday by a state laboratory in the capital, Havana.Labiofam said Ernesto, the cologne named after the Argentine-born revolutionary who helped Fidel Castro take over in Cuba in 1959, would be a woodsy and refreshing citric scent with notes […].
The third death was announced on Monday and five are critically ill in hospital, following the event in Haaksbergen in Overijssel province.
LudoSport has opened its first academy teaching seven forms of combat from the Star Wars world using flexible blades mounted on weighted hilts.
Paul Mason, of Ipswich, used to weigh 70 stone (440kg) but has lost more than 40 stone (254kg) with the help of gastric band surgery.
An armed security contractor with a felony criminal record is allowed to board a lift with the president in a government building in Atlanta.The incident came to light on Tuesday, hours after the boss of the Secret Service was grilled by Congress about a security breach at the White House. The man was found when the man was questioned by agents after taking a video of the President in the lift. A Secret Service official confirmed the incident but declined to comment.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for both attacks on Twitter, saying they were a continuation of an offensive which started in the summer.
A school playground in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk was shelled on the first day of the school year, killing at least six people, including a biology teacher and a parent, witnesses say.The school is 4km (2.5 miles) from Donetsk airport, where rebels have clashed with Ukrainian troops.Ukrainian military spokesman Andriy Lysenko told reporters the airport was still under government control but rebel leader Alexander Zakharchenko told news agencies it would be fully captured in two to three days.But DPR deputy leader Andrei Purgin told Russian TV that Ukrainian rocket launchers had targeted residential areas from as
India's Yashwantra Chand has been cleared to race by a landmark ruling questioning the validity of so-called gender tests around naturally high testosterone levels in female athletes.The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has suspended the International Association of Athletics Federations' "hyperandrogenism" rules for two years.The rules will be scrapped if the IAAF, International Olympic Committee (IOC) and other leading sports bodies cannot provide new evidence supporting them.However, Chand's career has been on hold for a year, leading to her missing both the Commonwealth Games and Asian Games after she refused to subject herself to the
Wales was around 40th out of 68 in the last Pisa international school test results for science, maths and reading released last December Wales also fell behind the rest of the UK with an average score of 468As a comparison, Scotland scored over 500 points last year, which means that the new target for Wales in 2021 would put it on a par with Scotland
The Global AgeWatch Index 2014 measures the social and economic welfare of those over 60 in 96 countries.
Nick Griffin was the BNP's leader for 15 controversial years.
The service is free to use although users will be shown adverts as they wait for their phone to charge.Many of the UK's red telephone boxes have largely fallen into disuse although some are being revived as libraries or being fitted with medical equipment.
The camera on a 30mph limit junction of Newport Road is catching an average of 71 speeding drivers every day.
A 56-year-old man had to be placed in a medically-induced coma after he was attacked on Davies Row in the town on Sunday.
The Russian Embassy in London has presented medals to the men of the Arctic Convoys.More than 3,000 men died during the maritime campaign that Winston Churchill was said to have called the "worst journey in the world".More than 2,000 British seamen died in the Arctic convoys during World War II.The Russian embassy said the convoys allowed Russian soldiers to defeat the Germans on the Eastern Front.Mr Lewis said: "I certainly don't see myself as a hero - far from it - and I think all my friends and colleagues, many of whom sadly are no longer with us, would regard us as simply doing
Anni Dewani was shot dead in Cape Town in November 2010, just days after the couple's wedding in India
Catalonia - its history, politics and language That is the process that the Catalan parliament has voted to start - with plans for legislation to begin by early December on a separate constitution, treasury and social security system.Spain's rapid return to democracy after the death of dictator General Francisco Franco in 1975 brought devolution for Catalonia, along with Spain's other regions.But Spain's economic crisis hit Catalonia hard, leaving it with 19% unemployment (compared with 21% nationally).The region, which makes up 16% of Spain's population, accounts for almost 19% of Spanish GDP but there is a widespread feeling that the central government
She said she will seek a judicial review against Mark H Durkan
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers: Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson score to secure first Premier League win since late August. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says his team's form will improve following the upcoming international break.
India Gate child found with placard around her neck. A nine-year-old Indian girl who went missing after visiting the India Gate monument in Delhi has been found with her name and her father's telephone number on her neck, police say. The child was found on a road outside a gurudwara in Janakpuri area in west Delhi.
Llanbedr is one of eight possible locations for the UK spaceport. The UK government wants to secure a slice of the global space economy.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has said the British media and business classes need to get past a "caricature" of France.Speaking at the London Guildhall, Mr Valls said the UK media consistently portrayed France as "left-wing and anti-business".
Northstone showed a pre-tax profit of??6m on turnover of??239m, compared to 2012 when profit of.
Justin Gatlin nominated for IAAF's athlete of the year. Gatlin's nomination for the IAAF award is causing anger among some in the sport. The former Olympic and world champion is nominated as one of the male athletes of 2014.
Maidenhead boss Johnson Hippolyte says he is happy to have Drax Campbell back. Former Birmingham and Queens Park Rangers striker Jamie Campbell is at Maidenhead to rediscover his love for the game, having come close to retiring after being wrongly implicated in a match-fixing scandal. Jamie Campbell has signed for Conference South side Maidenhead in the FA Cup third qualifying round.
Type 1 diabetes is caused by the immune system destroying the cells that control blood sugar levels.
Five things we've learnt about the sport this week. Kevin Pietersen, one of the most destructive batsman ever to have padded up for England, has been at the centre of a storm over his behaviour in the dressing room.The image of a close knit collection of professionals pulling in the same direction is forever in tatters.The players on the receiving end of KP's cover drives have largely kept their council, although Tim Bresnan tweeted his disappointment at having been implicated, while Graeme Swann dismissed KP's ranting as "codswallop".Swann is now said to be consulting lawyers while Matt Prior has promised
Marussia's Romain Grosjean Bianchi dies at the Suzuka Grand Prix. Marussia driver Romain Bianchi has died in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in Suzuka, nine months after he was involved in an accident that led to his death.Bianchi's death has led to a period of introspection in a sport that had never stopped trying to improve safety since Ayrton Senna was killed at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix, the last F1 race driver to lose his life.
"They are nocturnal creatures so I hadn't seen them until one night when I was outside having a cigarette because I am not allowed to smoke in the house." I saw something move, went in and got a flashlight and saw them all in the cracks of the walls. They were in the eaves, all along the back wall, down the side of the house and under the kitchen window."It is a bit of worry for our pets. We have two cats and a Chihuahua and it would be terrible if they got bitten by them.
In Palmer on Thursday, at about 03:00 an officer told Karen and Jay Priest their son Justin, 29, had been killed.The devastated couple drove to Justin Priest's girlfriend's home to inform her, when he greeted them at the door.In fact, another man with the same name but different birthday was killed.
A man armed with a knife has been arrested on suspicion of attempted robbery and conspiracy to rob.
Lee Ingleby, who is starring in BBC One's Our Zoo, takes over from Neil Morrissey, who played the handyman from its launch in 1998.Also joining the series when it airs next year will be Downton Abbey's Joanne Froggatt, who'll play Bob's business partner Wendy.
Many of the people using the health service in England or Northern Ireland on Monday morning may not have noticed a huge difference. But many of those using the NHS in England and Northern Ireland are likely to have missed out on some of the benefits of the 1% pay rise. Many of those working in the NHS are not getting a progression-in-the-job pay rise, but they are still getting a 1% increase. This is because the government has agreed to pay 1% next year, while giving extra help to the lowest paid this year. It means the disruption during both strikes seems to have been limited to areas
A hoax device has been declared a hoax after police received a report of a suspicious device at the back of a business premises on Dunluce Street in the city centre. A hoax bomb alert was issued after a suspicious object was found at a business in the centre of the city.
Iceland 2, Netherlands 0Second Half ends, Iceland 0, Netherlands 1-0.Ragnar Sigurdsson (Iceland) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Kári Arnason.Klaas-Jan Huntelaar (Netherlands) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Foul by Leroy Fer.Rurik Gislason replaces Jon Dadi Bodvarsson.Rafal Hafnar Þór Halldórsson wins a free kick in the defensive half.Rolando Martins Indi (
The Booker Prize is the world's most prestigious literary prize for fiction.The winner will be announced at London's Guildhall on Tuesday night.It is the first year that the prize is open to all authors writing in English, regardless of nationality.
Watford 2, Nottingham Forest 2: Odion Ighalo and Antonio equalise. Watford come from behind to draw 2-2 at home to Nottingham Forest, but Antonio equalises from the penalty spot to leave new boss Slavisa Jokanovic with four points from his first two games.Odion Antonio (Nottingham Forest) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.Attempt saved.Media playback is not supported on this device
If you leave your mobile phone somewhere do you worry you will not be able to check it?If any of this sounds familiar, there is a chance you could be spending too much time on social networks.An exclusive online Newsbeat poll suggests that a quarter of 15 to 18-year-olds in the UK feel happier online than they do in real life.Dr Radha from The Surgery on Radio 1 has dealt with patients who have displayed "a lot of social anxiety" because they are using social networks too much."Being online can provoke a sense of 'I'm not good enough, everyone else is having
Jules Bianchi's father Philippe says his son will not give up on his son's recovery from a head injury in a crash at the Russian Grand Prix. The family of Formula 1 driver Jules Bianchi have said they are "desperate" as they wait for news of the condition of their son's head injury. The Bianchi is in a critical but stable condition in hospital in Sochi, Russia, after he was involved in a head-on collision with Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel at the Sochi Grand Prix on Sunday. The Italian Grand Prix is being held at Sochi's Sochi Autodrom. Jules
Lance Hohaia: Wigan's Ben Flower handed eight-game ban. Wigan forward Ben Flower has been handed an eight-match ban after becoming the first man to be sent off in a Grand Final.
Amara arrived in Norwich from West Africa a fortnight ago and was turned down by two landlords - one by letter.Both were happy for him to stay until he handed over his passport and they realised he was from a country at the centre of the current epidemic.He told Newsbeat that he was "devastated to be turned down".The letter said: "Under normal circumstance. Your profile would be a great profile to be one of our lodgers."However, given that the world is about to probably experience an Ebola epidemic, we have decided not to accept anyone that has been anywhere near the ebola outbreak within the last
The NI Composite Economic Index (NICEI) showed growth of 0.3% when compared to the first quarter of the year.Compared to the same period in 2013 the economy has grown by 1.2%The growth is being driven by the services and manufacturing industries while construction output is still falling.
Manchester Police have been made aware of abusive social media activity about the Rugby League Grand Final.
Apple will follow suit from January 2015.The policy is designed to attract and keep top female talent, by helping them avoid having to choose between.
Beat estimates 80% of those affected by eating disorders in the UK have misused laxatives in order to lose weight.It says supermarkets have done nothing to restrict sales of the medicine to young people.UK supermarkets say their sale of laxatives complies with regulation set by the medicines regulator, the MHRA.Beat says eating disorders most commonly develop during adolescence.Teens are turning to stimulant laxatives believing they can quickly lose weight, with some children known to be taking dozens of laxative pills on a daily basis, they say.Medical professionals warn that laxative abuse can cause diarrhoea, dehydration and electrolyte
Private parking companies in Scotland are being charged up to £200 for exceeding their time slot by as little as half an hour, according to a report by Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS).CAS is concerned about the effect on elderly and disabled Scots.CAS describe the level of complaints as "unprecedented", with over 3,653 parking enquires - an increase of 50% on the previous year.
Alcohol is responsible for around 1 in 20 of all deaths in Wales - 29 a week - according to Public Health Wales.
Who are the winners and losers of falling oil prices? Oil prices have fallen for the first time since May 2009, but who are the losers and winners?
A new study has found that the human line separated from apes 10 or 11 million years ago - much earlier than previously thought.The study in Nature journal also supports the finding that our species emerged from Africa some 60,000 years ago, before spreading around the world.The male hunter is one of the earliest modern humans discovered in Eurasia.The analysis raises the possibility that our human line first emerged millions of years earlier than current estimates.The work of Prof Svante Paabo, from the Max Planck Institute in Leipzig, Germany, is rewriting the story of humanity.Prof Paabo and his colleagues have
Macca Jebb: Shrewsbury Town sign Arsenal's Jamie McAllister and Arsenal Under-17s international Macca Jebb.
Two former Rabobank traders have been charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank fraud.
The Bank of England governor has warned that interest rates could remain lower for longer than he had expected because of weaker global growth, low wage growth and financial and political risks.
Blackpool's Josh Osbourne could make his debut against Colchester on Saturday.
Kilmarnock 0-2 Celtic. John Guidetti scores a second-half free-kick to give Celtic a 2-0 win over Kilmarna in the Scottish Premiership and move them up to fourth in the table. John Pascali (Celtic) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.Conceded by Conor Brennan.Corner,  Celtic.Foul by Jason Denayer (celtic).Michael Ngoo wins a free kick in the attacking half. Michael Ngoo (Kilnarnock) is fouled in the
Jose Manuel Barroso said Britain could not negotiate with the US and China "on an equal footing" on its own.
John Fell, from Cumbria, is confident his 1.5kg ostrich egg covered in meat will earn him a Guinness World Record.
A yellow severe weather warning has been issued as the remains of Hurricane Gonzalo reach Britain.
Chocolate shop chain Hotel Chocolat is one of the UK's earliest e-retailers, with 81 shops, eight cafes, two restaurants, and a hotel.Chocolat's first store opened in Watford in 2004, and the company has gone on to grow into a multi-million pound empire.The firm's 100% dark chocolate products, for example, took five years to become profitable, but it is now worth £70m in the year to the end of June 2013.The company has a range of chocolates that range from £3.75 to £10.50, with a
Coroner John Needham said his suicide could have been avoided had the hospital fitted a collapsible shower rail.Unsafe rails at the hospital have since been replaced, said a spokesman.In an inquest hearing last week, Mr Needham added: "This amounted to a gross systemic failure in the basic care provided to Ben"."I have considered the systemic failures that led to this tragedy and I have also considered the steps that have been taken to prevent similar tragedies happening in the future."The department of health and social care wishes to express its condolences
South African Olympic runner Oscar Pistorius is due to be sentenced on Tuesday for shooting dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, but cleared of murder.The prosecution has argued for a minimum 10-year jail sentence. Pistorius was convicted of culpable homicide after shooting dead girlfriend Reeva. South Africa's Olympic sprinter Oscar Pistorious Pistorius's brother and sister have said they are anxious ahead of Tuesday's sentencing, and that the last 20 months had been "very taxing".
11-month-old Harmonie-Rose Allen became ill in September and was rushed into Bristol Children's Hospital.
Strong winds are expected to cause disruption across the country as the remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo sweep in from the AtlanticIn Scotland, the west coast is expected to be the worst affected area as winds move towards the eastA few flights have been affected, ferries have been disrupted and the Skye Bridge is closed to all vehicles due to high windsThe strongest gust so far has been 64mph recorded on the Forth Road Bridge around 06:00
Staff shortages, population pressures and prison policy all contributed to the rise in self-inflicted deaths, according to the report.
Clermont Auvergne 13-3 Sale. Sale Sharks: Cipriani; Abendanon; Nakaitaci, Davies, Fofana, Nalaga; Lopez, Radosavljevic, Kayser, Ric, Cudmore, Jacquet, Bonnaire, Lapandry, Lee.
Oscar Pistorius, the South African Paralympian who shot and killed his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, has been handed a five-year jail sentence. He was led away from court in an armoured police van. He is expected to be housed in the hospital wing.
Steven Ward made 24 galleons from chocolate, with Maltesers doubling up as replica cannon balls
The NHS spent £8.84m on private ambulances in the capital last year compared to £795,000 in 2011.
If you'd like to find out about how to get into martial arts, read our special guide.
Llandudno has launched a new app called Alice in Wonderland to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the story's publication.The app, which is available for free on the App Store, allows users to take a picture of themselves standing next to the Mad Hatter, the Cheshire Cat or Alice herself.The developers claim it is the first time in the UK that "augmented reality" has been used in this way.They and Conwy council hope it will bring tourists to the town where the inspiration for Alice went on holiday.The original launch of the app in August was delayed after key figures for tourists
Tunisia Tunisia's election process means that no party is likely to win a majority of seats in the renamed National Assembly.However, political observers agree - in the absence of opinion polls, which are banned during the campaign - that the favourites are the Islamist Ennahda Movement and their secular opponents, the liberal Nidaa Tounes (Tunisia's Call).A number of other parties are in contention, including the centre-ground secular Congress for the Republic (CPR) and secular Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberty (FDTL or Ettakatol) and those led by former officials of Ben Ali's regime.
GDF Suez and BP have made a new discovery in the Central and Southern North Sea. The discovery is the third successful well this year and demonstrates a continuing commitment to an active exploration programme on the UK Continental Shelf.
Reveillere joins Arsenal from Napoli in Italy's Serie A
The Pirates of the Caribbean star will play the title role in Therese Raquin, based on Emile Zola's 1867 classic.Described as "a tale of love, lust, betrayal, and guilt," the play will cast her as a young woman trapped in a loveless marriage who has an affair with one of her husband's friends.
She released her first solo album Malagasy Blues Song in 2013.
Albanian fans were banned from entering the stadium by Uefa on safety grounds and the match was set against a backdrop of tight security.Serbia's Stefan Mitrovic grabbed the flag, prompting an angry reaction from Albanian players
Stem cells that can make and release cancer-killing drugs have been genetically engineered to produce and secrete toxins which kill brain tumours, without killing normal cells or themselves.Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital and the Harvard Stem Cell Institute say the technique could be used to treat patients with glioblastoma, the most common brain tumour in adults.They said the next stage was to test the procedure in humans.A stem cell expert said this was "the future" of cancer treatment.Chris Mason, professor of regenerative medicine at University College London, said: "This is a clever study, which signals
Crewe Alexandra striker Jordan Oliver signs first professional contract with Sheffield Wednesday.
Staffordshire bull terrier Ziggy was found in remote woodland near Wansford in Peterborough on Wednesday morningX-rays showed the weapon had just missed his skull and vital organsRSPCA Insp Justin Stubbs helped a vet "slowly, slowly pull the bolt out" of the sedated dogThe two-year-old dog had been deliberately shot.It is thought Ziggy only survived by moving his head "at the right time".An examination of his injuries showed Ziggy had been roaming the woods for a few days, "terrified and in complete agony", before being found by two walkers.However, the
Hopwas Wood near Tamworth has been submitted by Lafarge Tarmac to the county council.The company claims much of the area was damaged by fire in the 1970s and can no longer be considered ancient woodland.
Scottish Labour Party leader Johann Lamont has quit her role as leader of the party in Scotland. Scottish Labour party chief executive Joanne Lamont says she is resigning as party leader after two weeks of "outrageous treatment" from the party's leadership. Scottish Labor Party leader Joanne Lambont has resigned as leader after she accused the party leadership of treating Scotland like a "branch office". She said: "Labour in Westminster, Labour in London has not a clue about the realities of Scottish politics."Joanne has been badly advised. The influences on Ed Miliband have not been helpful.
Taylor-Fletcher has featured only twice for the Foxes this season
It was held earlier this month in Hunan province.
A Co-op sign has been painted over after a spelling error was spotted close to the High Street in Warsop.
A new report from the National Trust for Old Age and Disability has revealed that prisons are less safe and less decent than they were even a year ago when we published our last report.
File on 4: The Last Taboo on 28 October at 20.00 GMT or later on iPlayer
The A835 Ullapool was closed for several hours because of a landslide at Garve.The road between Ardnarff and Strathcarron in the Highlands, on the A890 Stromeferry bypass, is likely to be closed for at least 12 hours after a large landslide.Police Scotland warned drivers to expect delays as the weather affected a number of roads across the country.The A82 south of Fort William partially reopened on Monday after two landslides blocked the road on Sunday.Police warned of "heavy flooding" on both carriageways of the A90 in Dundee, and officers
Google is working on technology that combines disease-detecting nanoparticles, which would enter a patient's bloodstream via a swallowed pill, with a wrist-worn sensor.The idea is to identify slight changes in the person's biochemistry that could act as an early warning system.Early diagnosis is the key to treating disease. Many cancers, such as pancreatic, are detected only after they have become untreatable and fatal.There are marked differences between cancerous and healthy tissues.Google's ambition is to constantly monitor the blood for the unique traces of cancer, allowing diagnosis long before any physical symptoms appear.As part of the
The Police Federation has warned that the service could be left without enough experienced officers.
Antares, built by Orbital Sciences Corp, exploded seconds after leaving the seaside launch pad at Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia.The rocket was due to carry nearly 5,000lb (2,200kgs) of supplies to six astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS). A US rocket carrying supplies to the space station has exploded on a launch pad in Virginia, destroying a cargo ship that was on top of it.The cause of the malfunction has yet to be determined.The initial planned launch of the spacecraft on Monday was delayed due to a yacht in the surrounding danger zone.The flight was expected to
Phil Collins' collection includes a fringed leather pouch used by Davy Crockett and Jim Bowie's legendary knife"There's things in there that will make your mouth drop," the Genesis star said in San AntonioThe donation was accepted on Tuesday by Texas Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson, who is campaigning for a new historical centre to house Collins'collection"Texans are deeply indebted to Phil Collins,'' Patterson said. "He is giving us back our heritage."Now these Texas treasures need a home where all can see them and study from them and learn about how Texans won our liberty.''The legendary battle, named after a former mission in San
Taiwan's Interior Ministry has banned officials from travelling to China for further education.The ban, effective Thursday, applies to officials with access to classified information, as well as ministers, mayors and country magistrates.
The Lucky Country by Donald Horne, which came out in 1964, has gone on to become a cult classic, as well as saddling this land with an entirely misappropriated nickname.The book's title is a reference to Horne's belief that Australia is a lucky country run mainly by second rate people who share its luck. It lives on other people's ideas, and, although its ordinary people are adaptable, most of its leaders (in all fields) so lack curiosity about the events that surround them that they are often taken by surprise.Essentially, Horne painted a picture of a deeply conservative and
Fire Brigades Union (FBU) members walked out at 18:00 GMT on Friday and are due back on 4 November.
Zinedine Zidane suspended by Spanish court. A Spanish court has suspended a ban on the former France midfielder and World Cup winner, 42, coaching Real Madrid Castilla.
GMTAir safety investigators say the device, designed to slow down the craft, activated at the wrong time without a command from the pilots.
BangladeshBangladesh's blackout was the country's worst since a 2007 cyclone knocked out the national grid for several hoursThe authorities blamed the incident on the failure of a transmission line, which led to power plants and substations shutting downThe high-voltage transmission line runs from Baharampur in West Bengal, India, to Bheramara in Kushtia district, in south-west BangladeshThe blackout began at about noon local time on Saturday and affected all parts of the countryLinked to the Indian power grid, Bangladesh has been importing electricity from India in October last year.The country's power grid was linked to the
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has called on Fifa to open an investigation into claims that former Fifa executive Chuck Blazer recorded conversations with football officials at the London 2012 Olympics.The SFO can investigate "cases which undermine UK commercial/financial PLC in general and the City of London in particular" and has been following bribery claims stemming from the December 2010 decision to award rights for the next two World Cups. The SFO has called for Fifa to launch its own investigation into allegations of bribery and corruption relating to the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Olive Cooke, 92, of Bristol, joined the Royal British Legion (RBL) aged 16 following her father who was an active member after serving in World War One.
A stake in a local energy business could cost from just Â£5, and the industry says it could generate an annual return of between 6% and 9%.
Childhood reading for fun boosted vocabulary throughout life, while highbrow fiction helped adults further, according to a new study.The study found those who read regularly as children tended to come from better-off families and had higher vocabulary scores as children.However, even after the data was reanalysed to take these differences into account, there was still a nine percentage point gap in the vocabulary scores at age 42 between the two groups.This may be because the frequent childhood readers continued to read for pleasure as adults, wrote the researchers.In other words, they developed 'good' reading habits in childhood and adolescence that they have subsequently benefited from
Taylor Swift's albums are no longer available on Spotify. Taylor Swift has removed her entire back catalogue from the streaming service.
Oscar Pistorius has applied for permission to appeal against his five-year prison sentence for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp, although he could be out in 10 months.He was acquitted of the lesser murder charge of dolus eventualis by High Court Judge Thokozile Masipa on 21 October.The double-amputee Olympic sprinter was charged by the prosecution with the pre-meditated murder of the model and law graduate who was his girlfriend.The judge said it made no sense that Pistorius acted with "gross negligence", and had fired four shots with a gun "loaded
Dund Dundee United midfielder Declan Goodwin has been charged with elbowing Aidan Connolly in the face.Goodwin has until Wednesday to respond to the complaint, with a hearing set for Thursday.
The Welsh national field of remembrance at Cardiff Castle features 10,000 wooden crosses remembering the fallen.
Afghan rape victim threatens suicide. A father in Afghanistan has threatened to kill himself unless his wife's alleged rapists are put on trial. The father of a woman who says he was gang raped by eight men is threatening to commit suicide if they are not arrested. A man in Afghanistan says he has been unable to get the alleged rapists arrested because they are politically powerful.
Beyon has just announced she'll be releasing a platinum version of that album later this month, which will include new songs and a concert video
US military detainee Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin is the first military detainee to be brought to the US from Afghanistan.He was seized in 2009 after an attack on Afghan border police and US forces.
Hanson Academy strictly enforced its school uniform policy on Tuesday, with almost 10% of pupils failing to reach the academy's standards.
Pakistani Christians killed in the name of blasphemy. A Pakistani Christian couple have been killed by hundreds of locals in the town of Kot Radha Kishan in Punjab province in the south-west of the country, police say. A Christian couple in Pakistan have been found dead after being beaten to death by locals who then burned their bodies in a brick kiln where they worked in the city of Lahore, authorities say.The victims have been identified as Shehzad Masih and his wife Shama.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says Europa League qualification would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Fawzi al-Odah, 37, was released after a US review panel concluded he was not a "continuing significant threat".
Flooding could happen in the east after heavy rains set in on ThursdayThe amber warning has been issued for counties Antrim, Armagh, Down and LondonderryAnyone affected is asked to contact the flooding incident line on 0300 2000 100There have been reports of flooding in County Down, near Helen's Bay and on the A1 near Newry, as well as the B72 between Castlederg, County Tyrone, and Ederney, County FermanaghTrafficwatch Northern Ireland said that, due to flooding, the Foyle Road in Derry was closed between Craigavon Bridge and John Street roundabout
Dairy Crest is selling its dairies operation to Germany's Mueller for Â£80m. The sale comes as profits at the UK's largest dairy food company fell 95%.
Peter Taylor: Gillingham boss Peter Scally 'desperate to turn it around'. Peter Taylor says he is desperate to turn his side's fortunes around after a run of one win in 12 league games and is ready to step down as manager of League One strugglers Peter Taylor has been sacked as manager at League One side Peter Taylor's side are in the relegation zone.The Gills have only won three of their 16 league games this season and are currently two points from safety. GillingHAM boss Peter Taylor is desperate not to leave the club after the club's struggles this season, but accepts that it is
More than 300 people were killed by the security forces in Northern Ireland.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Robbie Savage: Why Liverpool look a long way off repeating last season's title challenge. Robbie Savage looks at why Liverpool are miles away from repeating their title challenge, how they should line up against Chelsea and the physical and mental battle Steven Gerrard faces to secure a long-term future with the Reds.
The MTV European Music Awards (EMAs) are being held in Glasgow on Sunday.U2, Alicia Keys and Ed Sheeran are set to perform but Calvin Harris pulled out on Saturday after a heart scare.On Twitter, the DJ said: "No EMAs for me this weekend. Got some heart problems. Heading home to see if it can be fixed x."The awards show is on MTV and Channel 5 on Sunday from 21:00 GMT.
Microsoft has just launched its first wearable health gadget, the Band, in the US ahead of its global launchSimilar products from Samsung and Google are already on the market and early next year the much-hyped Watch from Apple will go on saleMillions of us are going to be having our most intimate bodily functions monitored by these gadgets, creating more health data than has ever existed beforeBefore the giants of the tech world realised that wearable, health-focused gadgets were the new big thing the market was already thrivingIn March the European Commission published its green paper on mobile health, which contained some mind-boggling statisticsIt suggests that 97
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero: 'We still have time to turn things around'. Manchester City are bottom of their Champions League group and six points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Jennifer Lawrence sponge cake wins Cake International contest. A 5ft 10in (1.7m) cake inspired by Jennifer Lawrence has won the award at the Cake International competition.
A review of homes in Wales said they were seen as places of "irreversible decline" where residents were unable to do things that matter to them.
Big banks to hold much more money against losses. The new rules, which are up for consultation and should take effect in 2019, will require "global systemically important banks" to hold a minimum amount of cash to ensure they will be able to survive big losses without turning to governments for help. The rules, created by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), a global monitoring body, would require big banks to have much more capital against losses.The capital set aside should be worth 15-20% of the bank's assets, the FSB said. That is a far bigger cushion against losses than is required by current
While there's a big focus on the meetings between some of the world's largest countries, there is a second, parallel conference going on.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the leader of Myanmar's ruling party, has said that the country's reform project has stalled. "Stalled," she said, before challenging anyone in the room to name a significant change that had taken place in the last two years.So is she right?The answer depends on how narrowly you define reform.In the Burmese context, "easy" means decisions that don't upset the army.In a short period of time, one of the world's most tightly controlled societies opened up in a way few had thought possible.Political prisoners were released, censorship of newspapers and
Malaysian philanthropist and philanthropist Khong Khong is one of the most influential Malaysians in the country, and her work has earned her a place among Forbes magazine's heroes of philanthropy list in 2010.She is the founder of one of Malaysia's biggest soup kitchens called Kechara, which is a Sanskrit word Ms Khong says she borrowed from Buddhist teachings to mean a "heavenly place".Ms Khong, who is a philanthropist, says she has spent the past four years feeding the poor in Kuala Lumpur, the capital of Malaysia.She says she and her volunteers drive in an orange and yellow
The seven men had been given six-year jail sentences after an earthquake devastated the medieval town of L'Aquila in 2009, killing 309 people.
Ald Aldershot Town 1, Portsmouth 0. Mark Molesley celebrates after scoring the opening goal in the FA Cup replay at Fratton Park. Aldersot Town celebrate after scoring their first goal of the second half against Portsmouth in a replay of last season's FA Cup semi-final.Miles Storey (Portsmouth) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.Conceded by Alex Wynter.Foul by Danny Hollands (portsmouth).Nabi Diallo (Aldershot town) wins a free kick on the right wing.F
The bodies of David Miller, 24, and Hannah Witheridge, 23, were discovered on a beach in Koh Tao on 15 September
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by 34% in the last three months, according to figures released by the government's Adoption Leadership Board (ALB).The figures show that there were 960 initial decisions to place a child for adoption, compared with 1,830 in the three months to September 2013.There had also been a fall of 54% in the number of placement orders granted by courts, from 1,650 to 750, it said.In recent years, adoption figures had risen to record levels, with an increase of 63%, the ALB said.But last September,
Mothers-to-be are more likely to get malaria as their immunity is lowered, says the RCOG.
Qatar World Cup: Migrant labour abuses 'lagging behind'. A report by Amnesty International says Qatar's response to migrant labour abuses has not been much more than promises of action.
Atlantis is on BBC One on Saturdays from 20:30 GMT
Jean-Claude Juncker has come under pressure over claims that some 340 global companies were granted deals to help them avoid tax during his 18 years in office.The Commission president broke his silence on Wednesday, repeating Mr Bettel's message during an unexpected appearance before reporters in Brussels.He said that he was "politically responsible for what happened in each and every corner and quarter of that country" and if concrete tax measures had led to non-taxation "then I would regret that".Luxembourg, Malta and Ireland are already being investigated as part of an EU crackdown on multinational corporations but the International Consortium of
A new way of giving contraceptive injections will be available to women in 69 of the world's poorest countries.The device, with a smaller needle and no traditional syringe, will be sold at just $1 a unit.The deal has been reached between the Gates Foundation, the drug company Pfizer and the Children's Investment Fund Foundation.Previously the technology has been used for giving hepatitis B jabs in Indonesia. The new device, which is called Sayana Press, is much harder to obtain for women who are poor, uneducated or living in a rural area.The drug is dispensed by simply squeezing a plastic bubble
Two window cleaners have been rescued from a crane that collapsed in New York City's One World Trade Center, officials say.The cable on the cradle apparently broke as it retracted towards the roof of the building.The fire department said the two people were uninjured and tethered.The 1,776ft (541m) tower opened for business last week.
The Northern line extension will take the pressure off the rest of our local transport network and gives Nine Elms official Zone One status.
Welsh Water's HelpU social tariff could offer savings of up to £250 a year for its most disadvantaged customers, the company said.
Former US attorney Andrew Garcia has been named as the new head of the Fifa investigation into the bidding process that awarded the World Cup to Russia and Qatar in 2018 and 2022. Former US Attorney Andrew Garcia is the new US attorney for the Southern District of New York, the US Department of Justice has announced. He was a surprise choice to lead the investigation, and ruffled feathers at football's governing body.He dismissed Fifa's report as "erroneous" and said he would look at the facts and my jurisdiction and make decisions on whether the ethics code was violated.
The company's boss has outlined new plans for the social network.One will let you see what you missed while you were offline, say sleeping.
Tax avoidance: Labour pledges to make people liable to pay the same amount again. Labour says it will bring in a tough penalty regime with fines of up to 100% of the value of the tax they have avoided.
A large cat has been spotted in the French town of Montevrain, east of Paris, sparking a search involving hundreds of emergency services workers, animal-trackers and a helicopter.It was first spotted at a supermarket in the town on Thursday. A big cat is believed to have escaped from a circus near the Disneyland Paris theme park in southern France.The animal was spotted near a service station on the A4 motorway on Thursday morning.A woman said she had spotted the animal at about 08:30 (07:30 GMT).She didn't get out of the car and called me to say 'I think
Five stories from the last few days - in emojis.
The Woodland Trust said deadfall washed out by rivers from Urquhart Bay Wood could explain a recent report of something emerging from the loch.The trust said the wood was a "Nessie spawning ground".Previous explanations for the monster have included circus elephants being exercised in the waters.The trunk and humps in the water would bear similarities to some of the most famous Nessie photographs.There have been reported sightings of "something" in Loch Ness dating back to the 6th Century and it has grown into one of the world's most enduring myths.A Flora colossus from Planet X, the capital
Scottish football: Aberdeen free of bank debt. Aberdeen are free of long-term liabilities now that they have reached a deal with Lloyds Bank to reduce their bank debt, but what does it mean to the individual clubs and the state of Scottish football?
Wikipedia is the world's sixth most popular website.
Work to further stabilise rock in the area will continue over the next two to three weeks.
World number 40 Ian Poulter in six-way share of second place at Maxx Royal in Dubai. World number four Sergio Garcia, the highest ranked player in the field, is two over after a round of 68 at the European Tour's Race to Dubai Final Series event.
A young woman has been seriously injured in a "horrific" attack on a jogger in the Meadows.The woman had been out with friends in the Cowgate and Niddry Street area and was returning home at about 07:00 when she was attacked near Jawbone Walk.
Doherty's view: O'Sullivan will be the favourite. The way he has been playing the last couple of years, I think he is getting better with age. He hasn't slowed down on his scoring prowess because his break building is as good as ever. What you are seeing from him now is a more complete package. He doesn't spit the dummy out like he would have done a few years ago and doesn't lose his focus. He is hungrier than he has ever been. The public always love watching Judd Trump, he is so exciting.
HMP Hewell in Worcestershire was last year highlighted by HM Inspectorate of Prisons for its high levels of assaults and drug use.
George Osborne could need to make more spending cuts "just to stay on track".The Treasury said its plan was "securing a resilient economy".
Sleep walking is not a defence for drink driving. "I don't think the law has kept up with scientific developments.
Interpol is asking for assistance from the public in tracking down nine key suspects in the illegal trade in wildlife crime. The International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has issued an appeal for information on nine people wanted in connection with wildlife crime.
Afghanistan's new president says he wants the country "truly open for business". The World Bank has said that it's harder to do business in Afghanistan than Iran, Iraq, Syria and Zimbabwe, but President Ashraf Ghani is all too familiar with the scale of the challenge.Afghanistan's economy is in tatters after three decades of war, despite more than $100bn (??64bn) of mainly US money spent on reconstruction, which was more than the US paid to rebuild Europe after the Second World War. The world's largest bank frauds, one of the world's biggest bank fraud scandals
The archive of travel writer, war hero and adventurer Sir Patrick Leigh Fermor has been catalogued by the National Library of Scotland.
The first Thai restaurant ever to win a Michelin star. A machine has become the first to judge the taste and aroma of a traditional Thai dish, and it has been judged to be one of the finest in the world. A Thai restaurant in Bangkok is the first ever to be judged by a robot to be the best in the country.The machine is called e-Delicious, and has nine sensors in it to measure the balance of six Thai flavours - sweet, sour, bitter, salty, savoury and spicy - and the food's aroma.There is also a sensor to assess the dish's visual presentation
It follows a BBC investigation into how assembly members use their expenses.
Royal Mail said the rise of delivery firm Whistl could wipe £200m off sales.It also said competition was endangering its government-mandated Universal Service.
Bill Cosby 77 was to have been broadcast on Netflix on 27 November.
Group A: Surrey, Derbyshire, Worcestershire, Lancashire, Northants, Leicestershire.Group B: Kent, Hampshire, Sussex, Essex, Middlesex, Nottinghamshire, Warwickshire, Glamorgan.
The aircraft's landing gear broke off and landed on a bed. A 73-year-old pilot is being treated for back and leg injuries.
An inquest into the death of a father and son who died when their twin-seat plane crashed at Pierre-Buffiere in France has heard the pilot may have made a sharp turn.The plane crashed 20 minutes after taking off from nearby Limoges as they flew to the south.
The Office of Rail Regulation (ORR) has taken a look at Network Rail's performance between April and October this year, and found it wanting in key areas.Maintenance work is already £40m over budget, and rising.Punctuality is 0.7% below target.And the ORR has once again cast doubt on the data that Network Rail uses to make important decisions on which bits of the network to mend or renew, and when.
Emily Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after she tweeted a picture of a house with three England flags, and a white van with the cross of St George on it.UKIP leader Nigel Farage said she had "sneered, and looked down her nose" at the van, which was parked outside a terraced house in Rochester and Strood, Kent, on Thursday night.The Labour MP, who has been shadow attorney general since 2011, tweeted the image on Thursday, while voting was taking place in the by-election in Kent.She said she was "sorry" for the offence and would resign from
Singapore's Land Transport Authority (LTA) has introduced new regulations for taxi booking apps in the city-state.The new measures will be enforced from the second quarter of next year, the government office said on Friday.To ensure that taxi services remain equally accessible to all members of the public, bidding and pre-trip tipping for taxi services will not be allowed.
The driver was taken to Bath's Royal United Hospital for treatment to his injuries
The NCA said it was warning other users that the software was illegal, and its use would result in further action
Swansea Bay City Region: The Local Development Plan is looking at how the area will grow after 2016.
Esher School is also being completely rebuilt to boost capacity by 210 places.
Manchester United 2-1 Arsenal. Louis van Gaal's Manchester United side claim their first away win of the season with a 1-1 draw at Arsenal.Louis van Gaal was keen to point out that David De Gea was man of the match at Emirates Stadium but in truth the United keeper made a lot of saves he would be expected to make, rather than any truly outstanding ones.Or as Van Gaal put it: "Most of his saves were from outside the area and from that distance the goalkeeper has more advantage than the player shooting."Media playback is not supported on this device
Roger Federer has won the ATP Tour Finals doubles title in Lille after defeating Richard Gasquet 6-4 6-2 7-6 (7/5) 6-7 (6/4) 7-5 to win the final rubber of the ATP World Tour Finals in France on Sunday.The 17-time Grand Slam champion beat France's Gasquet to give the Swiss an unassailable 3-1 lead.This one is for the boys," said Federer, who was in tears at the end of the match.This is not for me, I have won enough. I am just happy we can
South Korea's education minister has apologised for a mistake in the question-making process of the country's national high school exam, which has sparked an uproar with parents and students complaining about faulty questions. South Korean officials say they will accept two answers as correct in each case, and the head of the national exam board has offered to resign.
More than 1,000 people in the last three months have been stranded in hospital when they're perfectly fit to leave, new figures show.The NHS is also continuing to miss a range of waiting time targets, including for A&E and child patients.
Newry-based Sisk Group chairman John Nagle has been appointed chairman of Norbrook Healthcare. Newry firm Sisk has been run by its founder Lord Ballyedmond until his death in a helicopter crash in March.
The European Space Agency astronaut arrived at the orbiting space lab on Monday, along with two crewmates from Russia and America.But what exactly will she be doing during her time in space?
Strictly's Ola and Steve were in the bottom two on the weekend and then lost the dance off so have now left this year's competition.
A flat-screen television and other electrical items were stolen from the house in Wodecroft Road, Luton
A man has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm to a man in Harrogate.
The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) says it should be made more obvious, before viewers click play, that clips contain promoted products.The regulator wants to see warnings - like "ad" or "sponsored" - in the video's title or a symbol in the thumbnail.But Ebony Day and Fleur DeForce think that would be a step too far.Ebony Day, who has around 300,000 followers, told Newsbeat: "The word 'advert' on YouTube makes it feel less genuine, you'd hope the person doing it actually likes the product. I probably wouldn't watch it, I
Seal wardens on the National Trust (NT) reserve at Blakeney Point have recorded 180 more grey seal pups compared to this time last year.
Russia annexed the Crimean Peninsula from Ukraine in March 2014.Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday that it had deployed a batch of 14 military jets to Crimea.
Exeter City striker Michael Morrison available to play for Exeter. Exeter striker Martin Morrison has been without a club since the end of last season.
Tablet computers are now being used, at least to some extent, in 68% of primary and 69% of secondary schools, according to the study headed by Barbie Clarke of the Family, Kids and Youth research group.The study, commissioned by education technology charity Tablets for Schools, looked at a representative sample of 671 state and independent schools.Many pupils reported that they took an internet-connected device to bed to continue social media conversations.The rapid growth of tablet computers in the classroom was one of the ways in which the study found that young people are immersed in technology at school and home.But the study says there is no clear evidence of academic improvement for pupils using tablet devices.
Raith Rovers v Celtic 1994: Celtic captain Gordon Dalziel celebrates after winning the Scottish Cup on penalties. Celtic manager Jimmy Nicholl and his team-mates celebrate with the trophy on the team bus after their victory on penalties against Rangers in the 1994 Scottish Cup semi-final. Raith's victory over Celtic was the first time a Scottish Cup final had been decided on penalties, and it was a moment that will live long in the memory of Celtic players and fans for the rest of their lives. "We had some of us young guys that were kind of fearless and a bit naive to the occasion, which obviously
Phil Hughes was a young man living out his dreams. For a young life to be cut short playing our national game seems a shocking aberration. He was loved, admired and respected by his team-mates and by legions of cricket fans.Media playback is not supported on this device Cricket Australia CEO James Sutherland pays tribute to Phil Hughes "He was a very, very close friend of mine. Looking back, I feel like he's made the most of his 25 years and it breaks my heart to think of a guy who I certainly thought would go down in the record books as one of the better run-scorers in Australian cricket."
Smoke was reported coming from a 'bed pan washer' in Ward 5 at Altnagelvin Hospital this morning.
"Bonkers Bruno Locked Up", was changed to "Sad Bruno in Mental Home" by the time later editions rolled off the presses.The revised words were still criticised by mental health charities.Eleven years on, after high-profile cases including Stan Collymore,Marcus Trescothick,Neil Lennon and Robert Enke, has the reporting of mental health issues in sport improved?A panel including cricketer Michael Yardy, whose depression became public knowledge after he left England's 2011 World Cup campaign, and the Professional Footballers' Association head of welfare Michael Bennett met at MediaCity UK in Salford to
Susie Wolff to be test driver for Williams in 2015. Susie Wolff will be the prime driver for the Williams Formula One team at tests in 2015, the team has announced.The move comes after Wolff impressed in an outing in free practice at the German Grand Prix this year.
The double points rule was introduced for the final race of 2014 to keep the championship alive for as long as possible.
Black Friday's originally a American idea linked to the Thanksgiving holiday but retailers in the UK say the annual sales day is taking off here too.Spending will be up 22% on last year, according to Visa, which predicts that Â£360,000 will be spent every minute.We've been speaking to retail consultants about some of the methods shops use to try to make that happen.
The five-storey Bursledon Windmill had its wind shaft and sails replaced following a £94,000 Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) grant.
IS has launched at least four suicide attacks, with reports saying at least 25 people were killed.The first suicide vehicle bomb targeted a Kurdish position close to the Turkish border at dawn on Saturday.Kurdish sources said the bomber had crossed from Turkey, but Turkish officials denied this as "lies".Clashes followed at the site of the attack and to the south-west of the town.
A 16-year-old girl suffering from mental health issues has been moved from police custody to a place of safety in Devon and Cornwall, a police officer has said.The teenager was detained on Thursday night, sectioned Friday lunchtime and still no place ofsafety available.This can't be right!Custody on a Fri & Sat night is no place for a child suffering mental health Issues. Nurses being sourced to look after her in custody!?!"He later tweeted: "Just heard that a placeof care has been found for our 16yr old. Good result.
Kano, Nigeria: The attack on a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano is the latest in a series of attacks by Boko Haram, the Islamist insurgents who have been waging a brutal campaign of violence in the north of the country for the past seven years.The attack on the mosque in Kano on Saturday morning has left 188 people dead and hundreds of others injured, including the imam of the mosque, who had just finished his sermon at the time of the attack.The mosque is situated right next to the emir's palace and is where the outspoken Mohammed Sanusi II regularly preaches.Some people suggest it is no coincidence that the jihadists chose this mosque.
The average retail vacancy rate dropped from 14.5% to 13.7%.
About80,000 works of art, ceramics, manuscripts, letters and photographs faced being auctioned to help pay off the pottery firm's pension debt.
President Barack Obama has asked Congress for $1.6bn (£1.1bn) in federal funds to buy 50,000 body cameras for police officers as part of a plan to reform law enforcement in the US.Mr Obama said he has asked federal agencies for recommendations to ensure the programme is not building a "militarised culture" in domestic police forces.The president said the stories of discrimination that young people had told him at the White House on Monday "violate my belief about what America can do".He also unveiled a taskforce on modern policing, to be chaired by Philadelphia police commissioner Charles Ramsey.
The best picture winner also garnered best director awards for Richard Linklater and best supporting actress for Patricia Arquette.
Fleetwood Mac will headline the Isle of Wight Festival in 2015.The band's set at Seaclose Park will be their only festival show of the year.The set on Sunday 14 June, which will close the festival, will include original member Christine McVie, who recently confirmed that she would be rejoining the band.Festival organiser John Giddings told Newsbeat: "It's the best news I've had in a long while."He said that he had been asking the band to perform at the.
Bill Cosby resigns from Temple University board. Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees of Temple University, where he studied as an undergraduate. The comedian has been accused of sexually assaulting more than a dozen women.
Gangnamnam Style became a worldwide hit when it was released in 2012, largely due to the surreal video
William Blake created the majority of his books from a printing studio in the Hercules Buildings in Lambeth
Stegosauruses are one of the most well known dinosaurs, but they are among those that scientists know the least about.
Afghan security forces are providing effective security and the recent incidents do not represent the situation across the country.
A woman whose passport was cancelled after she changed her middle name to "Skywalker" has said she is "upset, frustrated and disappointed". A woman's passport has been cancelled after the Passport Office refused to recognise a change of name for "frivolous reasons".
Craig Grant, of Inverurie, outside the Galleria shopping centre in August last year.He said he was "shocked" to see Mr Grant's face was light grey.
Comedian Russell Brand has been accused of hypocrisy by The Sun newspaper.The paper ran a front page headline calling the comedian a "hypocrite" because he campaigns for economic and political "revolution" to help poorer people, yet he lives in a luxury home.It's an accusation often made against the star.How can such a rich man claim to speak up for the poor?Viewers of Brand's vlogs - The Trews - are familiar with the inside of his spacious London home. It looks lovely and airy. It has wooden floors and exposed brickwork.When the St Trinian's
The bridge, for pedestrians only, would cost Â£175m to build, making it the world's most expensive footbridge.
Campaigners have launched a legal challenge to this decision.The petition has been organised as an exercise called a European Citizens' Initiative which can lead to a public hearing in the European Parliament and require the European Commission to give a formal response explaining why it is accepting or rejecting what the petitioners call for.The European Commission has already said that the petition doesn't qualify as such an Initiative.
Kabul police chief Gen Zahir resigned last week after presiding over a dramatic rise in militant attacks in recent monthsHis spokesman sparked confusion days later by claiming his resignation had been rejected.
The latest inmate to die at HMP Elmley was pronounced dead shortly after paramedics arrived, the Ministry of Justice said.
Colombia's president stopped the talks after the rebels seized Gen Ruben Dario Alzate and two others on 16 NovemberThey were handed over to a humanitarian mission led by the International Red Cross and taken to a military base near the city of Medellin before travelling to be reunited with their families"We consider the crisis over and announce that we have agreed that the next cycle of conversations will take place between 10 and 17 December," Reuters quoted a joint statement read by a Cuban official as sayingThe negotiators said the next round of talks would focus on a de-escalation of the conflict, and on meeting the relatives of victimsThey also said
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed. The first woman to become the first flight captain of a major airline is being appointed in Australia.
Some farmers in Queensland have not earned any income for three years because of drought.
The average cost in the area is expected to be £497.23, the highest after North Yorkshire at £508.82.
The inquest heard that the IED was buried under the road, had been placed there by tunnelling, and was triggered by a command wire, probably from behind the 10ft wall of a nearby compound.The men died when an improvised explosive device (IED) tore through their heavily armoured Mastiff vehicle on April 30 last year.They were killed on Route 611 in the Nahr-e-Saraj district on 30 April 2013.Post-mortem examinations concluded the three, who were with B Company, 2nd Battalion, Royal Regiment of Scotland, would have been deeply unconscious virtually instantly and unaware of what had happened
Severe storms in December 2013 caused damage to an existing dune system to the east of Barkby Beach in Prestatyn.
England Under-18 captain Ryan Ledson was one of four debutants for Everton against Krasnodar. Everton's Under-17 captain Ryan led his side to a 1-0 win over Krasniksk in Group H of the Europa League.
Qatar food security: Qatar's water crisis. Qatar is 100% dependent on desalinated water, but it needs to import 90% of its food to feed its population of more than two million, says the executive chairman of the Qatar National Food Security Programme. Qatar has to have a bigger vision, says Fahad bin Mohammed Al-Attiya. Qatar's food security is at risk of collapse if the Gulf of Mexico fails to produce enough water to meet the needs of the country's population of 2.5 million people. Qatar sits on the world's third largest gas field and is investing billions into mega-reserv
Total catches of cod, haddock and plaice have been increased, the Scottish government said.
One of the two male officers had been discharged from the Princess Elizabeth Hospital
ActiveQuote is a Welsh company that provides information on specialist health and protection insurance products.
The technology is being designed to automatically edit a whole game down to the key moments.It's not possible to perform a complete automatic summary just yet. It's difficult to detect all the goals."We want to find specific combinations of moments in a football match.
Ospreys 12-16 Racing 92: Ospurs 16-16. The French visitors led 16-6 at half-time thanks to Francois van der Merwe's try and the kicking of Johan Goosen.Fly-half Dan Biggar kicked four penalties, but when Goosen dropped a goal it seemed to have clinched a Racing win.However Justin Tipuric's late blistering break let centre Matavesi go under the posts.
The victim alleged that former Senator Wilfred Krichefski carried out the attack with another man.
US economy adds 321,000 jobs in November.
Lepe Country Park closing its gates by 20:00, particularly during the summer months.
The Grammy Awards is one of the most prestigious music ceremony's in the world.
The Mako-type mackerel shark was recovered on Barmouth Beach on Friday
Sannah Javid, 26, of Frank Slater House, Green Lane, Ilford, died in the early hours of Wednesday.
Typhoon Hagupit: What did the Philippines do differently?
BrewDog, which is based in the town of Ellon, north-east Scotland, was founded in 2008 by James Watt and Martin Dickie, two friends who grew up in the Scottish town of Peterhead.They are very Marmite beers in that you either love them or hate them. To fans they are flavoursome and interesting, to critics they are undrinkable.But they have become a hit in the UK and abroad, and are now making a name for themselves as one of the UK's most popular craft beers.Their beers are called Dead Pony Pale Ale, Dogma and Hardcore IPA, and
"Bet Jennifer Lawrence wishes she'd used a StR0nG_Pas5w0Rd%."
"OK, folks, good morning and welcome, what have we got from the weekend?"On the 23rd floor of the Metropolitan Police's west London office, Detective Chief Superintendent Alaric Bonthron begins a morning briefing for one of the force's most secretive sections.Known as a "grip and pace" meeting, it's a regular catch-up for senior officers from the Department of Professional Standards, the 380-strong unit responsible for dealing with complaints against officers and staff, deaths in custody, police misconduct - and corruption.
Russell Brand has been criticised for tweeting phone numbers and email addresses of a Daily Mirror reporter who had called on him to answer questions about his tax affairs.The comedian made the video after a tweet by someone pointed out the similarity between the two, which went viral with people recording parodies and mashups.
The US and EU want Turkey to take a more active role in tackling IS.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had earlier called for a "Day of Silence", to make a widely-violated ceasefire deal stick.The Ukrainian military said on Tuesday a ceasefire had begun in "all the positions of the anti-terrorist operation forces", Interfax Ukraine news agency reported.The pro-Russian separatists had also laid down their arms at 09:00 (07:00 GMT) across eastern Ukraine, Russia's Ria Novosti agency said.Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says Kiev must not renege on a pledge to give "special status" to the rebel-held Donetsk and Luhansk areas in
Steven Caulker: QPR defender slips over during squad get-together. Steven Caulker slips over and hurt his head and is fine, says QPR owner Tony Fernandes.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he is gay.The 22-year-old told his 3.6 million subscribers, as well his followers on Twitter, in a six-minute video called Coming Out.He said he'd struggled with his sexuality since he was 12 and at first ignored his feelings. He said: "Growing up I knew that I was a little bit different than everyone else," he said. "I always just had this feeling that I wasn't the same."But it wasn't until I was 12 years old until I really had pinpointed what that was."For some reason, my seventh-grade
Carwyn Jones said people accepted Welsh ministers were not "miracle workers" on NHS matters.
Australia captain Michael Clarke hits century in Adelaide Test. Michael Clarke celebrates his century by kissing his helmet and embracing Australia captain Steve Smith.
Strictly Come Dancing's Sally Bercow and Mike Tindall have been added to the line-up for the second series of the BBC show.The first series - in which stars compete in winter sports - saw injuries.Two finalists, Sir Steve Redgrave and comic Marcus Brigstocke, retired hurt.Socialite Henry Conway broke a bone in his hand and Melinda Messenger withdrew with concussion suffered on the bobsleigh track.Past British Winter Olympic stars Eddie "The Eagle" Edwards, Graham Bell, Amy Williams and Jenny Jones will be among the experts on hand for the show.
A care home boss from Bristol who was extradited to the UK from South Africa for the murder of his wife has been cleared of the charge of murder. Mr Dewani, 34, left Gatwick Airport through a side entrance that was guarded by police before being driven away shortly before 07:00 GMT.He is believed to have flown into the UK on an Emirates flight that landed shortly before 06:30.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has denied that he is a member of the far-right. He is in no way a neo-Nazi or a fascist. He has no links to the far right.He has no ties to the Russian far right, and he is not in any way a supporter of the National Socialist Party of Ukraine, which is a far right political party.He is also not a member or supporter of Russia's far right or the National Democratic Party of Russia, which has been accused of being a member and supporter of Russian President Vladimir Putin's Russia-backed separatists in the east of Ukraine.The president
Police were called to reports of an explosion at the Village Pharmacy building on Main Street, Cumbernauld, at about 01:05 on Wednesday.
Prince Jacques is next in line to the Monaco throne. Prince Jacques and his wife Charlene are the first twins to be born to Monaco's royal family since it was founded in the 13th Century.Prince Jacques and Charlene have welcomed twins Gabriella and Jacques, who were born in the early hours of Sunday morning.The twins were born to Prince Albert II, 56, son of the late Hollywood actress, Grace Kelly.The couple married in 2011.
Castlepoint in Bournemouth opened in 2003 but the two-level car park has been reinforced with props since 2005 when it was found to be unsafe.
Jesus, the Homeless, is a life-size bronze statue that has divided opinion in America and England.Some people love the Banksy feel of it - the sense of art for the people, reaching out to the individual on street corners and parks.Others consider it an insult to the figure of Christ Jesus - leaving him out in the rain.It is the work of Canadian sculptor Tim Schmalz, inspired by a glance sideways as he drove along a busy street in Toronto."I was driving into the biggest city in Canada and along the biggest street. I turned and saw a human form shrouded in blankets in the middle of
The swell off Nazare has been recorded at a maximum of height of 40ft (12m).
A man has been fined Â£300 at Crawley Magistrates' Court after he was convicted of drink driving.
Mark Piper is jointly charged with murdering Levi Blu.Levi died in 2013 of internal bleeding. His mother Danielle Cassin is also accused of murder.A woman told a jury at Birmingham Crown Court she saw Mr Piper being violent with.
Christoper Milke was shot three times in the head at a mall in Arizona in 1990. The case against Ms Milke rested largely on a purported confession to a detective.
Ann Ann Maguire was stabbed to death by a 15-year-old pupil at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds in April
A Norwegian vessel which caught fire was about 12 miles away.
Cyber Berkut claims to have hacked into two Russian interior ministry servers and an email account used by police in Russia's Rostov region - bordering Ukraine's eastern separatist regions.The Cyber Troops have also hacked into public CCTV systems in rebel-held areas of eastern Ukraine and monitor them for the movement of troops and military hardware.They also claim to have disrupted the electronic vote-counting systems ahead of October's parliamentary election in Ukraine, to have leaked Ukrainian defence ministry data on losses and desertions, and to have blocked President Petro Poroshenko's website.In addition, Russian tabloid Komsomolskaya Pravda
A man has appeared in court charged with being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug to another person.
Europa League draw: Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal in last 32. Chelsea and Arsenal are the only seeded British teams in the Europa League last-32 draw.
"People were just so excited and happy. When people hear music and a beat they want to dance.
Spencer Powles, 62, from Coleford, died 10 days after the incident.
A tsunami hit Sri Lanka in 2004, killing more than 1,000 people and injuring more than 2,000. Many more found their lives were transformed forever by the natural disaster. Here, some share their stories.Louis Cryer was 18 and in Sri Lanka with his mother Zoe and brother FelixWe were staying in an idyllic beach village called Unawatuna in Galle district.We were having breakfast at the hotel on a terrace, overlooking the pool, the beach and the Andaman Sea. It took a matter of seconds for a wall of water of about 5ft (1.52m)
The woman, who is in her 70s, was attacked in Sneem, County Kerry, on 20 September
A post mortem examination was carried out on Saturday but North Wales Police say they are not releasing Mr Jones's cause of death yet.
Do They Know It's Christmas? Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has reached number two in the UK singles chart.
Northern Ireland's Craig Bellamy McKinstry leaves Sierra Leone. Northern Ireland head coach Craig Mcinstry has left his job as head coach of the national team in Sierra Leone after the outbreak of the Ebola virus. Craig McInstry, 29, left behind a glamorous Manhattan lifestyle for the wonder and wastelands of Sierra Leone five years ago, but his time in the country has now come to an end. "I'm very sad, very emotional, very difficult. I don't keep my distance from things; I invest emotionally. The country has become part of me."McKinstry was offered a way
Three people were taken to hospital with serious but non life-threatening injuries, police said.The bus was a replacement for the 00:05 First Great Western service from Oxford to Didcot.The A34 was shut between the Botley and Milton interchanges.The southbound carriageway has been reopened but investigations are continuing.
BlackRock director Jonathan Paul Burrows was caught by inspectors at Cannon Street station last year and admitted to avoiding the £21.50 fare from Stonegate in East Sussex
The group that did it has revealed scripts from upcoming movies as well as the salaries of some of the biggest stars and personal emails between employees.Some details are harmless, others have triggered FBI investigations and put jobs at risk.A group calling itself Guardians of Peace claimed responsibility although their reasons and demands remain unclear.Sony's new film The Interview, a comedy that features a plot to assassinate North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un, is the reason for all this chaos.North Korea denied being involved in the hack attack but has described it as a "righteous deed" that may have been carried out by its "supporters and
Three Victorian hotels will go to make way for a six-storey, four star hotel and two assisted-living apartment blocks, at East Cliff in Bournemouth.
Google has revealed we asked "Who is Banksy?" and "What is ALS?" more than anything else.The deaths of Peaches Geldof, Robin Williams and Rik Mayall also featured in the top 10 trending search list.Ebola was the top news story of the year, followed by ALS - inspired by the ice bucket challenge which aimed to promote awareness of Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis - and Malaysia Airlines, which lost two passenger planes in separate incidents during 2014.Take our quiz to see how well you know your cityLuis Suarez's bite on Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini during the World
Dr Andrew Goodall said a choice may have to be made between emergency care and non-urgent surgery
Magical Magical Journey, at The Belfry Golf Club, near Sutton Coldfield, said they had "no alternative".
Childcare and Education Minister Sam Gyimah said Millie's tragic death was "a wake-up call" and an independent review of early years educators was of "utmost importance".
The marines were guarding an Italian oil tanker when they opened fire, killing two men off the Kerala coast.India has ruled out the possibility of a death penalty and invoking the anti-piracy law to try the marines.Italy has always insisted that as the shooting had taken place in international waters, the men should be tried in Italy.Last year, Delhi and Rome were involved in a bitter diplomatic row after Italy refused to send the marines back when they were allowed to go home to vote in the February 2013 elections.
The treatment, called Epidiolex, is based on one of the non-psychoactive components of the cannabis plant, CBD.The medicine does not contain the ingredient that produces the high associated with recreational cannabis.Early studies in the US have shown treatment with CBD may reduce the frequency and severity of seizures in children with severe forms of epilepsy.The new trial marks the first time the treatment has been tested in the UK.
McDonald's in Japan says it can't get hold of enough potatoes because of industrial action in America.As a result they're having to ration French fries for customers.
Celtic Energy accepts responsibility for cleaning up mines. Celtic Energy says it has accepted the "moral responsibility" to clean up two major mines following the collapse of a fraud case.
The Church of England has announced the appointment of the first woman to become a bishop in its history.The appointment will end centuries of male leadership of the Church and comes 20 years after women became priests.The Church's ruling body, the general synod, voted to allow women to become bishops in July.
UKIP spent more than they did during the 2009 European election campaign, the Electoral Commission has revealed.
Pakistan's civil and military elites are so divided and dysfunctional.The politicians have a number of reasons for leaving the fight against the Pakistan Taliban (TTP) to the army.Privately, government ministers argue that the army's total control of security policy means it is unreasonable for the generals to expect the civilians to take responsibility for what the army decides to do.But while the army complains about the politician's failure to take clear line against the Taliban, others wonder how clear cut army policy is.There are now well over 30 significant militant groups with a presence in Pakistan, each with different leadership structures, funding arrangements, ideological
The letter was written just days after Japan's surrender at the end of the Second World War and perhaps the idea of joy was once again on his mind.
The Rev Margaret McPhee made the comment at a carol service at St Mary's Church, Stalham in Norfolk
East Northamptonshire Council backs plans to add a further five restaurants to the Rushden Lakes complex.
Blue singer, who is in the final of the BBC One competition, said it began after a short tour.
Northern Ireland universities are facing a shortage of local graduates who can speak French and Spanish.Micro Focus Belfast employs 130 people who sell software and provide customer care across Europe, North and South America, the Middle East and Africa.Dr Barr says the university's head of modern languages Dr David Barr.But Dr Barr says there's now a shortage to meet the demand."Lots of companies and employers are seeing opportunities for local graduates staying in Northern Ireland," he says."What we are fighting against is the trend nationally for graduates to think there are no jobs in NI and then they leave us en masse."Dr Barr, who has been at the
Prince Harry has shared some photos of his visit to a children's home in Lesotho.Prince Harry was supporting the charity Sentebale which assists projects that work with disadvantaged children, many of whom have Aids or have become orphans because of the disease.He was also photographed participating in the building of Mamohato Children's Centre.
Archaearchaeologists have discovered a Mesolithic encampment about 1.5 miles (2.4km) from Stonehenge.But they raised concerns about possible damage to the site.
A review of the US Secret Service has called for the agency's next director to be "removed from organisational traditions and personal relationships" after a series of security lapses allowed an intruder with a knife to enter the White House.The Secret Service is tasked with guarding the US president, as well as several senior government officials.A report by an independent panel said the agency needed more plainclothes and uniformed staff.The report, a summary of which was released by the Homeland Security Department, called for boosting the service's ranks by 85 special agents and 200 uniformed officers, to reduce overtime and allow staff to
Botswana's reliance on diamonds has come into question.The country is looking to diversify its economy by strengthening existing sectors like tourism and cattle farming, and investing in burgeoning industries spawning from technology.
Basil McAfee was found dead by his mother at his home in Henderson Avenue, north Belfast, on 20 December 2013Police said he "suffered a violent death" and added that they believed his killer used an axe and a large knifeThey said that although it was not a random attack, his killer remains a danger to others in the communityThe police officer leading the murder investigation, Det Ch Insp John McVea, said: "It is a year since Basil died and his death has slipped somewhat from public consciousnessBut it remains an enduring heartache for his family - his mother, siblings and his grown-up children."They are
Tunisia Tunisia was the first country to depose its leader in the Arab Spring and inspired other uprisings in the region.Tunisia boosted security for the elections and closed border posts with Libya, which has been plagued by unrest.A group of at least three attackers targeted a polling station near the city of Kairouan on Sunday morning.
Manchester City 2-2 Burnley. Manchester City are held by Burnley at Turf Moor to earn a point at the top of the Premier League.
A 20-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop.
Scarlets full-back Dan Williams was criticised by Show Racism the Red Card
Kingfisher to sell B&Q business in China for £140m. The company is selling a 70% stake in the business to Chinese retailer Wumei Holdings.
Gary Neville, from Cupar Way, Belfast, raised Â£930 at a charity fundraising music night he organised last year.He was prosecuted for failing to give the cash to the Neuroblastoma Children's Cancer charity.
Some of the best (worst) moments from the last series of Celebrity Big Brother. The hypnotherapist made a solid impression in the first week of the competition.
Cardiff North MP Jonathan Evans said it was "a tragedy" there was no agreement on who should chair the inquiry.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of offences under the Terrorism Act.
Shaun Moth posted abuse about Mikaeel Kular on the social networking site the day before the three-year-old boy's body was found in a wood in Kirkcaldy.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football and will continue to be a key part of his side's success this season.Michael Carrick has been named Manchester United vice-captain on Friday and won a recall to the England squad shortly after his return to fitness in November, but had to pull out with a minor groin problem.His early-season absence has been one of a number of injury problems to trouble Van Gaal since he began work as United's manager in July.Argentine winger Angel Di Maria returned from injury as a substitute during Saturday's 1-1 draw at
Arthur Machen was a local son of Gwent who won worldwide literary fame, and it is hoped that Newport will continue to honour his work.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon"My thoughts are with everyone involved in this tragic incident, and especially with the friends and families of the six people who lost their lives in what is another sad day for Glasgow and Scotland."Prime Minister David Cameron"I'm being kept fully briefed on the major incident in Glasgow.
Broadband speeds in Kingsmere, on the edge of Bicester, rarely exceed 2Mbps, and some homes cannot get a landline. Residents of the 400 homes have put up posters warning potential newcomers of the issue.
Tanzania's President John Magufuli says he has dismissed a government minister over a $1m donation to a school where she serves as the main fundraiser. Tanzania's president John Mwalimu Kikwete has said he has sacked a cabinet minister over allegations of corruption. The scandal has rocked Tanzania's government and energy firms, straining relations with donors.
Total Fitness bosses say they were sorry difficulties over a lease caused them to leave the building on Stansty Road
A former soldier has accepted a conditional caution for misconduct in a public office.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon says the treaty "marks the opening of a new chapter in our collective efforts to bring responsibility, accountability and transparency to the global arms trade".
Two youths have been bailed pending phone and forensic examinations after a donkey was attacked at a community farm in Cwmbran.
There was a fancy dress theme of "pirates and princesses" for the 44th Boxing Day swim from North Beach.Sea temperatures were 11 degrees - slightly warmer than the conditions for spectators.The event, organised by the Tenby Sea Swimming Association (TSSA), is expected to raise thousands of pounds for charity.It prides itself on always going ahead, whatever the weather.Before the main event was a raft race around Goscar Rock, held in memory of Dai Rees, of Saundersfoot, who regularly took part.
There was no loss of fuel from the vessel.
LiberiaLiberia has been one of the countries worst affected by Ebola, with almost 3,400 deaths, the UN says
Nato's Afghan deployment began after the 9/11 attacks against the US.From 1 January the alliance's role will shift to a mainly training and support mission for the Afghan army.Sunday's ceremony was low-key - held inside a gymnasium at the alliance headquarters away from the public.A military band played as the flag of the International Security and Assistance Force (Isaf) was lowered in the presence of senior military personnel from both sides.More than a decade after this long and expensive mission began, the Taliban are still active and gaining in strength, launching a number of attacks in recent months, says the BBC's Sanjoy
A man was removed from the home by firefighters, but later died in hospital.
Russian government expects a 0.8% decline in GDP next year, compared with 0.6% GDP growth in 2014 as a whole.
A woman has died after a bus collided with a wall at Dublin's bus station.The woman was in her 30s but her name has not yet been released.Translink confirmed that an incident had taken place and that an investigation was under way.An eyewitness at the bus station, Jo-anna McLucas, described what she saw in the immediate aftermath of the collision.I was on the phone and I heard a bang, I looked up to see what had happened.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife, Malaak.
The dollar was at 120.41 yen from 120.66 yen in morning trade.
Margaret Aspinall and Trevor Hicks campaigned for more than 20 years to secure fresh inquests into the deaths of 96 people in the disasterMr Hicks' daughters Sarah, 19, and Victoria, 15, and Mrs
A boy in Guinea who died of Ebola in December 2013 was exposed to the bats and their droppings as he played with his friends in a hollowed tree, according to scientists. A boy who died from Ebola in Guinea in 2013 was infected with the virus after playing with the fruit bats that carry the virus, scientists say. A child in Guinea has died from the Ebola virus after being exposed to a large number of fruit bats, scientists have found.The researchers say they believe it was the bats that carried the virus.The boy, Emile, died of the virus on March 24, 2014 and his friends reported that
North Wales Police said it carried out more than 1,000 breath tests across north Wales last year.
A 32-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by driving without due care and attention.
Two bodies have been found in the Java Sea off Borneo, bringing the total number of missing passengers and crew to nine.The Airbus A320-200 came down four days ago en route from Indonesia to Singapore with 162 people on board.No survivors have yet been found and the cause of the crash remains unknown.AirAsia chief Tony Fernandes said on Thursday he believed the search was closing in on its final location, tweeting: "I am hoping that the latest information is correct and aircraft has been found."A source quoted by Reuters said that radar data appeared to show that the aircraft's "unbelievably" steep
Stoke striker Peter Crouch is not interested in leaving Stoke, according to manager Mark Hughes.Crouch has started all but one of Stoke's last six games and provided the header from which Ryan Shawcross scored the opening goal in the 1-1 draw against Manchester United on Thursday.The striker - capped 42 times by England - has scored 29 goals in 117 Premier League games for the Potters and has attracted interest from elsewhere, most notably when linked with QPR in 2013.But Hughes said: "There's nothing in it.
Gilmore Girls star Ed Herrmann dies aged 61. Gilmore Girls actor Ed Hisrmann has died aged 61 after being diagnosed with brain cancer, his family has said.
Happy New Year's Day and goodbye to my creative baby day. Can't promise but you MIGHT get a glimpse of that @GaryBarlow.
Pools are awaiting clearance from the Football Association and the Football League for the duo
The former Nova Centre in Prestatyn will be given a new gym, cafe and pool-side changing rooms.
Madonna's latest album, Rebel Heart, was released on March 10. But images of famous civil rights campaigners, including Martin Luther King Junior, Nelson Mandela and Bob Marley with the same string around their heads have appeared.
It was one of eight turbines on the Screggagh wind farm on Murley mountain.
The Duke of York was named in US court papers relating to the handling of a case against financier Jeffrey Epstein.The woman behind the allegations says she was forced to sleep with the prince when she was under age, and on three occasions - in London, New York and on a private Caribbean island owned by Epstein - between 1999 and 2002.The court document alleges that Epstein sexually trafficked the woman making her available for sex to "politically connected and financially powerful people".Prince Andrew and Mr Dershowitz are two of three well-known men named in the court document who it alleges had sexual relations with the
Cambridge United are the lowest-ranked team left in the FA Cup.
The glutinous dish is a part of many people's celebration of New Year.The fire department is advising people - especially the very young and elderly - to cut mochi into small pieces before consuming.
Wealth gap between the world's top 1% and the rest of us. The gap between rich and poor has reached its widest level for 30 years in most developed countries, according to a new report from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) group of developed nations. In the OECD, the richest 10% of the population earn more than the poorest 10% in the average industrialised country, and the bottom 10% earn less than the top 10%. The OECD's report, A Richer World 2015, is based on data from the World Bank and the OECD. It finds that the gap
Steven Gerrard's departure next May has been presented by Liverpool and the player himself as the right time for the parting of the ways. This iconic captain's future would have been carefully managed had he stayed another year, with his number of performances inevitably reduced.
Deborah Steel, 37, was last seen in the early hours of 28 December.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested at a property thought to be in the Langley Green area of Crawley.
Homeless applications have decreased by a third in the past five years but the Shelter said the statistics did not tell the full story.
Firefighters created a giant Indian bread, weighing 26kg (57lb 5oz) and measuring 3.79m (12ft 5in) by 1.4m (4ft 7in).
Andy Johnson and wife Alex receive Duchenne's Muscular dystrophy diagnosis. Three years ago, rugby league legend Andy Johnson received the news that all parents dread - their "cheeky, excitable and a big softy at heart" young son was diagnosed with an incurable condition.
The speed of change, development and growth in Asia is staggering, particularly when you compare it to the inability of Washington DC to get anything done at all. I had the privilege of being one of the first people to fly out of Hanoi's gleaming new international airport terminal on Monday.
What we know about the Kouachi brothers. Here is what we know so far.
Ryan Matthews, 62, was already serving a life sentence for double murder when he killed Sharon Wall at Wotton Lawn Hospital in Gloucester, where he lived.Ms Wall was stabbed twice in the back on 9 July and could not be saved despite efforts.
Ivo Karlovic beats Novak Djokovic to reach the semi-finals of the Madrid Masters. Croatia's Ivan Dodig is beaten by Serbia's Novak Johokovic in the first semi-final of the ATP Masters 1000 in Madrid.
German exports fell 2.1% in November, while imports rose 1.5%.
Firefighters have been called to homes in Poole, Bournemouth, Weymouth, Wool, and Woolland, near Hazelbury Bryan.
The boy, from Lincolnshire, groomed some of the girls on Facebook and encouraged them to send him photos of their breasts.
He swam the equivalent of 290 lengths of an Olympic-size swimming pool.
A minute of silence has been observed in Cardiff Bay to pay tribute to those who lost their lives in the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris.
A batch of pills with the superman logo containing the chemical PMMA may still be in circulation according to the police.Suffolk police are searching for ecstasy pills containing PMMA following the deaths of three men in Suffolk and one in Shropshire.
New water pipes to be laid in Stafford town centre. More than 12 miles (20km) of new water pipes are being laid from the Shugborough area into Stafford.
Chris Brown has been shot at a private party in San Jose, California, near San Francisco.The singer has made no public comment on the shooting.
The men's and women's teams had their £2.92m funding removed after London 2012.
A woman has pleaded guilty to stealing £1,000 from the Ferryquay Street branch of Cancer Research UK.
Ken Morley has been accused of using racist language and being sexist in the Celebrity Big Brother house.
Leicester's Matty James and Aston Villa's Ciaran Clark were sent off in the game
Glamis Hall hosted a lunch club, including a three-course meal and activities, at its Wellingborough home.
The TS Eliot Prize is a literary prize awarded by the Poetry Book Society to honour the life and work of TS Eliot. The prize money is donated by the TS Eliot estate.
A taxi driver has been charged with raping a woman in the Indian capital, New Delhi, police say.The victim had used the Uber smartphone app to book a taxi home but said she was taken to a secluded area and raped.Delhi later banned Uber and several other web-based taxi firms for failing to carry out adequate driver checks.Although the driver has not yet given a statement in public, police said he has confessed to the crime.
The Marchwood Park and Cracknore Hard industrial estates, covering 113.73 acres, were acquired by Associated British Ports for an undisclosed amount.
The Conservatives have pledged to balance the government's overall spending, covering current and capital spending, while Labour has promised to balance day-to-day spending but borrow for investment.David Cameron has committed his party to running an overall budget surplus by the end of the next Parliament through a combination of cutting spending and waste, rather than tax rises.But Labour says the targets match its plans to eradicate the current deficit "as soon as possible" in the next parliament.In the Commons, Mr Osborne said the government had neither gone faster nor slower than it said it would on deficit reduction, and said Labour would borrow more than the
The Women into Sustainable Employment scheme is being piloted in Dundee and Glasgow.
Adelaide and Victoria in southern Australia have seen some of the worst bushfires for 30 years.
Grand Grand Theft Auto V has been delayed until 24 March.
A 24-year-old man from Manchester was arrested on 8 January in connection with that robbery and later bailed pending further inquiries.
Four councils have pledged £250,000 for a detailed traffic modelling plan to look at traffic on both sides of the proposed bridge in detail.
French comedian Jean-Claude Dieudonne has been arrested on suspicion of incitement to hatred or racism, anti-Semitism and carrying out racist or anti-Semitic acts in connection with the Charlie Hebdo massacre.The comedian, who was arrested on Tuesday night, is due to be released on Wednesday evening but will face trial at a later date.He is accused of inciting hatred against Muslims for reprinting cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad and of threatening to carry out terrorist acts.If found guilty, he could face up to seven years in jail and a â‚¬5,000 (Â£3,800
Southern Railway luggage van No 2464 has spent four months being stripped and repainted.
One Direction's "four more years" tweet has overtaken Barack Obama's famous Obama tweet.
A number of other men arrested previously were released without charge.
The carriage has spent four months at Locomotion, the National Railway Museum in Shildon.
The UK Council for Psychotherapy has signed an agreement to stop gay conversion therapy being offered to patients.The agreement, The Memorandum of Understanding on Conversion Therapy in the UK, makes it clear that NHS England, the organisation which has day-to-day responsibility for running the NHS, "does not endorse or support conversion therapy" and will make this clear to staff.They will also be providing training for staff to enable them to improve support available to lesbian, gay and bisexual (LGB) people seeking advice.Although in general, referrals to conversion services are rare - there is evidence that GPs, counsellors
A Status Yellow alert has been issued for coastal and mountain areas of Donegal, Sligo, Mayo, Galway, Clare, Limerick, Kerry, Leitrim and Cork.The meteorological service, Met Ã‰ireann says that wind gusts of 130-150km/hr are possible in exposed areas until midday on Thursday.Overnight, rain is expected to clear and the strongest winds are forecast for the north and north-west with gusts up to 70mph and possibly 80mph forecast by Thursday morning.BBC Northern Ireland weather presenter Cecilia Daly said that it would be wet and windy later
A 22-year-old man needed hospital treatment after the incident on Bridge Street on New Year's Day.
Google Glass is dead, at least in its present form, the search giant has announced. Google has announced that it will stop producing its Google Glass smart glasses as a consumer product, and will stop taking orders for the product. Instead it will focus on "future versions of Glass" with work carried out by a different division to before.The Explorer programme, which gave software developers the chance to buy Glass for $1,500 (Â£990) will close.
Chapelcross, near Annan, is one of five sites being considered but is the only one north of the border
Three people have been arrested in a police raid on a train station in the Belgian city of Verviers, police say.The incident comes a week after attacks in neighbouring France that killed 17 people.The attacks in and around Paris - on satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo, a kosher market and police - have heightened security fears in several European countries.In May last year, four people were killed inside the Jewish museum in Brussels.A French man has been arrested over the attacks in Paris and a Belgian man is in custody in the Brussels suburb of Sint-Jans-Molenbeek.
Wind power saved the UK Â£579 million in fossil fuel costs in 2013, according to a new report.
David Ginola is being paid £250,000 by a betting firm, which denies the campaign is a publicity stunt.Ginola's bid has the support of pressure group ChangeFifa, which has long campaigned for new leadership at the top of the organisation.The former Newcastle and Tottenham midfielder is seeking to challenge Sepp Blatter for the presidency of world football's governing body, which is due to be announced on 29 January.The 47-year-old said: "We all know that the Fifa system isn't working. We are in this for the long haul - we believe we will be on the ballot."
Cambridge United 0, Manchester United 0. Media playback is not supported on this device
Leela Samson quit after an appeals board approved the film Messenger of God, directed by and starring guru Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh.
Krystian Bielik has signed for Arsenal from Legia Warsaw on a five-year deal.For each position, select whether you think Arsenal are sorted, or if a player is needed.
Nottingham Forest and Derby County striker Robert Earnshaw refuses to pretend otherwise prior to the East Midlands meeting at the iPro Stadium on Saturday."I can say it wasn't extra special and I didn't go harder in those games - but I did," Earnshaw told BBC Radio Nottingham."I always felt I would score, that I would get a some space and a chance."Five goals in seven appearances, including a lovingly recalled away winner for Forest in January 2011, meant his feeling was often proved right.And his happy knack of derby goals - he also got two in a 5-2 victory at the City Ground in the previous month
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been fined by West Brom after being found guilty of drink-driving.The striker's excellent form this season earned him a call-up to the full England squad in November.
The US Supreme Court has said it will hear a combined case about marriage bans in four states.
Alfreton Town: Danny Mooney available for Welling United game. AlfRETON'S Danny MoONEY is available for Alfreon Town's game against Welling on Saturday.
Burkina Faso 1-1 Congo: Congolese advance to the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations. Congo needed a draw to progress and went ahead when Thierry Bifouma swept home Ferebory Dore's cross.
Australian golfer Paul Allenby says he may have been drugged before he was taken from the bar on Friday.The golfer had been planning to fly out of Hawaii after missing the cut at the US PGA Tour's Sony Open.Local television said the incident was being investigated as second-degree robbery.
David Cameron refuses to take part in pre-election debates unless the Green Party is included.
Cape Verde Islands 0, Zambia 0: Rainford Kalaba and Evans Kangwa miss chances. Zambia are out of the Africa Cup of Nations after a 1-1 draw with Cape Verdes Islands in the first leg of the quarter-finals. RainfordKalaba (Zambia) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right.Mukuka Mulenga is saved in the bottom left corner by Stoppila Sunzu (Cape Verde Islanders).Offside, Capeverde Islands.Mudenga wins a free kick in the attacking half
South South Oxfordshire District Council's headquarters in Crowmarsh Gifford, was one of three properties wrecked in blazes on Thursday.
Charli XCX has revealed that she's written a couple of songs for Gwen Stefani's new album.This will be Gwen's first solo album since 2006.
Guinea reopens schools after Ebola outbreak. Guinea has reopened schools four days after the UN said the number of confirmed Ebola cases had fallen to its lowest weekly total since August.
Two armed men wearing masks broke into the 44-year-old victim's house in Meadowbank Terrace at about 00:50.During the assault the men knocked the victim to the ground and hit him repeatedly with a blunt object before fleeing the property.Police Scotland have appealed for witnesses.The second attacker is in his early to mid 20s, between 5ft 6ins and 5ft 8ins tall and of skinny build.He spoke with a local accent.
He can play a small toy piano and is even named after a musician.
Imran Khawaja, 27, from Southall, west London is facing a possible prison term up to life imprisonment for his role in life and death on Syria's battlefields. He was one of the most public British fighters in Syria - always online, but always masked. He called himself Abu Daigham al-Britani. And after reaching the warzone via Kurdish territory, he began posting videos and pictures of his personal jihad. In one video he explains how a fellow fighter was shot through the side - but "thanks to Allah's will" was soon back on the front line. In another - masked again - he is
Unilever said underlying sales growth in emerging markets, where it makes more than half its sales, slowed to 5.7%.
The hole was caused by heavy rain washing away a drain running under part of Traigh Golf Course, near Mallaig
Fox News host Jeanine Pirro said there were "no-go areas" in the French capital
David Seligman, an agent at CM Sports in Manchester and an expert in sports law, and renowned agent Eric Hall for some insight into the type of last-ditch negotiations that occur when the transfer window is about to shut. "I once represented a player who had not scored a goal for a long time but he had played at a high level so, in his head, he wanted to earn a certain amount of money."I eventually got him £2,500 a week after one club had initially offered £700 a week. From my point of view, when I first touted the player to the manager concerned,
Ed Sheeran has slid off the test track at Dunsfold Aerodrome in Surrey while recording his slot for the opening episode of the latest series of Top Gear.The singer, who has never driven a car before, will appear in the new series on Sunday on BBC Two at 20:00 GMT.
Image copyright ESA/Rosetta Image caption New pictures of the surface of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko reveal a lumpy texture in places that researchers speculate could have been the body's original building blocks
Hope Solo was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in Los Angeles
Wrexham Maelor Hospital staff under 'considerable pressure'. Health Inspectorate Wales said staff were under "considerable pressures" for long periods as ambulances waited outside.
All Wales Anti-Slavery Conference in Llandudno.
Ebola vaccine to reach Liberia and Sierra Leone. The vaccine has been developed by British company GlaxoSmithKline and the US National Institutes of Health. A vaccine developed by a British company and US government agency is to be sent to Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea to see if it is safe and effective against the deadly Ebola virus.The vaccine has already been tested on 200 healthy volunteers across the UK, US, Switzerland and Mali.But experts say that, with Ebola cases falling, it may be difficult to establish whether the jab offers any protection against the virus.
Hong Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa is in exclusive talks with Spanish telecoms group Telefonica to buy O2.The deal would create the UK's biggest mobile group.However, the move could face tough scrutiny from competition regulators.The European Commission has taken a positive view of four-to-three consolidations of mobile in three cases now...and we believe that the precedents that they have set in those transactions will apply for this transaction.The 86-year old is also undertaking a major reorganisation of his business empire, which has interests in property, energy, ports and telecoms.Mr Li has spent
The cameras are the first to go into operation on a Welsh section of the M4.
The money is owed by absent parents who have been referred to the Child Support Agency.The CSA was set up 21 years ago with the aim of ensuring that if a relationship broke down, a parent could not just walk off and leave an ex to pay the costs of bringing up their children.But it has been dogged with problems. Mistakes were made with assessments and absent parents were not tracked down.Computer systems did not work properly.In 2012, a new child maintenance system was introduced in an effort to draw a line under the CSA's difficulties.But figures in DWP accounts published in December raise questions about
Kemp's ridley turtle was one of two found on beaches near Formby, Merseyside, and Cumbria's Walney Island on 22 December
The Isle of Wight's Conservative Association Executive Council voted against a motion of no confidence in Andrew Turner.
Ivory Coast 3-2 Algeria. Ivory Coast beat Algeria to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time since 2010 with a late goal from Wilfried Bony giving the Elephants a comfortable victory.
Rihanna and Kanye West have released a snippet of their new collaboration Four Five Seconds, featuring Sir Paul McCartney.It's yet to be confirmed if the song will appear on an album by any of the artists.Though producer Ty Dolla $ign did tell Billboard earlier this month that the song is likely be part of West's upcoming release.It follows West's own collaboration with McCartney at the beginning of the year.
Lord Oakeshott has donated Â£600,000 to Lib Dem, Labour and Green candidates in an attempt to prevent a Conservative win in May's General Election.
The trees were part of an area known as 'Doggerland' which formed part of a much bigger area before it was flooded by the North Sea
Triple J has announced that Taylor Swift's Shake It Off In The Hottest 100 won't be allowed in the list.
Lance Armstrong: 'I wouldn't do it again'. Lance Armstrong says he would not do doping again if he was racing in 2015, but would do it if he had the chance to.
Easyjet flight EZY6238 was carrying 170 passengers from Berlin to Bristol on Sunday when it was diverted to Amsterdam's Schiphol airport.
Alexander Litvinenko was a former FSB officer who had become a fierce critic of Vladimir Putin, first in Russia and then in Britain where he eventually received citizenship.He was poisoned with radioactive polonium 210 at the Millennium Hotel's Pine Bar in central London in December 2006. He was found dead in his London home on November 27, 2006.The British government has launched a public inquiry into the murder of Alexander Litvenko, a former Russian intelligence agent who was poisoned by radioactive Polonium210 in London in November 2006. The inquiry will examine the central question - who was responsible for what was described by a lawyer in
Lance Lance Armstrong has been given a second chance by the US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) after admitting to using performance-enhancing drugs.The wife of former professional road cyclist Frankie Andreu, she claimed, long before his public confession, that Armstrong took banned substances and bullied team-mates."When the going gets tough, he turns on the charm. When he's saying everyone was doing it (doping), he's being so unfair to the people who rode the 1999 Tour de France and tours over the following years clean - and plenty did."Walsh believes Armstrong is struggling with being out of the limelight."
Dr Tim Ladbrooke said: "The week before Christmas was 175% busier than any week we'd ever had before."
Blink 182 have confirmed Tom DeLonge has left the band.According to a statement released by the other two members of the band, the singer and guitarist had left "indefinitely".In an interview with Rolling Stone, drummer Travis Barker and bassist.
Benedict Cumberbatch has apologised and said he was "devastated to have caused offence" after using the word on a US TV show to describe black actorsCumberbatch mentioned David Oyelowo and Chiwetel Ejiofor as part of a wider discussionRead More.
Real Madrid say the majority of the 51 players that Fifa asked for information on were exempt from regulations for various reasons.
Sernas has 35 international caps for LithuaniaSernas is a former Celtic defender and has also played in Russia, Turkey and Australia.
A dog walker spotted the body in Vernatt's Drain, near the Pinchbeck Road bridge in Spalding, on Sunday.
Australian Open: Andy Murray beats Nick Kyrgios to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the second time in three days. Andy Murray has beaten Nick Kergios in straight sets to reach his second Australian Open semi-final in three years and set up a clash with Tomas Berdych on Thursday.Murray, 27, outsmarted the 19-year-old to win 6-3 7-6 (7-5)6-3 and set.
The asteroid passed by the Earth at a safe distance of 1.2 million km.
Joanna Michael, 25, from St Mellons, Cardiff, rang 999 twice before Cyron Williams stabbed her to death in 2009.The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) ruled she was failed by South Wales and Gwent Police.Ms Michael's parents and children won the right to try to bring a claim for damages against both police forces in 2011.
Yemeni President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi's chief of staff has been released by Houthi rebels in a deal to end a violent stand-off in the capital, Sanaa.Ahmed Awad bin Mubarak was meant to be released last week as part of a deal agreed with the Houthis. Yemeni rebels have released the country's president's top aide, who was seized by them last week.
Deaths rates from heart disease between 2004/05 and 2013/14 dropped by 43%, according to official figures.
Dr Lorenz Mayr hopes it will speed the development of medicines for illnesses including diabetes, heart disease and many cancers.
Marmalade, a 13-year-old ginger cat, was found nearly four months after going missing from Tracy Brewster's Maidstone home
By 2016 local authority funding will have been cut in real terms by 37% since 2010.
The BBC "owes it to books to do what it used to do, which is to give something back".
Bath sign second-row Geoff Parling and Olly woodburn from Leicester. Bath have signed England second row Geoff parling and Leicester wing Olly Woodburn from Premiership side Leicester.
A father has sold a green albatross buggy for more than £150,000 on eBay after it was discovered it had been covered in "pretty much every bodily fluid known to science" by his three children.At one stage the highest bid for the three-wheeler stood at more than &pound;150k, after the advert went viral.He reset the price after admitting he did not expect the bidder to pay up.In the listing's description, Mr Andresier, of Sarisbury Green, said: "This was purchased against my wishes many years ago as I never wanted any children and a buggy
Arctic drilling "divides society", but said the world needs new sources of oil.Mr van Beurden said there were still issues to resolve before drilling began, such as over operating permits and getting further facilities in place. But he hoped to see work begin in the summer."We will only do this if we feel that we can do it responsibly," he said. "I think that we are as well prepared as any company can be to mitigate the risks."He also pointed out that there are already other energy companies operating in the Arctic.But the impact of the low oil price is clearly biting. It's time for investors to
Two special concerts at the Royal Albert Hall will see pupils perform their own response to 10 pieces of classic music.
Crossrail project's 1,000-tonne boring machine has broken into the eastern end of Liverpool Street Crossrail station.By 2018 high-speed trains will run from Reading, through central London to Abbey Wood and Shenfield in Essex.
The minute's silence went relatively well because we only had two incidents. The pupils involved showed reticence so they had a chat with the civics teachers. The school was at the heart of the events, close to the Charlie Hebdo offices. One of my students heard the shots being fired by the Kouachi brothers. I was a young teacher and did not know what to do. When the pupils returned to school on the Monday, the disruption began. The most radical among them started singing Hamas songs. Suddenly two of them made increasingly loud snoring noises that ended up covering my voice. They asked me for adhesive tape
Australian Open: Jordanne Whiley and Gordon Reid reach doubles final. Australian Open men's doubles final Jordanne whiley, Gordon Reid and Yui Kamiji both reach their respective doubles finals. Britain's Jamie Lapthorne reached the men's singles final of the Australian Open after defeating Australia's Dylan Alcott and South Africa's Lucas Sithole in the semi-finals.
Charlene disappeared near Blackpool's North Pier on 1 November 2003Police believe she was one of a number of girls who were groomed for sexLancashire Police and Crime Commissioner Clive Grunshaw said: "Someone out there knows something about what happened to Charlene."Detectives believe the answer lies in Blackpool - and it could lie at Bloomfield Road on Saturday."Det Supt Andy Webster said:.
Portugal changes citizenship laws to allow descendants of Sephardic Jews to apply for a passport. Portugal has changed its citizenship laws, allowing descendants of Jews who can prove a strong link to the Iberian peninsula to apply to become citizens.
The US economy grew by 2.6% in the fourth quarter of 2014, according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics.The figure was weaker than the 5% growth in the third quarter.
Professor Paul Kohler, 55, needed facial reconstruction surgery after the attack in Kings Road, Wimbledon, on 11 August. Two Polish men have been jailed for 19 years each after causing grievous bodily harm with intent and aggravated burglary.
Kenya's Storymoja National Read Aloud event aims to break the Guinness World Record for the number of children who read aloud in a single school. Kenya is trying to break a Guinness World record for the most children reading aloud in one school at the same time in an attempt to break an international record set by the United States.The event is meant to foster a culture of reading in the country, the organisers told the BBC.It will take at least a week to work out whether they have been successful as they need to tally the number.
Kenya's Marathon Major Champion Jemetoo serves two-year doping ban. Kenya's marathon major champion Jemetto has been banned for two years for failing a doping test.
The NFL is still number one by a huge margin - double the popularity of Major League Baseball and College Football.Media playback is not supported on this device
Tom Brady named most valuable player of Super Bowl. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is named the Most Valuable Player of Sunday's Super Bowl, with the 37-year-old throwing four touchdown passes, including two in the fourth quarter.
Jeremy Forrest, from Petts Wood, London, was jailed for five-and-a-half years in 2013 for abducting and having sex with the girl when she was 15.The pair spent seven days in France before they were spotted in Bordeaux and the girl was returned home.Her mother said she wanted to put the record straight about what happened.She has written a book, The Runaway Schoolgirl, about the events since the pair crossed the Channel to France in September 2012.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's most-visited websites, has come back online a day early following a raid in Sweden.The website, which provides links to pirated content, was taken offline in December following a complaint by a group called the Rights Alliance.
Visit My Mosque Day will take place on Saturday, the MCB said.More than 20 mosques were expected to take part.The MCB has raised concerns about anti-Muslim sentiment since 17 people were killed in Paris last month.
IAAF wants Russia's Tatyana Chernova to be banned for the whole time. IAAF president Sebastian Coe Minichiello says Russian athlete Tatya Chernova should be banned from competing at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing and the 2016 Rio Olympics because she set a personal best with the benefit of anabolic steroids decades after the point at which they were taken. The IAAF has called on Russia's athletics governing body the IAAF and the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) to have a "long, hard look" at the Russian anti-doping agency's punishment for doping. I
Mercedes, runners-up Red Bull and third-placed Williams showed off their new designs in the pit lane before beginning preparation work.
Murray had defended Sears, saying: "In the heat of the moment, you can say stuff that you regret."
South Wimbledon and Queensway stations will be the first to see their staff moved from ticket offices into ticket halls and on to platforms.
The motion was tabled by Jim O'Callaghan, Fianna FÃ¡il, amid fears that the planned march could lead to violence
Rio de Janeiro's Vila Uniao neighbourhood has been spared the demolition of its homes by the city's housing department.The new BRT route is expected to carry 70,000 passengers a day.It will link Barra da Tijuca, which will host the athletes' village, to Deodoro, the venue for several Olympic events.The extension of the BRT is part of the upgrades planned ahead of the 2016 Olympic Games.
The group of four alleged mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman had committed electoral fraud.
The price of a diamond is not set in stone, so to speak. Its appearance - and value - is enhanced by cutting and polishing.At the SB Jewellery workshop in the UK's jewellery trade centre of Hatton Garden, London, Eddie Taylor is setting a diamond.The stunningly beautiful stone is worth £18,000. But even on a rock, sticking a well-known name on it can dramatically increase its perceived worth."If it's a Cartier, or a Tiffany, it will leap in price," he says. "You can easily pay 150% more for a diamond with one of
Jak Trueman, 15, was suffering from a rare form of blood cancer called gamma delta T-cell lymphoma.The West Calder High School pupil had been documenting his life and treatment on social media. A 15-year-old footballer from West Lothian has died after being diagnosed with cancer.Jak Trueman was diagnosed with the rare blood cancer in August last year and had been undergoing treatment at the Royal Hospital for Sick Children in Edinburgh and Yorkhill Hospital in Glasgow.On Saturday he briefly attended a school prom held in his honour.His mother Allison broke the news of his death on his Facebook page,
Apple plans to return more than $130bn to shareholders by the end of this year.The move comes despite the company sitting on a cash pile of $178bn.
A poster for conference call firm Powwownow shows a man on an underground train surrounded by zombie-like characters in masks.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to 45 years in prison for killing and injuring his comrades by detonating a grenade and firing at them.He was captured two days later after he shot himself during a tense stand-off with troops.The incident reignited debate on military culture in South Korea, where all males must do about two years military service.It was the latest in a series of high-profile cases of bullying in the army and at school.In July last year, the military completed its investigation into the incident and said the attack, at a post near the border town of Goseong, was in revenge
Fire crews were called to a property on Robertson Road just before 07:30.
Ocado reported a pre-tax profit of £7.2m last year on the back of a 20% jump in sales to £948.9m.
Hinchingbrooke Hospital in Cambridgeshire, run by Circle, was branded "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) last month.
The poster with the phrase #prayforjosh appeared in Holywood by the A2 within the last week.It is part of a social media campaign supporting 13-year-old Joshua Martin, from Donaghadee, County Down.Life took a dramatic turn for the teenager when he was diagnosed with cancer on Christmas Eve.
Fitbit Charge, Misfit Shine and Jawbone Up Move are all in the dock.At their worst, one day saw a variation between them of 23% in distance covered, and over the course of a week a difference in opinion between the Fitbit UP with 2,649 calories burned - that's more than.
The UK film industry is a powerhouse for growth, culture secretary Sajid Javid said
Former MP Chris Huhne has been granted access to the Houses of Parliament for the first time since he was jailed for perjury and perverting the course of justice.
Dram video footage emerged showing the TransAsia Airways plane clipping a bridge as it came down shortly after take-off from a Taipei airport.The plane, carrying 58 people, broke up as it plunged into Taipei's Keelung River.There were 15 survivors pulled from the wreckage but 12 people remain missing.Television footage showed some passengers wading clear of the sunken wreckage and a toddler being pulled out alive by rescuers.Emergency teams cut open the plane while it was in the water but were unable to reach the passengers trapped in the front section of the fuselage.As night fell, a crane was used to lift
The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) says the UK's public finances have a long way to go before they finally recover from the effects of the financial crisis.The IFS said that over the next four years the UK is planning the largest fiscal consolidation out of 32 advanced economies.It would mean public spending falling to its lowest share of national income since at least 1948, and fewer people working in the public sector than at any time since 1971.But the report is optimistic about UK growth, estimating zero inflation and 3% growth this year.Andrew Goodwin, senior economist at Oxford Economics and co-author of a chapter
The Ayotzinapa students were last seen alive during a protest in the town of Iguala, Mexico, on September 26, 2014.Police fired on them and rounded them up, eventually handing them over to members of the Guerreros Unidos drug gang, who are widely thought to have killed them.But the students' families refuse to believe they are dead. They say they want more answers and will not give up looking for them.They are reluctant to recognise that state officials have engaged in enforced disappearances in Mexico."In a country used to the high number of dead in the drug war, this case
A woman with learning disabilities has been told she will be sterilised if she has a further pregnancy.The Court of Protection, which rules in cases when people are unable to make decisions for themselves, heard the woman has no contact with any of her six children.All are being raised by carers.Two of the children were born at home in conditions described as "unhygienic and overrun by pets".There is evidence that barbecue tongs were used as forceps, although this was denied.In another birth, the woman - known only as DD - contested there was no father and the pregnancy resulted from a "
Mears Scotland has held the contract with the council for four years.
It seems never ending. In less than a year two Malaysian aircraft have been lost, with.
There are over 200 sculptures, the biggest of which is a Star Wars themed spectacle, which organisers say was created using 850 truck loads of snow and ice!
Blackpool owners Owen and Karl Oyston have sued fan David Ragozzino for £150,000 over a post on website Another View From the Tower.
The chief executive of Twitter Dick Costolo didn't exactly hold back in a leaked memo to staff.Charles Sherwin went on ITV's Take Me Out in 2012 looking for love, but ended up with a string of abuse from Twitter trolls.Now the farmer's told Newsbeat the site needs to do more to punish trolls, and stop them ruining it for everyone else.
You never said that, but all your friends on Facebook think you did because a profile claiming to be you has said it.At a glance the account could be yours too.From photos, to status updates, to your date of birth, the account is rich with information which has been lifted from your profile, which is public.
Scotland pushed France all the way, but the concession of too many penalties proved to be their undoingDougie Fife crossed for the game's only try, finishing off a fine passage of play to put the Scots within a pointThe French reclaimed the initiative in the second half, and Lopez's accuracy with the boot saw them homeScotland captain Greig Laidlaw and Lopez then traded penalties in an opening period of furious intensity and ferocious defendingAfter weathering the expected early French storm, the visitors exerted some pressure of their own, with Finn Russell, Alex Dunbar and Stuart Hogg all finding gaps in the home defence, but some
Madonna has shared the video for Living for Love, the album's first single.
Isle of Wight cross-Solent ferry service to be added. Hovertravel is looking at the possibility of adding services between Sandown and Southsea.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is eligible to play for England at the next World Cup, according to former Republic of Ireland international Martin Murphy.Media playback is not supported on this device Kane scores twice in Tottenham win over Arsenal
Blackpool Football Club have launched legal action against the Back Henry Street website.A club spokesman confirmed the legal action but said it would not be commenting further.
Here are some more fun facts about the Grammy Awards...
The money is on top of £58m already allocated for 2014-15 to a sector which covers more than 230,000 homes.
Facebook Town may be built near Menlo Park in California and has been the area's largest employer for years.
Derby City Council wants to shut Moorways Pool from April. The council wants to close the pool in a bid to save about £350,000 a year.
Qualcomm said on Monday it would not contest the ruling that it violated China's anti-monopoly lawChina's expanding high-speed 4G network is driving demand in the world's largest smartphone market, where Qualcomm as a key player
Bees and other pollinating insects thrive as well in towns and cities as they do in farms and nature reserves.
Talawa's production of All My Sons, with a cast led by Ray Shell and Dona Croll, has opened at Ipswich's New Wolsey Theatre, and tours until 25 April. A full list of tour dates is on the Talawa website. A View from the Bridge, with Mark Strong leading the cast, opens at the West End's Wyndham's Theatre on 16 February, and is now in preview.
Panorama: 'Can You Cure My Cancer?' on BBC One on 11 February at 21.00 GMT or later on the BBC iPlayer
William Graham backed a motion in the Senedd in January calling for a review of the possible routes for an M4 relief road
The Gourma elephants migrate around 600km (370 miles) a year to feed.
Two men have been arrested in Sydney on suspicion of plotting to carry out an attack in the city, police say. A hunting knife, an Islamic State (IS) flag and a video describing an attack were seized.
GMTRail services were suspended as teams worked to clear the lines of snow
The Tower Blocks - Our Blocks project has been described as a "Domesday Book" of the UK's post-war reconstruction.
The 67-year-old was attacked outside his Gateshead home on 25 January and suffered a broken collar bone.He intends to use the money to buy a new home as he does not want to return to the area where he was attacked.Mr Barnes has lived with disabilities from birth after his mother contracted German measles when she was pregnant. He is visually impaired and stands 4ft 6in (1.21m) tall.He said: "I've always wanted to do other things that I've found difficult with having my eyesight problem but she seems to have opened doors and I might be able to do it
The Daily Show has become an alternative way of learning about the world.And Stewart - jabbing his pen, wrong-footing interviewees, delivering impassioned monologues, and yes, cracking a gag or two - has been its biggest draw.Here are some of his highlights.
The European Space Agency (Esa) said the IXV was designed to gather information on how space objects fall back to Earth.It blasted off on a Vega rocket from South America just after 13:40 GMT.The demonstrator flew east around the globe, before coming down in the water west of the Galapagos Islands at about 15:20 GMT.At the time the craft re-entered the atmosphere, it was moving at 7.5km/s. As it pushed against the air, the temperatures on its leading surfaces would have soared to 1,700C.Flaps and thrusters controlled the
Phillip Hughes died when he was hit by a short-pitched delivery in Sydney. The incident was described as a "freak" by medical experts.
Leigh Halfpenny's three penalties and a slick Rhys Webb score put Wales 16-10 up by half-time.Jon Welsh's late try was not enough after Jonathan Davies had powered over.
The new centre will provide an equitable provision for all young people in the borough and is long overdue.
It had been in place following a fatal crash in 1977.It was removed three weeks before Enda Dolan died after he was hit by a van on the Malone Road last October.According to documents received through a Freedom of Information request made by the BBC, officials from the DRD Roads Service - now called Transport NI - ordered the barrier to be removed, even though they were unable to find out why it had been originally put there.The documents show communication between officials discussing the barrier.One asked: "Have you been able to.
Wales track cyclist Becky James has been ruled out of the Rio Olympics due to a knee injury.The former double world champion, 23, missed the 2014 Commonwealth Games due to recurring trouble in her left kneeShe also underwent surgery on a long-standing shoulder problem but Sutton said the knee injury was still a cause for concern."Becky has had a few setbacks over the last week or so," he said."We looked like getting her back in the spring but there have been one or two little complications."Media playback is not supported on this device
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has been ordered to pay the legal costs of a multi-million pound fraud case against six men.The men had been accused of conspiracy to defraud the Coal Authority, Neath Port Talbot, Bridgend, and Powys councils.They had been arrested in 2011 and it took nearly three years to come to court.But after five days of legal submissions, Lord Justice Hickinbottom threw the SFO's case out saying that the six defendants had not acted unlawfully regardless of whether or not they had acted dishonestly.They were represented by 10 barristers including five QCs
Treviso: Hayward, Esposito, Bacchin, Christie, Nitoglia, Carlisle, Lucchese, Zanusso, Giazzon, Harden, Pavanello, van Zyl, Swanepoel, Budd, Luamanu.
Vasek Pospisil beats Andy Murray 6-4 6-3 to reach the quarter-finals of the US Open.The top seed was hampered by an ankle knock at the start of the second set.
Dem Demolition of the existing buildings is still subject to a bat mitigation licence being granted by Natural England.
World Cup 2014: Boycott criticises England's Eoin Morgan. Former England batsman Geoffrey Boycott has criticised England captain Eoin "not as good as he thinks he is" and "not so clever" against top-class bowling. England's Geoff Boycott says England captain Morgan is not as good and not so clever against Australia's fast bowlers. England need James Anderson, Stuart Broad, Ian Bell, Ravi Bopara and Ravi Morgan to fire up the crowd at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, according to former England captain Geoffrey Boycot. England are confident of beating Australia in their opening World Cup
Who Killed Lucy Beale party tips. EastEnders fans are celebrating the 30th anniversary of the show by throwing a party to celebrate the loss of a young woman's life. You may not be on first name terms with the cashier, or get into a row while you're in there, but if you try really hard you may just believe you’re in the Minute Mart.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted to dozing off during the State of the Union address.Justice Ginsburg was repeatedly pictured slumbering in her chair as President Barack Obama addressed the joint session of Congress in the House of Representatives on 20 January.
Jonathan Joseph: England fly-half George Ford is the man of the match in the Millennium. Jonathan Joseph was the outstanding performer for England in Saturday's victory over Italy at Twickenham, but George Ford was the man to watch in the second half. He was the only player to score a try in the first half, and the only one to do so in the opening 45 minutes of the game. He was also the only man to make a try-saving tackle on Italy 10 Kelly Haimona, and he was the sole man to score the opening try for England. He is the only person to have scored
World Cup 2015: India beat Pakistan by six wickets in Adelaide. Virat Kohli becomes the first man to score a century in his opening match of a World Cup tournament with a century against Pakistan in the first ODI at the Adelaide Oval. India's victory in the opening ODI of the 2015 World Cup against Pakistan was an emphatic way to begin the defence of the trophy they won on home soil in 2011.
Lydiard Council is "pulling out the stops" to ensure the fundraiser goes ahead as planned on 11 October.
Children born to overweight mothers are more likely to suffer heart disease or strokes or develop type 2 diabetes in later life.
Brentford head coach Mark Warburton will leave the club at the end of the season.Assistant boss David Weir and sporting director Frank McParland will also depart the Bees, who are currently seventh in the Championship table.
HMP Bristol is a category B local prison in Bristol, England.HMP Bristol was previously criticised following an unannounced inspection in May 2013.
The futures of Aston and Coventry stations were discussed by West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority.
The government said it had been "clear" that the staff would get full pensions.
I feel like I've pulled Geordie Shore up by its ears, and I'm bringing it up to date. I've splashed colour in there, both in a sexual and physical way."I didn't really get hurt, but I just wish I'd never gone there with this person. But the drink does that to you."Chloe says she was also apprehensive before filming the show."I was really nervous going in the house because girls sometimes get a little bit: 'God, there's a new girl.'"But I get on literally with anyone.
Annie Woodland, 24, who lived in Essex, suffered brain damage in the incident at Gloucester Park Pool in Basildon.
Prime Minister David Cameron says all good schools should be able to expand.
Gold coins in different denominations were found on the seabed by members of a diving club in Caesarea.
Nicki Minaj and Madonna have been accused of being "discriminatory" for not being playlisted on Radio 1's A playlist.The singer, 56, has a new album out, Rebel Heart, and the first official single is called Living for Love.
Ukraine's troops withdraw from Debaltseve. Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko says 80% of Ukrainian troops have left the rebel-held city of Donetsk after several days of fierce fighting in the east of the country. He said the withdrawal was planned and organised, but on the ground it looked like a hasty retreat in the face of overwhelming odds.He blamed Russian President Vladimir Putin for deceiving everyone about the ceasefire. "When he says something is guaranteed, that means there's some kind of trap coming up.
Firework is believed to have caused the fire, which did not lead to serious damage
The fossil was found in the rocks of Dorset's Jurassic Coast in the early 1980s and brought to the museum, so it is not clear how it was eventually mistaken for a copy.
Ayla Ellison, of Ulverston, Cumbria, suffered severe brain damage following a "traumatic" birth at Furness General Hospital, Barrow, in April 2007.The court was told she is at constant risk of hypothermia as she cannot control her body temperature.Despite her immobility, she suffers muscle spasms that leave her "screaming inconsolably at the top of her voice for hours".Painkillers do not stop the pain, which can only be quelled by immersion in a hydrotherapy pool.Ayla's father now works in London and the settlement includes £
Spotlight: A Woman Alone With The IRA won the UK-wide Scoop Of The Year award at the Royal Television Society Awards in London.
Thailand's former prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been charged with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme that cost the government billions of dollars.The military seized power in May 2014 in what it said was a bid to restore public order after months of occasionally violent street protests against Ms Yingluck's government.But Thailand has been embroiled in a cycle of political instability since the military ousted her brother, billionaire Thaksin, as prime minister in 2006.Ms Yingluck was not at Bangkok's Supreme Court to hear the indictment.
Guildford Cathedral is the last Church of England cathedral to be consecrated on a new site.
The hidden software was also injecting adverts on to browsers using techniques more akin to malware, they added.Security expert from Surrey University Prof Alan Woodward said: "It is annoying. It pops up adverts that you never asked for. It is like Google on steroids."This bit of software is particularly naughty. People have shown that it can basically intercept everything and it could be really misused."According to security experts, it appears that Lenovo had given Superfish permission to issue its own certificates, allowing it to collect data over secure web connections, known in malware parlance as a man-in-the-middle attack
This bill was fast-tracked through the Commons, with all stages on one day - 24 February.It sailed through its Commons stages and its second reading in the Lords.It was due to have its remaining Commons stages - report stage and third reading - on 4 March. It is awaiting its Commons report stage at a date to be confirmed.It is likely that the third reading will also be taken on the same day.This is a private members' bill, which would put into legislation a target of spending at least 0.7% of national income on aid.This bill began in the the Lords and has passed
Four men and a woman have been charged with supplying cocaine for "personal use or to on-supply cocaine to friends and colleagues".
The UN Security Council is expected to vote on whether to publish five lists of names of alleged war criminals in Syria in March.
You don't become a better athlete if you have one bad race."
The victim was queuing for food at the branch in St George's Street, Canterbury at about 02:15 GMT on Friday when the assault occurred
The Liberal Democrat chief secretary to the treasury aims to introduce a new offence for firms that fail to act to prevent economic crime.
"It was an artist's duty to reflect the times we live. Selma may be 50 years ago, but it is now, because the struggle for justice is right now," they insisted, and the music that normally strikes up to urge the winners off the stage stayed silent.Indeed it was a night for politics. Best Actress Patricia Arquette called for equality for women; Best Adapted Screenplay winner Graham Moore urged young people confused about their sexuality to "stay weird"; Best Director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu spoke about the Mexicans "who came before and built this incredible immigrant nation".It's worth noting
Brainflight is said to be able to teach the brain how to think about moving a small circle on a computer screen, which in turn steers the drone left or right.
A study of 15,687 adults has been analysed at Heriot-Watt University.The study, published in the International Journal of Cardiology and based on research in 2012, found:Chronic illnesses affect an estimated 800,000 people in Wales and are a growing problem for the NHS as the population gets older.
Paul Gascoigne appeared on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show, everyone listened, including Russell.For all of Gazza's amazing moments on the pitch, he's also known for.
Featherstone Rovers players Jonny Pick and Luke Bateman have been banned for two years after testing positive for anabolic steroids. Featherstone forward Pick was a member of the Rovers team that lost 36-12 against Leigh Centurions in the 2014 Championship Grand Final.
Abortion on the grounds of sex selective abortion in England, Wales and Northern Ireland is now illegal in the UK, the House of Commons has been told.The government said it had been consistently clear that the law was "already illegal".The amendment would not have changed the law, but sought to update 1967 legislation that was drafted before it was possible to identify the sex of a foetus.But it was defeated by 292 to 201.
A Star Wars superfan has made £15,000 selling a single Boba Fett figure, and now he's selling another 15 rare items.
Some of the main points from Greece's list of reforms. The IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde isn't impressed on this point. The letter only calls for an emphasis on maximising public revenue - which is after all one of the reasons there is a privatisation programme in the first place. The lenders are also likely to welcome the commitment to review every area of government spending and to identify cost savings. It's an area where it's easy to see a shared view between the two sides. The idea of getting the well-off to contribute to the financing of public policies is right in line with Syriza's wider agenda
2022 World Cup: Football World Cup to be moved in November and December. The 2022 Fifa World Cup could be moved from Qatar to the winter to avoid disruption to the Christmas and New Year period, the governing body has said. The World Cup will be held in Qatar from June 2022 to June 2022, but a final on 23 December would be too close to Christmas and Britain's traditional festive matches.
NHS Dumfries and Galloway has apologised for being "unable to demonstrate best standards of care".A report has been released by the Scottish government's quality of care inspectorate into the Stranraer Hospital. A report has come out of an inspection of the hospital's wards.
Jonny Evans joins Bath from Dragons. Bath have announced the signing of Wales Under-20 international Jonny Jones from Dragons, making him the youngest player to ever represent the region.
Reeva Steenkamp was shot dead by Oscar Pistorius in February 2013. Pistorius was acquitted by Judge Masipa of both premeditated murder and the lesser murder charge of dolus eventualis, also known as common-law murder.
Mr Barnes, whose collarbone was broken when he was knocked to the ground, told Look North's Peter Harris
Australia's shadow attorney general says she has been asked to resign and offered a new role as president of the Human Rights Commission (HRC).
The computer program, which is inspired by the human brain, learned how to play 49 classic Atari games.In 29 of them, it was comparable to or better than a human games tester. For Video Pinball, Boxing and Breakout, its performance far exceeded the professional's, but it struggled with Pac-Man, Private Eye and Montezuma's Revenge.In some sense, these machines need intelligence that is adaptable and they have to be able to learn for themselves."Some fear that creating computers that can outwit humans could be dangerous.In December, Prof Stephen Hawking said that the development of full artificial intelligence
Science Central, built on the site of the former Scottish and Newcastle Brewery, has been hailed as one of the UK's biggest regeneration projects.
Air Ambulance charities to receive £5m in Libor fines. Air ambulance charities serving Cornwall, Devon, Dorset and Somerset, East Anglia, Essex and Herts, Hampshire and Isle of Wight, Kent Surrey and Sussex, Lincolnshire and Nottinghamshire, London, Midlands, Thames Valley and Chiltern, Wiltshire and Yorkshire are to receive money.
Shop owner Pat O'Reilly told BBC Radio Foyle: "We have put so much money in to this place.
Ghana's health ministry says it has enough nurses and it is no longer useful to keep them under bond.It began a scheme funding the education of nurses who then had to agree to work for the next five years in Ghana.But now it has stopped taking new entrants last year, it takes four years to qualify as a nurse and those already in the scheme will have to finish their five-year service.
A judge at Liverpool County Court has ruled that airlines must pay compensation for delayed flights, but a number of airlines have yet to pay out.
E3 Harelbeke, which is part of the UCI World Tour and is regarded as a preparation for the Spring Classics which include the Tour of Flanders..
A video released by the Islamic State (IS) militant group shows what appears to be a museum in the Iraqi city of Mosul being destroyed.The video shows a black-clad man drilling through and pulling apart a stone winged-bull Assyrian protective deity that dates back to the 9th Century BC.Statues are also shown being destroyed at an archaeological site known as the Nergal Gate.World heritage body Unesco has called for an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council to discuss how to protect Iraq's cultural heritage.
CardiffCity owe around £174m - most of it to owner Vincent Tan.The club's annual report says support from Malaysian investors "will continue" as long as "the business develops as planned".The financial figures showed that the club's broadcasting and commercial income rose from from £8m to more than £70m.Wages and salaries went up from just over £27m to £46m.During their time in the Premier League Cardiff sacked Malky Mackay and replaced him with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.The accounts show the club received loans of around £130m - mainly from Tan, but also including
The dress, studded with 6,000 natural white pearls, was taken from the London Hotel in West Hollywood while Nyong'o was out of the room.
Eddie Redmayne has been working on his role in a new film based on the life of Einar Elbe, a transgender woman who was born in the 1880s in Denmark.He's been working with Alexandra Reynolds, a movement coach who also helped him with his portrayal of Stephen Hawking in The Theory of Everything.
A 65-year-old man was attacked at 18:15 GMT in Owen Street, Kates Hill, Dudley
Farmers, conservationists and the RSPB have worked together to preserve the breeding habitat in fields
Bombardier Belfast has unveiled its new CS300 jet.The aeroplane is a larger version of its new CSeries aircraft.The Montreal-based plane and train maker is under pressure to bring the CSeries into service after years of cost overruns.The smaller CS100 started testing in 2013.About 5,000 permanent employees and about 1,000 temporary and contract staff work at its Belfast base.The aerospace company is one of Northern Ireland's biggest employers.
GMTChelsea fan Richard Barklie, from Carrickfergus, was one of the people identified on CCTV footage by the Metropolitan Police.
Hong Kong's 50km (31 mile) ultramarathon saw competitors cover the same stretch of road 25 times.
It's the fifth coin portrait to have been created during the Queen's reign
Ab Abid Naseer, 28, was convicted of providing and conspiring to provide material support to al-Qaeda in the United States.He said: "It would have potentially been bigger than the 7/7 attack in London. It would have sent shockwaves around the world."And it would have shown that not capital cities are something the police investigation into his activities, but I would say don't be fooled. Beneath that cool, relaxed exterior is a cold, calculated terrorist."
The inquiry into the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Trust found 20 major failures from 2004 to 2013 at Furness General Hospital.It called the avoidable incidents "serious and shocking".And it criticised the wider NHS for the way it had monitored and regulated events at the hospital.
The 22 humans who live on Aoshima, off Ehime prefecture, are greatly outnumbered by a population of over 120 cats.
Karrueche has tweeted that she has broken up with Chris Brown.
Newcastle's Jonny Evans and Manchester United's Adama Cisse have been sent off for spitting at each other.
Andreas Von Knorre and Elton Hinz pleaded guilty to entering a train depot and spraying graffiti on a train.
Wolverhampton City Council said in 2014 the authority faced the prospect of "becoming insolvent", unless it made "very deep and very fast cuts".
Parliament's Intelligence and Security Committee said recruiters should try websites like Mumsnet to help increase the proportion of female spiesIt wants more of them working in places like MI5, MI6 and communications spy centre GCHQThe report says women in the intelligence services are being held back by a layer of male, middle managers labelled "the permafrost" who have a "very traditional male mentality and outlook".Mumsnet chief executive Justine Roberts responded to the call for recruiters to use things like her website but we're thinking she wasn't being entirely serious.
Paul Good, 53, and Darryl Shellard, 45, both from Liverpool were convicted of fraud and jailed for eight and seven years each
The Â£42m MV Loch Seaforth made its first passenger sailing last month but is still in a "test period" and not fully in service.
Derek Llambias and Barry Leach off Rangers board. Rangers International Football Club's board has been replaced by a new management team after a shareholder vote voted against the club's owners.Rangers' new board will appoint a new chief executive and finance director after a shareholders' meeting voted to remove two directors from the board.David Somers, who was chairman, and James Easdale had already resigned before the EGM.The new board has already appointed shareholder Douglas Park as a director.Rangers will have to appoint a chief executive within 30 days or the company will be de-listed from the Stock Exchange.A new nom
Researchers at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the University of Oxford have found that a low-fat diet is more effective at reducing body fat than a high-carb diet.The results, presented at the annual meeting of the Endocrine Society, showed 67% more fat was lost on the low fat diet than the low-carb one.The researchers said most dieters ended up cutting out a mixture of protein, carbohydrate and fat from their meals so the scientists set out to explore the relative contribution of each food type.It required experiments that could not be repeated outside a laboratory environment, in which the content
Char Charli XCX, Ella Eyre and Lianne La Havas will appear alongside The Chemical Brothers and Underworld.
John Isner: Andy Murray beats John Ward in Glasgow. Andy Murray wins his first match in Scotland for four years after beating John Ward to take a 2-1 lead in the opening singles tie between the United States and the United Kingdom at the Commonwealth Games.Andy Murray and John Ward battle it out for a place in the quarter-finals of the World Group of the ATP World Tour Finals in Glasgow.Media playback is not supported on this device Andy Murray defeats Donald Young in Glasgow Andy Murray celebrates after defeating Donald Young Andy Murray, the world number 111, recovers from two sets down to win 6-7 (5-
An investigation is being into Emstrey Crematorium's failure to return babies' ashes to bereaved parents.
Becky was last seen on 19 February and was reported missing the following dayBecky's stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, 28, appeared in court earlier charged with her murderKarl and Donovan Demetrius, and Ms Parsons, all of Barton Court, Bristol, and Mr Ireland, from Avonmouth, will appear at the city's crown court on 26 MarchThey all face a single charge of disposing or concealing Becky's body parts with the intent "to impede the apprehension or prosecution of Nathan Matthews".A fifth person - a 23-year-old man also arrested on 2 March - was released without charge.
Caesarean section rates in the UK and other EU countries have shown "a continuous rise", although in a few countries there are signs they are flattening out, according to a new study.The study of 26 European countries, published in the journal BJOG, said more research was needed.
Northern Ireland's agri-food industry to form new marketing body. The Northern Ireland government has announced the establishment of a new industry-led marketing body for the sector.
A masked gunman opened fire at La Terrasse bar, killing a French national, witnesses said.A Belgian security official working for the EU and three Malians also died in the attack.It is not clear who carried out the attack, but al-Qaeda-linked Islamist militants have been fighting the army in northern Mali for a number of years.France, the former colonial power in Mali, intervened two years ago to stop their advance south on Bamako.France has troops based in the Sahel region of northern Africa in an effort to stop the emergence of jihadist groups.This follows their intervention in Mali in January 2013, after
"Have you ever seen a blue sky?"
The caravans arrived at the King George V playing fields car park in Topsham Road, Exeter
Sue Townsend's "Adrian Mole" is a musical written by Sue Townsend.It is being performed at Curve theatre in Leicester, the city where Townsend lived.
Dal Babu, a chief superintendent until 2013, said many Muslims did not trust the "Prevent" strategy and many saw it as a form of spying.He said the Prevent programme was never going to work as there was an atmosphere of fear and intimidation.He added: "I never felt comfortable at all, despite what they said. I felt if I asked him something I would go to prison."The Home Office says there are now Prevent programmes in place in all key sectors, including local government, health, education, prisons, immigration and charities.But Mr Babu said cases like those of the three London school
The Coventry Festival of Motoring, which attracted 40,000 visitors in 2014, has had funding withdrawn by the city council.
Michael van Gerwen wins the Professional Darts Corporation World Championship final.
The MSC Oscar is the largest container ship to dock in the Port of Felixstowe since the launch of the London Gateway last year.The ship, which docked in the port on Monday morning, will leave on Tuesday before heading to Rotterdam in The Netherlands and then to China via Algeciras in Spain and the Suez Canal.
F1 2015 guide to the opening race of the season. F1 fans have 20 races to look forward to this season, starting in Australia and ending in Abu Dhabi.
Six Nations 2015: Johnny Sexton, Jared Payne and Sean O'Brien fit for Ireland against Wales. Ireland captain Paul O'Connell is set to play his 100th Test match for the Six Nations champions.
The Apple Watch is a smartwatch. It's not a phone.It's a watch.The Apple Watch has the feel of Steve Jobs' Lisa [computer]. It's ill conceived, ill considered & likely to go the way of Google Glass.User jdflan on Reddit: "It's not uncommon for watches to be priced from $350 to $10,000. But the Apple Watch allows you to take calls on your wrist!
Dutch justice minister Willem Opstelten and justice minister Jan Teeven have both resigned from the Liberal party, saying they were misled about a payment made to a convicted drug trafficker for money wrongly confiscated by the state.The justice minister had said the trafficker was paid less than he actually was. Dutch Justice Minister Willem opstelen has resigned from his position, saying he was misled about the payment made by the Dutch government.Justice Minister Jan Opsteltten and Justice Minister Joost Teeven both resigned on Monday, saying the misinformation had made their positions untenable.The payment was made after the
"It's just the beginning of what I hope will be a lot of wonderful movies.
EastEnders' Ant and Dec named TV personalities of the year. Ant And Dec and Ant McPartlin have been named television personalities of television for the third year running at the Tric Awards.
Lady Mary Soames, who died last year at 91, was the the last survivor of Sir Winston's five children
A planning inquiry has heard conflicting accounts from experts over plans to build a circuit circuit on common land in Gwent.
Traffic restrictions and speed cameras will be introduced where work is taking place.The upgrade work will see the six-mile "missing link" completed.
The Women in Democracy Caucus wants more women to apply for and take up public roles and appointments.
Thomas Ridgewell vlogger TomSka says he is "incredibly, painfully honest" in his videos.He says, unlike other vloggers, he finds it harder to make money through brand endorsements."As YouTube has grown, managers and people have learned to apply the Disney kid method," he says."They become these deities, these beings of perfection in the eyes of their audience. And that is worth a lot more money."I would rather put an honest version of myself forward. No-one wants to buy a shirt with me on it."
A boy was excluded from the school following the incident, in which no-one was injured.
A man has been critically injured after a green Ford Focus was struck by a car on the New Lodge Road in north London.The man's condition was initially described as serious, but police have said he is now critical but stable in the Royal Victoria Hospital.
Gatwick has "guaranteed" the project would be privately funded with no need for public subsidy, that airport charges would be capped and it would bear the main risks of the expansion plan.It has also promised to compensate residents by Â£1,000 towards council tax bills if they are affected by significant level of aircraft noise, and said it would ensure that air quality targets always were always met.
Chris Ramsey: QPR boss'very disappointed' with Tottenham defeat. QPR manager Chris Ramsey says he is "very disappointed" with Tottenham's 2-1 defeat at Loftus Road.
Santander and Deutsche Bank have been found to have "deficiencies in its capital planning process".
The film, directed by British film-maker Saul Dibb and starring Michelle Williams and Kristin Scott Thomas, is, according to Williams, "entirely dedicated and a tribute to Irene Nemirovsky and her descendants," a Jewish author from the Ukraine who settled in Paris.Despite her conversion to Roman Catholicism, she was arrested by the Nazis and died, aged 39, at Auschwitz concentration camp in 1942.
Cheltenham Gold Cup: Alan King-trained seven-year-old leads all the way for jockey Stephen McCoy. Stephen McCoy wins the Champion Chase on the final day of day three of his career with a spectacular victory over Ma Filleule.
Blackpool's South and Central Piers and the Grade II listed Llandudno Pier are on the market.
The winner of the inaugural Global Teacher Prize, who received her award at the Global Education and Skills Forum in Dubai on Sunday, was recognised for her work in teaching reading and writing.Nancie Atwell, from Maine, was one of three US entries in the final top 10, which included Stephen Ritz, a teacher in the South Bronx in New York, who has developed a project growing food in the inner city, so that pupils can eat healthily as well as learning.Another finalist was Phalla Neang from Cambodia, who works with blind students in that country since the 1990s. She helped to
Frozen 2 will reunite the team behind the original feature, including director Chris Buck, writer Jennifer Lee and producer Peter Del Vecho.
The Alabama Securities Commission led the investigation, which helps prevent financial fraud against the elderly.After an agent interviewed Lee, the commission's head said he was satisfied she wanted a second book published.The new work - Go Set a Watchman - will be the 88-year-old American author's first release since the 1960s.The surprise move prompted some suggestions Lee was manipulated into publishing the decades-old manuscript, which was discovered by her lawyer in the author's possessions last year.
Israel's election campaign: The Israeli public cares about the cost of living and housing and the street doesn't feel the urgency of a deal with the Palestinians or a regional approach, says Naftali Bennett, leader of the nationalist right-wing party Habayit Hayehudi.
Each of Wales' 37,600 teachers will be given a learning passport by September to record professional development.
Dev Patel and Jack O'Connell are the latest stars to find success in Hollywood films after starring in Skins. The cast of Channel 4's Skins were warned that they wouldn't be able to shake off their sulky, angry, teen characters.But when you look at their careers, they couldn't have been more wrong.Kaya Scodelario was one of the longest-serving members of the cast, appearing in series one to four as Effy Stonem.
Highland Developments Ltd, part of the Tulloch Homes Group, had sought approval for the scheme.
The States of Guernsey has been criticised for spending more than £1.1million on advertising and promotion over the last three years.Some residents said this was a "waste of money" and the States would need to "measure its effectiveness".Deputy Heidi Soulsby said when it comes to advertising "we've got to think in a modern way - this is the digital age".She said the States hoped to produce a set of accounts that were "more meaningful and transparent".The figures, from an access to public information request, showed in-house staff costs came to just over.
Kon Konstandinos Erik Scurfield, 25, died near the Syrian city of Qamishli on 2 March.
Ivana Hoffmann, 19, was the first Western female fighter known to have been killed fighting Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Media playback is unsupported on your device15 March 2015
Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza's wife was shot on Sunday in the capital, Nairobi, police said.The gunman fled after opening fire on Annonciate Haberisoni as she was waiting for her hair to be done, witnesses said.Mr Rwasa said at a press conference that his wife was being treated for head injuries at a local hospital, and her condition was not critical.He would not be intimidated by Sunday's shooting, he added.
Britain does not have a national bird, but ornithologist David Lindo believes that should change.
He has numerous distinctive tattoos including a black panther on his left arm and boxing gloves on his abdomen. He has a two-inch scar on his right palm.Bangladeshi Alam arrived in the UK on a temporary visa in October 2007 and moved to Cheltenham the following year, where he sexually abused his victim, the NCA said.His last known address was in the E3 area of London.
A third of children in Wales were said to have good oral health overall, which compares to 39% in England.But around 70% of them reported problems with their teeth.Severe dental problems were worse among children from poorer backgrounds.
Manchester United winger Ashley Young says he hopes to get back into the England squad for the Euro 2012 qualifiers against Lithuania and Italy.Young won the last of his 30 caps against Ukraine in September 2013.But his form under Van Gaal has led to suggestions England coach Roy Hodgson might end that exile when he names his squad on 19 March for the games against Lithuania, Italy and Italy."The manager has been fantastic. He gives you the confidence to play and confidence helps massively.
Emma Watson will play Mrs Potts, the housekeeper magically transformed into a teapot.
The planned opening of the primary and secondary schools, in the Castel, has already been delayed by a year.
The Care Quality Commission said it was rare for an inspection not to point out areas for improvement.The report on Trevern said "people did not always have access to meaningful activities" and action was needed regarding the "safety and suitability of premises".
London's first banya in London is called Banya No.1, and it is run by three London-based Russian ex-pats.The banya, which takes place in a sauna room set at a temperature of 70C, is said to boost circulation and prevent premature ageing of the skin.Customers - both male and female - who don't want to strip naked can instead wear their swimming costume, or a strategically placed towel.And after the treatment has finished you are supposed to immediately jump into a plunge pool of cold water.You might think that such an unusual massage would struggle to be successfully
Pakistan's Christian community in Lahore is under siege after attacks on two churches left 17 people dead and more than 70 wounded.The attacks during Sunday mass have been condemned by representatives of all religions in Pakistan.
It's not to recognise human nature. It's something unreachable. The war itself is at a draw. And I believe that draw will be maintained indefinitely unless there's a dramatic change in our approach.
He was named as one of Wisden's cricketers of the year in 1952.
West Indies offer for Ireland coach Brian Simmons. Cricket Ireland's Brian Simmons is believed to have been offered the West Indies job.
Anthony Scouler, 55, used seven bank accounts to hide profits of more than £100,000, Exeter Crown Court heard.
Maternity and gynaecology services at Glan Clwyd Hospital, Bodelwyddan, are to be downgraded from consultant-led obstetric to general services from 6 April.
Tunisian Prime Minister Habib Essid says 19 people have been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the capital Tunis.At least 19 people were killed when two gunmen opened fire on tourists as they were getting off the buses before fleeing into the museum, the prime minister said.At the time of the attack, deputies in the neighbouring parliamentary building were discussing anti-terrorism legislation.The attack is a huge blow for Tunisia's tourism industry and its government, which only emerged at the end of a long political transition several months ago, the BBC's Arab affairs editor Sebastian Usher says.Islamist militants have tried to derail
Vanuatu cyclone leaves thousands homeless. A powerful cyclone has left thousands of people homeless in the Pacific islands of Vanuatua. A cyclone that swept across the Pacific island nation has left hundreds of thousands homeless, with aid workers reporting 80% of homes or buildings destroyed.
Cricket and Nigeria may seem an incongruous pairing, but in Lagos many a weekend players in their colourful kit take to the crease on a dusty pitch in a fiercely competitive cricket league.
Janet Muller, 21, from Eastbourne, was found by fire crews in a Volkswagen Jetta in Ifield, West Sussex, on Friday.
George Osborne has delivered his Budget speech for the 2015 general election. The chancellor was on his feet for over an hour, but the South East region was conspicuous by its absence in his budget speech. George Osborne's speech was peppered with place names - from funding to help boost the oil industry in Aberdeen to a £1 billion world-first scheme to provide green energy from the tides of the Severn estuary and £60 million of funding for energy research in the Midlands.But, other than that, there was very little to bring cheer.Some areas did see announcements that are aimed at stimulating growth - the chancellor announced
Adam Adam Wilson, 21, was found with serious injuries at a property on Albrighton Crescent in Lostock Hall near Preston in September.Taylor was found guilty after a trial by jury.Mr Wilson died as a result of catastrophic bleeding from a stab wound in his thigh, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said.Sophie Lorimer from the CPS North West said the "brutal attack" in front of his ex-partner was "purely motivated by jealousy".Taylor carried out the "frenzied" knife attack "fully aware" there were two young children also present at the house,
It shouldn't be surprising that the Fed will contemplate raising rates as it has been a long recovery. But more than that, it's also ensuring that the economy is on a solid enough footing to normalise interest rates.With growth and inflation both downgraded, but unemployment moving in the right direction, judging what "premature" means is no easy task. And communicating it to investors will also be crucial.The Fed is expected to raise its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to a range of 0.5% to 0.75%. But with growth still below the Fed's 2% target through 2016 when it may hover between
A shallow grave containing 55 bodies of dead greyhounds has been found in Queensland, Australia's RSPCA has said.The bodies were found in a shallow grave in the Queensland state town of Bundaberg, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) has reported. The bodies were discovered in the shallow grave of a greyhound near a track in the state's south-east, some time ago.The body of the greyhound, which was found by a member of the public, has been identified as that of a male greyhound aged between two and four years old. The body of a female greyhound was found
Murray to marry girlfriend Kim Sears in April. Andy Murray says he is not nervous about getting married because he has been married for nine-and-a-half years and has lived together for six or seven years as well.Murray is as relaxed about that as he was this week at the ATP event in Indian Wells, where he has progressed to the quarter-finals.
Bihar secondary school exams: Parents and friends try to help their children cheat. Bihar students have been photographed scaling the walls of test centres to pass on answers to students during the current secondary school examinations.
Police Scotland has defended its policy of arming some officers for routine duties following a backlash last year.But he accepted police intelligence could sometimes get it wrong.
StevenSteven Rodriguez, who was better known as A$AP Yams or Yamborghini, died aged 26 on 18 January at Brooklyn's Woodhull Medical Centre.
Brusthom Ziamani, 19, from Camberwell, south London, was found guilty last month of preparing an act of terrorism.The court heard he was inspired by the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby and used the internet to research cadet bases.He converted to Islam in 2014 and became radicalised.Ziamani was arrested in east London in a possession of a 12in knife and a hammer.Police say he visited his former girlfriend earlier that day, when he showed her his weapons and told her he intended to attack and kill soldiers.The trial heard he told her Michael Adebol
Newcastle's Jonas Gutierrez: 'I feel born again and like I'm enjoying things for the first time'. Newcastle midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he feels "born again" and is "more alive than I have been in my whole entire life" after being diagnosed with cancer last year. Newcastle striker Jonas Gutierrez has revealed he has been diagnosed with testicular cancer and is determined to prove he can still be a Premier League player. Newcastle defender Jonas Gutierrez reveals he has had cancer and wants to prove to the world that he is still able to play for the Magpies. Newcastle winger Jonas Gutierrez tells Football Focus: "I feel
Cardiff City Council has drawn up plans for Wales' first commercial seaplane service.A feasibility study will look at options for a five-mile network linking the city centre and Penarth.
Salford stabbing victim 'lucky to by alive'. A man has been admitted to hospital with stab wounds to his neck, shoulder and chest, police say.
British man dies after turning a pistol on himself.
Chapel Bay Fort and Museum at Angle will open on 3 April after years of restoration work.
Great North Run: Mo Farah beats Micah Kogo to break world record in Lisbon. Mo Faralf wins the Great North Half Marathon in 59 minutes, 32 seconds to break the world record of 58:23 set 14 years ago by Spain's Fabian Roncero.
Ken Plowman and Leslie Kershaw were in their 20s in 1945, when they took part in the largest air assault in history.
The huts, and the luxury items inside, belong to Dairo Antonio Usuga David, better known as Otoniel, one of the most wanted men in Colombia.Otoniel runs the Usuga clan, a drug gang that has its powerbase in the Uraba region of Colombia, but whose network extends across the country and beyond.The US Department of State describes it as a "heavily armed, extremely violent criminal organisation".It is offering up to $5m (Â£3.4m) for information leading to his arrest.The gang is first and foremost engaged in drug trafficking,
Family Guy has been a major part of the BBC Three schedule since 2006
The pipe in Chester Green burst at about 04:30 GMT on Sunday, sending water gushing along Mansfield Road
House of Commons Speaker John Bercow has announced the appointment of David Natzler as the new Clerk of the Commons.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya have been freed, officials say.They were seized on 6 March from the al-Ghani oil field along with seven other foreigners. Two Bangladeshis who were abducted in Libya are now safe in hospital in the city of Sirte.
Cinderella is a live-action version of Disney's classic 1950 animation that has taken $70m (Â£43.1m) on its opening weekend in the United States.This adaptation is completely faithful to the traditional story - including wicked stepmother, fairy godmother, glass slipper, handsome prince and happy ending.British actress Lily James, best known as Lady Rose from ITV's Downton Abbey, stars as Cinderella.
South Cave Parish Council has objected to the proposal, saying it would cause "landscape harm" in the picturesque village.
In May, the programme will move from Sunday to Friday evenings.
Messenger for Business is an ambitious plan. It is asking users to supplant more tried-and-tested means like email.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the murder of Elaine O'Hara.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has been appointed as the club's new manager.Simeone, 44, has led Atletico to a host of trophies since becoming coach in 2011, including last season's La Liga title and the 2012 Europa League crown.They were runners-up to Real Madrid in the 2014 Champions League final, who they face in this season's last eight."I am here because I'm convinced the club will continue to grow," he said.
Infertility Network UK said it was a "no-brainer" there should now be three cycles as waiting times have fallen.
The Glen Ullinish Wind Farm could generate enough power for 23,000 properties.
Greece's former finance minister, Panagiotis Papaconstantinou, has been found guilty of doctoring a document. He received a one-year suspended prison sentence, escaping a longer term.
US President Barack Obama has said that his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is not a major factor in the dispute between the two countries over the status of a Palestinian state.Mr Obama also took to time to say that Mr Netanyahu's attempts to qualify his pre-election statements were not effective in advancing a two-state solution."I think it's hard to envision how that happens based on the prime minister's statements," he said.
The 65 people in court in the town of Letpadan have been charged on charges including insulting civil servants and refusing to disperse. They face possible jail terms of up to six years.
Seagulls are nesting on the roof of Prestatyn Community Hospital.
Celtic skipper Scott Brown has led Gordon Strachan's national team recently but fit-again Fletcher is back playing at West Bromwich Albion
Chevrolet has developed a mode called Teen Driver, which can keep young drivers safe on the road.
Scarthin Books, in Cromford, Derbyshire, was dubbed one of the best in the world by The Guardian, in 2008.
Tens of thousands of residents could be affected by the problem.
BBC archives will be shown in revamped TV studios, now derelict, where the broadcaster first launched a regular television service almost 80 years ago.Plans include renovating the hidden theatre, dating back to 1875, to use for plays, films, comedy and music.
Community Health Councils want higher profile as watchdogs. Community health watchdogs across Wales want higher profiles as bodies which can raise concerns about the NHS when things go wrong.
There were more than 2,000 family doctors in September 2014, excluding registrars, retainers and locums working in around 460 practices.
Nasdaq suffers biggest one-day fall since April 10 last year. The US stock market has suffered its biggest single-day drop in more than a year, with the Nasdaq shedding more than 118 points.
The inquest into the death of 11-year-old Francis Rowntree in 1972 is due to begin on 27 April.
Stewart Hosie will take part in a half-hour webcast in which he will answer your questions
Taylor Swift fans thought they'd seen a Taylor Swift lookalike at a concert in Nashville, Tennessee, but it's not actually her.Taylor Swift fans were shocked to find out that a 21-year-old student from Arizona in America is actually Taylor Swift. A Taylor Swift fan thought she'd seen her on stage and thought she was Taylor Swift.Taylor shared photos of Morgan (and her friend Kasey) on her Tumblr with the message "lol I thought that was me"I am just shocked and in disbelief that Taylor Swift saw those photos of me. I just find that so funny 'cause she was
Adrian Bayley found guilty of three more rapes, of a Dutch tourist, two sex workers and a sex worker in Melbourne. A man convicted of killing Jill Meagher, an ABC Radio employee, has been found guilty in three more rape cases in Melbourne, three years after he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May have worked together on Top Gear since 2003
The Care Quality Commission (CQC) made a number of recommendations including ensuring nursing staffing levels were safe at Sandwell General Hospital and City Hospital in Birmingham.
There was a certain tension in the air last night, as Mr Speaker Bercow presided at a farewell dinner for Deputy Speaker Dawn Primarolo; later today she&rsquo;ll probably be presiding over a short Commons debate that might decide whether the Speaker will need a farewell dinner of his ownâ€¦The ambush was brilliantly laid. Tory MPs were kept in Westminster for a party election briefing from their campaign supremo, Lynton Crosby.At 5.30pm on Wednesday, the Leader of the House dropped in to see the Speaker, to tell him the government was putting down a motion to change the
Energy will travel via the world's longest sub-sea electricity interconnector.The â‚¬2bn (Â£1.4bn) project has been rubber stamped between National Grid and its Norwegian equivalent Statnett.
Letters from the Department of Environment to a range of organisations that work in areas like.
The crash happened at 23:00 GMT on Wednesday at Hoyland Common
Breaking Bad will be the first UK channel to show series five of The Walking Dead.
For butcher Greg Foston has replaced the traditional hens' eggs with Cadbury's Creme Eggs.He has wrapped the Easter treats with sweet chilli pork meat which, he claims, compliments the chocolate "perfectly".It is the latest in a series of peculiar products created by Mr Foston.He said a cracked black pepper and strawberry sausage produced to mark Wimbledon was a great success."We are always discussing new flavours and combinations and wanted to come up with some way of combining chocolate eggs into one of our products," he said."We did some experimenting with a plain pork sausage meat with the Creme Egg in the middle
The BBC's decision not to renew Clarkson's contract was greeted with approval by internet users in Argentina.Many social media users were amused the BBC's announcement coincided with news of singer Zayn Malik leaving the successful British boy band One Direction. "Jeremy Clarkson could team up to form a new boy band - Top Direction," ‏@sicfallacy suggested on Twitter. "So the real drama is not One Direction, it's that the BBC has killed @BBC_TopGear #BringBackClarkson," he tweeted.
Egypt beat Equatorial Guinea 2-0 to win the Nations Cup. Egypt win the 2018 Nations Cup to win their second African title in three years.
Muhammadu Buhari and Goodluck Jonathan are the frontrunners with most eyes on them.The elections in Africa's biggest oil producer come at a politically sensitive time, with the rise of Islamist group Boko Haram in the north-east meaning security is at the centre of the campaigns for votes.Nigerians discuss their experience of the election campaign with the BBC and say whom they plan to support.I am voting APC this time, though I voted People's Democractic Party (PDP) in the last presidential election. This is because PDP has been in power for over 15 years and we haven't really progressed
German pilot Andreas Lubitz is understood to have been suffering from depression at the time of the crash of the Airbus A320, which crashed into the French Alps in the town of Toulouse, killing all 298 people on board.German authorities are now trying to find out what was in Lubitz's mind as he locked the cockpit door and instigated the plane's devastating descent.But this appears to be a case of murder-suicide, which is very different and extremely rare.In these incidents, one person wishing to end their life takes the lives of others - in this case, complete strangers - at the same
Urdu has been included in the title of an official degree at the University of Birmingham.The university has launched a full-time Urdu degree course, which will offer students the chance to learn how the language has been used in film and literature, as well as using Urdu to discuss topics related to their core subject.Urdu facts...... And it has also contributed a few words to English.
Police raided the St Nicholas Vicarage in Lincoln where his father David was the parish vicar.
Members of the public have been invited to take part in planting thousands of new trees at Brackfield Wood in the Faughan Valley.
Wandsworth inmate Neil Moore was on remand when he used an illicit mobile phone to create a fake email account.
Charles Dickens used the desk in his final home in Gad's Hill Place in Kent.
French President Francois Hollande expressed "deep sadness" at the death of Huguette Dupeu in a statementThe museum's planned reopening earlier this week was postponed over security concernsSchoolchildren and students were allowed in on Friday, with the general public to be readmitted MondayThe attack, claimed by Islamic State (IS), was the deadliest in Tunisia since the uprising which led to the overthrow of long-serving ruler Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011The Tunisian Prime Minister, Habib Essid, has admitted "shortcomings" in the country's security system
Manu Tuilagi: England boss Richard Cockerill confident Manu will return in time for World Cup. England head coach Richard Carockerill says Manu Taulagi may not play this season after suffering a knee injury in the Six Nations.
Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz has been identified as the pilot of the plane that crashed in the French Alps on Tuesday.The cockpit voice recorder suggested he crashed the plane deliberately.A transcript leaked to German media revealed the frenzied final minutes, with the pilot, locked out of the cockpit, shouting "open the damn door!"Recovery teams have so far only reached the mountainside on foot or by helicopter to continue the search for human remains as well as parts of the aircraft, including the flight data recorder which is still missing.Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin said an access road was being built to the
Four men have been arrested after reports of a gun being seen in a car in north London.
The Rollright Stones is made up of three Neolithic and Bronze Age megalithic monuments, high on the Oxfordshire - Warwickshire border.
David Cameron says he will serve a full five-year second term as prime minister. David Cameron has said he would serve the full five years of another Parliament and then leave Number 10 - leading Labour to accuse him of arrogance.
Two people have been reported missing from a sushi restaurant hit by the blast.
Japan has one of the lowest levels of entrepreneurship in the developed world, according to the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor.But the fundamental problem lies deeper in people's perspectives.In a society that appreciates a conformist attitude, not following the usual path of becoming a salaryman - a company employee - is seen as too risky or even reckless.The former boss of the once high-flying internet firm, Livedoor, Takafumi Horie challenged that view in the 1990s.Instead of graduating from elite Tokyo University and looking for a job, he dropped out and started his own firm."I couldn't care
A man has been charged with taking a girl under 13 to engage in sexual activity.
"We have done everything in our power to get it finished in good time.
One Direction have said they'll continue as a four-piece after Zayn Malik announced he was leaving the group.
Two men were airlifted to Royal Cornwall Hospital.The Panamanian registered Bochem Oslo.
A barrister for Christian-run County Antrim firm Ashers said if they lost the discrimination case there would be wide-reaching consequences for shop owners.He said it would mean a Muslim printer could not refuse to print a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad.
The PM has pledged an in/out referendum by the end of 2017, while the Lib Dems are "unambiguous" in their EU support.But a spokesman for Siemens said Labour had "over-stepped the mark" by quoting its chief executive, Juergen Maier, in the advert.
Andy Serkis won best actor for his motion-capture performance in Dawn of the Planet of the Apes.
BBC North West Online and BBC Radio Manchester will be giving you all the information you need to make an informed choice about the parties and their positions.
The statue of Cecil Rhodes has become part of a symbolic struggle at the University of Cape Town
The Bank of England has released its five-year stress test of the UK banking system, which will assess the resilience of the country's major banks against a major external shock.The test will focus on the UK's ability to cope with a global recession and the impact of a break-up of the eurozone.This year's test will have a tougher test for banks with large international businesses - HSBC, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds, Santander UK and Standard Chartered - than the UK domestic test of last year.Many believe that this will be a tougher stress test for British banks than last year
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, is charged with 30 counts related to the bombings, which killed three people and wounded more than 260 in April 2013. The brothers set off a pair of homemade pressure-cooker bombs at the race's crowded finish line.The prosecution says Mr Tsarnaev, who emigrated with his family from Chechnya, had extremist views and wanted to hit back at the US in revenge for military action in Muslim countries.
Samples drilled from beneath the Indian Ocean are being used to reconstruct past rainfall and temperature records.
Darren Darren Heath, 45, from Taynton, was sentenced to three years and nine months after pleading guilty to five counts of misconduct in public office.He was described as "manipulative and calculating" by the force, which suspended him last year following an investigation into a complaint made against him in 2012.
Southend High School for Boys head teacher Robin Bevan said he had concerns about how the values "might be interpreted by a future right-wing government."
Plaid Cymru wants the devolved Welsh government funded to the same level per head of population as the Scottish government.
The bedroom tax is going to go...more money for the NHS? That is very important."
I believe in the Golden Rule that you should 'do unto others as you would have them do unto you."If I saw a restaurant owner refuse to serve a gay couple, I wouldn't eat there anymore."As governor of Indiana, if I were presented a bill that legalised discrimination against any person or group, I would veto it."
Betty Churcher, the first and so far only female director of the National Gallery of Australia, has died aged 86. Australian art historian Betty Chulcher, 86, who was known as Betty Blockbuster as a result of the large-scale exhibitions of famous European artworks she organised during her time at the NGA.
Two men, aged 36 and 37, were arrested on Monday in the Rotherham area
The controversial new security bill is expected to be approved by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. It will allow the police to conduct stop-and-search, detain people for up to 48 hours without court orders and use firearms against demonstrators carrying petrol bombs or other "injurious weapons".Demonstrators who are masked, for example with a scarf, could face up to five years in prison.The government argues the measures are needed for security and protection from violent protests and are in line with European standards.It comes at a sensitive time for Turkish domestic politics. A general election will be held on 7 June and peace talks to end
Nigel Nigel Farage swept in and out of a blustery press call in the shadow of the white cliffs of Dover.The UKIP leader - helped along by a backdrop of party activists - unveiled a poster attacking the Conservatives' record on immigration, in response to which they said UKIP's policy was in "chaos".An initially well-behaved press pack soon descended into a gentle scrum, with Mr Farage directed towards one camera then another for a series of interviews.He announced new target immigration figures, was challenged over his views on migrants with long-term illnesses and set an ambitious timeframe to get immigration down.But, unveiling UKIP
Robin Williams' widow Susan Schneider Williams wants the contents of her home to be excluded from items left to his three children.
Network Rail said it would provide Twitter updates of engineers installing new freight lines over Easter weekend.
A man has described how he was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of men at his home in Creggan, County Antrim. A man says he feared for the safety of his children after they were attacked by a group of men in his home. He said he was dragged from his living room to the front garden where he was beat with iron bar and nails.
The BBC World Service's The Inquiry hears from four expert witnesses.Max Boykoff founded the Media Climate Change Observatory a decade ago."We monitor 50 sources around the world across 25 countries on six continents. We seek to put our fingers on the pulse of the ebbs and flows of coverage of climate change over time, month to month."It's not an exhaustive reading of all media accounts everywhere around the globe across all platforms, but rather is a way to get us talking productively."In 2004 there were relatively low levels of coverage. Around 2006, into 2007 there was an uptick. There was a high water mark in 2009
East Midlands Airport marks 50 years since it opened. The airport, which is owned by Manchester Airports Group, is the busiest cargo airport in the UK, shifting more than 300,000 tonnes a year.East Midlands Airport has celebrated its 50th anniversary with a party on Thursday and a time capsule will be created later this year.
Christopher Hannah was driving a car which mounted the pavement and struck Sophie Brannan in Sandbank Street, Maryhill, on 14 November last year.Her friend Chelsea Sommerville, and Chelsea's uncle, Joseph Lloyd, were also badly injured.Prosecutor Allan Nicol said: "This caused them to be thrown onto the bonnet, windscreen and roof of the vehicle before falling onto the ground."Another driver witnessed the crash and turned back to help Sophie.More witnesses saw Hannah speed onto nearby Maryhill Road with his badly-dented car being "driven erratically".He then crashed into a taxi whose driver decided
Colin Bloomfield Melanoma Appeal: BBC Radio Derby presenter raises £75,000. The BBC radio presenter has raised more than £50,000 to raise awareness of skin cancer and educate children about sun safety.
Palm Paper's King's Lynn mill began production in August 2009 and in January this year produced its second millionth tonne.
Jeremy Zeid, who was standing in Hendon, said President Obama should be "locked up" by the Israelis for "leaking state secrets".
A man has been remanded in custody after being charged with attempted wounding and possession of an offensive weapon with intent to commit an offence.
Portugal 0, Cape Verde Islands 2: Odair Fortes puts hosts top of group. Portugal are top of their qualifying group for Euro 2016, but Cristiano Ronaldo is rested against Cape verde Islands. Portugal 0-2 Capeverde Islands : Odair  Fortes  puts hosts ahead before Admilson Gege  doubles their lead after the break    Odair Fenton   put Cape verdes ahead after an hour   The hosts also had defender Andre Pinto sent off after half an hour. Odair (Portugal) header from the centre of the box misses to the left.
India school shooting: Gunman remanded until 12 April. An 18-year-old Indian student has been remanded in custody after she was shot dead in a hostel at a school campus in Bangalore. The shooting occurred at the private Pragati Residential School in Bangalore city.
About half of the former John Player factory in Radford, built in 1895, has now been torn down in a series of controlled demolitions.The decision on whether to erase it completely will be made by its owners and insurers.Senior firefighters have said the blaze at the Victorian landmark, which was being converted into student accommodation, was the most complex they had ever dealt with.
A school teacher has been charged with sending a message claiming an explosive had been left at a school.
A man has been found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud after staging seven collisions in Chester allowing more than 200 people to make false personal injury claims.
Sexist, racist and homophobic remarks were being used by pupils against school staff, as well as offensive comments about appearance, the NASUWT said.There were also examples of parents being abusive on social media, it added.
Cern, a European research centre, has claimed to have discovered a new force that gives a particle physicist his powers.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he will pass a law that gives employees the right to a regular contract after 12 weeks of working regular hours.The Conservatives claim the move is a threat to jobs, although Mr Miliband insisted it would "absolutely not" be.The Lib Dems would ban exclusivity clauses which prevent people looking for additional work to boost their income.During his speech at David Brown Gears in Huddersfield, Mr Miliband said: "There is no greater symbol of an economy that doesn't work than zero-hours contracts."He said Labour had supported the rises in the threshold outlined in the Budget."To anyone trying
Leicester's Benjamin Benjamin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury. Leicester Tigers scrum-half Benjamin Harrison has signed a new deal but the length of the contract has not been revealed.
The MV Arrow was brought in to carry freight while the Commodore Clipper and the Condor Express carried passengers.
Dairy farming's hard - you're doing 12-13 hours days every day. It's not a job, it's a way of life and we love it."It's a valuable part of the English countryside and it just seems to be fading away."It just seems sad that it might come to the point where we might have to give it up."
Three British teenagers were stopped from travelling into Syria from Turkey. They were held at Reyhanli, in Hatay province, near the Syrian border.
A pensioner who wants to cash in a pension of Â£18,000 will be charged an immediate tax bill of £6,592 if he cashes it in on Bank Holiday Monday. A retired chartered accountant wants to spend some of it on a new roof for the church hall in Newton Poppleford, West Midlands, but in defiance of experts, he also wants to use the money for a transatlantic cruise. A pensioners who want to cash out of their pension pot will have to pay tax on the basis that the new income is repeated every month for a year.The changes take effect
Japan's shares rose despite a central bank survey showing firms expect inflation to rise 1.4% a year from now, casting doubts on the bank's pledge to hit 2% this fiscal year.
Taiwan's Sunflower Movement has made many people feel that they, not just the government or ruling Kuomintang (KMT) party, should have a say in what kind of relationship Taiwan develops with China.It has also contributed to a major defeat for the pro-China ruling party in November local elections.But with time, Taiwanese people could grow even more adamant about the island's separate entity.With time, Taiwan's economy and people's livelihoods may become more interlinked with China, making it easier for Beijing to push for unification.That raises the question of whether time is on China's side or Taiwan's
Hares may be declining in parts of the UK, while rabbits have been hit by myxomatosis and other viral diseases.
Up to one in six missing out on their first choice of school in some areas. In London, around 99,000 pupils or 95% received a place at one of their six preferred schools this year - up 1,100 and nearly five percentage points from last year.
The Corn Exchange pub in Crickhowell to be turned into a convenience store.
Jason Alexander, 39, used a company credit card to buy almost £91,000 of iPads, phones and computers.The court heard the company's usual monthly credit card bill was in the hundreds, but when Alexander became purchasing manager the bill "increased to nearly £10,000 per month".
More than 16 million drivers are set to take to UK roads, with four million travelling on Good Friday and 4.5 million on Easter Sunday.
Raheem Sterling says he is motivated by trophies not money after rejecting a £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he will not discuss a new contract with Raheiem Sterling until the summer.
Isle of Wight ferry passengers and pedestrians will now embark and disembark separately.
Muhanad Mahmoud al-Farekh is accused of supporting a conspiracy to kill Americans and to carry out attacks against the US military.
A major emergency had been declared at the airport after the Italian C-27J aircraft lost communication.
He was told to return the milk he was holding and leave the store and he threw it at the floor in temper.
Cardiff Blues: Dan Fish; Alex Cuthbert, Gavin Evans, Tavis Knoyle, Richard Smith; Gareth Anscombe, Lloyd Williams; Gethin Jenkins, Matthew Rees (capt), Scott Andrews, Jarrad Hoeata, Lou Reed, Josh Turnbull, Sam Warburton, Josh Navidi.Replacements: Kristian Dacey, Sam Hobbs, Adam Jones, Macauley Cook, Ellis Jenkins, Lewis Jones, Simon Humberstone, Gareth Davies.
Bempton Cliffs at Flamborough Head has the UK's largest mainland seabird colony, according to the RSPB.
Labour needs a swing of 3.9% to oust the Conservative candidate in the west London constituency.
"this is nothing less than a scandal."The NASUWT teachers' union, holding its annual conference in Cardiff, will hear claims that more teachers without qualified teacher status are being used in schools.The union has asked its members about their experiences.Among the 4,600 who responded 61% said they were "working alongside unqualified staff", with 66% claiming the situation was "deteriorating" because of funding problems.Teachers responding to the union's survey included comments such as: "They lack any training in classroom management and discipline" and "I feel that parents are being misled by the quality of teaching within the
A lady was knocked over during the theft in Market Street, Limavady, which happened at about 15:00 BST on Friday
Fuel pods were left at the junction of Cumsons Road and Tullygeasy Road.
Pope Francis has condemned the attack in Kenya, where Christians were singled out and shot, as an act of "senseless brutality".
Two other children, aged 10 and seven, suffered minor injuries in the crash.
Kenyan college student says she drank body lotion because she was hungry and thirsty. A student at the University of Nairobi who was taken hostage by gunmen at a Kenyan college has said she drank a bottle of lotion to survive.She was only brought out on Saturday morning after security forces found a teacher she knew to convince her it was safe to come out.Ms Cheroitich said her ordeal began at around 05:30 (02:30 GMT) on Thursday when she and her fellow students were in class studying for their exams.Suddenly, we heard the bullets and then we started coming out and then We said:
The Lancastria was carrying between 6,000 and 9,000 people when it was sunk by German dive bombers on 17 June 1940.Only about 2,500 people survived in the largest single loss of life for British forces in the whole of World War II.Relatives and survivors have until 15 May to apply for a commemorative medal.
Two men have been taken to hospital for treatment for their injuries.
George Osborne says he has no plans to cut income tax by 5% for those earning over £150,000. The coalition government reduced the highest income tax rate from 50% to 45% in 2013.
Retailers must now ensure the products are covered up and no longer in public view unless a customer asks for themShop managers and assistants who break the law could face fines of up to Â£5,000 and six months in prisonOther outlets such as pubs and clubs also have to keep cigarettes out of sightCardiff retailer Bobby Singh called the ban "pathetic" and said he did not believe it would stop people smoking
Garissa, Kenya (AFP) - Cynthia, a 19-year-old student at Garissa's teacher training college on the edge of town, spoke with the studied politeness that I've encountered repeatedly in the past few days in this isolated town, on the hot, dry plains that stretch towards and over the seemingly notional border that separates Kenya from Somalia.The sound of her friends being butchered in the courtyard outside echoed in her ears. She had been contemplating the 50 hours she'd just spent crushed inside a tiny cupboard, hidden beneath a pile of clothes, with nothing but a bottle of body lot
The female driver, who was the only person in the vehicle, was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary
The policy statement "hold another referendum on Scottish independence within the next five years" was the most popular, with a score of 7.1 out of 10.The idea of increasing the amount spent on the armed forces was scored 6.2.Increasing the minimum wage to £7.85 per hour was scored 7.0.The policy of putting a limit on the number of people coming to live in the UK was also popular, scoring 6.3.The most popular of the policy statements in this category was that of giving Holyrood the power to increase benefits and old age pensions, scoring 7.3 out
Mark Selby is the top seed, with five-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan seeded second - the two met in last year's final.The top 16 seeds automatically qualify for the first round, with all non-seeded players starting in the first of three qualifying rounds which run from 8-15 April.
DR Congo government says all the bodies were buried in a single night and include stillborn babies and unclaimed bodies.
The Liberal Democrats have said Labour's figures were wrong, because they did not take into account the Prime Minister's Challenge Fund, which covers 1,100 practices and helps 7.5 million patients see a GP in the evenings and at weekends.The Lib Dems also pointed to a £50m GP Access Fund which they say helped 1,147 practices to extend their hours last year.Party election spokesman Lord Scriven said: "The Liberal Democrats are the only party prepared to commit to spending the £8bn extra the NHS says it needs to survive."
Scunthorpe 1-1 Port Vale: Kyle Wootton rescues a point. Kyle (Wooten) scored a late equaliser to rescue a point for Port Vale as they held on for their first win in eight games.
In a landmark move, the Federal Court told six firms to divulge names and addresses of those who downloaded The Dallas Buyers Club.
More than 100,000 people a year who would benefit from palliative care are not getting it, according to a new report.Patients are being left without sufficient pain relief and respite.The report found inequalities in access to good care, with certain groups of patients more likely to miss out.With an ageing population and demand for care increasing, the problem looked set to worsen, it warned.Those who currently miss out include:Most cancer patients, even though the diseases account for less than a third of deaths.Only a fifth of new referrals to specialist end-of-life services are for people with non-cancer
Longford Town Centre is a monument to the end of the Celtic Tiger and the Republic of Ireland's economic crash and burn.
The party said it would create a dedicated veterans' minister in order to spend 2% of GDP on defence.The party said there was "not a cigarette paper" between the defence policies of the Conservatives, Labour and the Lib Dems.
Nick Clegg says the Conservatives will have to cut 10,000 police officers, 28,000 carers and 25,000 military personnel to pay for the tax cuts promised by George Osborne.He said the poorest would "bear the heaviest burden".David Cameron has accused Mr Clegg of "running away from his record".The Lib Dems have announced that they want to raise the income tax threshold to £12,500 by 2020, which would be funded partly by using the proceeds of measures to clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion.But in an article in The Daily Telegraph Mr Cameron told the newspaper that he "doesn't think it
Pontio at Bangor University was due to open in September and is largely being paid for with public funds.The Arts Council for Wales is currently withholding the final £1m of capital funds it has promised the project and has not given any capital funding since last July.
The Duke of Kent has been taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary after suffering a stroke.
Leeds held a four-point advantage at the break after two converted tries from Jamie Peacock and one for Ash Handley, with Lama Tasi and Niall Evalds replying for Salford.
Exit checks will be carried out at the Eurotunnel terminal in Folkestone and P&O Ferries' terminal in Dover.
Most rogue extensions bombard people with ads, but the most malicious steal login names and other valuable data.The research was carried out by security experts and Google, the project analysed more than 100 million visits to the search giant's sites.
A group of doctors have signed a letter criticising the coalition government's approach to the NHS, saying it is "withering away and if things carry on as they are then in future people will be denied care they once had under the NHS and have to pay more for health services."The letter was organised by Dr Clare Gerada, a Labour member and former chair of the Royal College of General Practitioners, but she denied the party had had any input into it.Signatories include Sir George Alberti, who worked as an emergency care tsar under Labour
Infusions of so-called broadly neutralising antibodies could suppress the amount of HIV in a patient's blood.
England captain Alastair Cook scored 101 not out in the second innings of the second Test against St Kitts and Nevis in Antigua and Barbuda on Saturday.St Kitts stuttered to a draw with a second innings score of 76-7, after England had declared on 379-6 at tea.Another two-day game follows but with an agreement for England to bowl and bat for 90 overs regardless of wickets.Cook, who was dropped from the one-day squad on the eve of the World Cup, is looking to reassert himself as batsman and captain before England attempt.
Ferguson mayor James Knowles says the vote is the first since the death of Michael Brown last August. The vote in the St Louis suburb of Ferguson, Missouri, was the first in the city since Mr Brown's death in August.
An air accident investigation is continuing into the cause of the crash.
The Royal Cornwall Hospital Trust said it was overwhelmed over Easter and is struggling to discharge patients
The 16-year-old girl was raped on Saturday 20 December 2014 at an unknown address in the Bolton area.It was reported to police at about 03:00 the next morning.
The technology and administration services provider, which employs 300 people in Northern Ireland, has won a government contract worth.
The vehicles, which were travelling in the same direction, collided on Red Hill Way, Leicester
Ashya: The Untold Story is to be broadcast on BBC1 in the South region on Friday at 19:30 BST.Ashya's father Brett King was arrested in Spain last year after he was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud the NHS.He was charged with two counts of fraud and one count of breach of trust after he refused to pay for the proton therapy in Prague.The BBC's Ashya is the subject of a new documentary about the case, which will be aired on BBC One on Friday.The King family, who in March said five-year-old Ashya was now cancer
Jamal Kiyemba was freed from Guantanamo Bay in 2006 without being charged with any offence.
John and Elizabeth Knott from Bosbury, in Herefordshire, were found dead at their home in August.
A woman has been fined £3,000 after she was found guilty of allowing the consumption of liquor outside licensing hours at a pub in Dungiven, Northern Ireland.Police were called to attend a sudden death at Joe's Bar at 06:00 BST on 6 October 2014, Limavady Magistrates Court was told.Police arriving a short time later found several people still at the bar.Till receipts showed alcohol was being served as late as 04:49 BST.The judge said it was clear that the premises had not been run in a proper manner and had been running well into the morning.A defence solicitor
Lindsay Rimer's body was found in the Rochdale canal five months after she disappeared in Hebden Bridge in November 1994.Her body, which had been weighted down with a stone, was recovered about a mile upstream from the town centre.
Wheelie bin set on fire in Winchburgh. A wheelie bin has been set alight in West Lothian.
US President Barack Obama is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member Caribbean Community bloc.
Mining shares were hit by a number of broker downgrades following recent falls in commodity prices.
A man has appeared in court charged with kidnapping and false imprisonment.The charges relate to incidents in east Belfast and Comber on Saturday 4 April.A detective giving evidence in court said the woman tried to get out of the Seat Toledo car but the defendant allegedly drove off at speed, through a red light on Bloomfield Avenue.
An 18-year-old man has been charged with providing internet links to others with speeches and propaganda that encouraged acts of terrorism.
A incredible hole has been left in our family which can never be filled Louise Lucas' family
The Welsh government said Jobs Growth Wales had not been scrapped and placements would continue.Last year, the scheme's budget was cut in order for cash to go to the NHS.But the Labour-run Welsh government.
Nick Dunn, 28, from Northumberland, was one of six Britons accused of illegally possessing weapons while working on a ship providing anti-piracy protection.
Manston Airport: Transport Minister John Hayes says he is satisfied the local council will be financially protected in a proposed Compulsory Purchase Order. He has paved the way for a search and rescue helicopter service to return to the airport when it opens.
East Eastleigh candidate Patricia Culligan claimed a Liberal Democrat standing in another seat "deliberately became HIV positive yet free NHS care v costly".
Pittsburgh Steelers' Troy Polamalu says he will retire from football at the age of 33. Pittsburgh Steelers defensive player Troy Polamonalu has announced his retirement from professional football at 33.
The Chauvet drawings are believed to be the oldest cave art in the world.
10 US servicemen and one woman died after their Flying Fortress bomber crashed in the Isle of Man.
He is white, 5ft 7in tall, with white swept back hair and was last seen wearing black glasses and a red jacket
Poet Thomas was staying in Apartment 205 in the renowned hotel before his death aged 39
Dawn Purvis, director of the Marie Stopes Northern Ireland clinic, will step down on 24 April. Northern Ireland's first private clinic to offer early medical abortions to women in Northern Ireland has announced its director is stepping down.Dawn Purvis has announced her decision to step down as head of the Northern Ireland branch of the Irish women's health charity.
Sue Sim was the first woman to lead Northumbria Police.
Labour said it would use funds from a tax on expensive UK homes for 1,000 extra medical staff in the Welsh NHS.But the Conservatives said Wales was the only part of the UK where health spending had been cut.
Coastliner bus driver was seriously injured in the crash on the A64 at Flaxton, near York,
Nigeria election: Elections for 29 governors and all 36 state assemblies take place. The vote comes two weeks after Muhammadu Buhari defeated incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan to become Nigeria's first opposition candidate to win a presidential poll.
Last month it was put out of action on its second day in service after it struck the quayside at St Peter Port
Andreas Carswell sustained serious injuries in the crash and was taken to Noble's Hospital
Turkey has reacted with anger to the comment made by the Pope at a service in Rome earlier on Sunday.Armenia and many historians say up to 1.5 million Armenian Christians were killed by Ottoman forces in 1915.But Turkey has always disputed that figure and said the deaths were part of a civil conflict triggered by WW1.Turkey maintains that many of the dead were killed in clashes during World War One, and that ethnic Turks also suffered in the conflict.Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu tweeted: "The Pope's statement, which is far from the legal and historical reality, cannot be accepted."
Victims of rape and child sexual exploitation will have a new right to challenge their police decision to drop a case, the Labour Party has announced.The new policy would allow victims to ask for a case to be reviewed when police identified a suspect but did not pass a file to the CPS.
Richie Benaud died peacefully in his sleep on Thursday
The death is being treated as unexplained and a post-mortem examination will be held to establish the cause.
Man dies after he was struck by a car on the N2 at Balrath in County Meath.
South Africa's ruling Democratic Alliance (DA) party has announced that its leader Helen Zille is stepping down, saying she will step down at the end of the year.She will remain as premier of Western Cape province until 2019.Ms Zille, a former journalist and anti-apartheid campaigner, has led the party since 2007.She has been a staunch defender of liberal constitution, keeping a check on the leading ANC party's overwhelming power.
A WOMAN has been sexually assaulted by a man in the early hours of Saturday morning.The woman was taken to a layby just past the Hillend Ski Slope, near the Boghall Farm in Midlothian where she was subjected to a serious sexual assault..She was then left near the Sheriffhall roundabout on the city bypass.Police Scotland are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen the victim or the car.The suspect was described as being of South Asian appearance, aged 35-40, about 5ft 5in - 5ft 6in, of slim build.He had dark, cropped
Tunisia and Morocco will play in the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. Tunisia will enter the 2017 Nations Cup qualifying draw after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) overturned a ban on their participation.
The peloton crossed the line with the safety barrier down, but were not sanctioned for breaking race rules.
Danny Kent, Moto3, and Sam Lowes, Moto2, became the first two GB riders to win on the same day since 1977.
It is the biggest defeat for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) since military ruled ended in 1999.It lost the presidential poll last month for the first time.APC leader Muhammadu Buhari will be inaugurated on 29 May, after he defeated President Goodluck Jonathan.The PDP's decline has been reinforced by results from Saturday's elections for governors and state assemblies, reports the BBC's Bashir Saad Abdullahi from the capital, Abuja.
Masters 2013: Jordan Spieth is the youngest winner in Masters history. The final day here at Augusta is often a shoot-out. The pressure of the back nine - greens like glass, fairways steep and narrow, water, water everywhere - has broken older men with far greater experience of these beautiful and brutal yards.
China's monthly trade data showed its exports fell in March from a year ago by 14.6% in yuan terms, compared with forecasts for a rise of more than 8%.
A pair of British men accused of taking photographs near an airport in Abu Dhabi are due to appear in court.The men are expected to argue their actions were misinterpreted and are understood to be hoping to be granted bail.
"This is definitely not the Oscars," said 22 Jump Street star Jillian Bell.
The mechanic was abusing my car and my trust. I thought I had nothing to worry about.
The Green Party has launched its poster campaign in Brighton and Hove.
Saudi Arabia's air strikes in Yemen have been a success, but are they achieving the aims of the Saudi-led coalition that launched them? The Houthis, who began their takeover of Yemen by overrunning the capital Sanaa in September, have certainly taken a battering from the air strikes. But on the ground they have remained largely in control of the whole of western Yemen where the population is concentrated. Their success is due, not so much to any alleged support from Iran, but to the help they are getting from renegade former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, who has backed them with Republican Guard and other military units still
Turkey coalmine tragedy: Eight accused charged with murder. Eight of the accused, all senior managers, are accused of murder over the Soma coalmine disaster in western Turkey.
Boko Haram abductions: Malala Yousafzai criticises Nigeria's authorities and international community for not doing enough to secure girls' release. Malala Yasafzai has criticised Nigerian authorities and the international community over their handling of the abduction of 219 schoolgirls from Chibok.
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson has endorsed her party's UK manifesto.
Sam Tomkins: Wigan pay 'in excess of £200,000' for Kiwi hooker. Wigan have paid "incredibly" in excess of the reported world record fee they paid to New Zealand Warriors for Sam Thomas, who will return for the 2016 Super League season.
Ed Miliband's Budget Responsibility Lock is binding up until May 7. Ed Miliband has released his manifesto, and the second part of it, that there are no commitments in the manifesto that require additional borrowing, is binding.
Type 1 diabetes is where the pancreas does not produce any insulin and it is more common in childhood than type 2, according to the NHS Choices website
Porto 2-3 Bayern Munich. Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-2 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final to reach the semi-finals of the competition.Porto boss Julen Lopetegui and Bayern's Pep Guardiola played together at Barcelona in the 1990s.
The next generation of US rockets will feature an all-new, all-American liquid-fuelled engine that will enable ULA to end its use of Russian-made RD-180 rocket motors - something Congress has mandated. The Next Generation Launch System, a new rocket system that will replace the Atlas and Delta rockets, is expected to be substantially cheaper to build and operate than the current ones, according to ULA. The new rocket will feature a liquid methane-oxygen power unit currently being developed by Blue Origin, the space company run by Amazon entrepreneur Jeff Bezos.
A golfer at an Australian golf course has been bitten by a crocodile while looking for a ball in water on the 11th hole of the Palmer Sea Reef golf course.He was taken to hospital with a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf, but said he would not be put off playing golf.He told ABC News he would try not to hit balls into the water in future.Crocodiles are a common sight on the golf course, Australian media reported, and signs warn players of the dangers.Police Senior Sergeant James Coate told ABC that the 1.2m
South Korean President Park Guen-hye has announced that the Sewol ferry will be raised at the earliest possible date.A total of 304 people, mostly school students, were killed when the ship - which was overloaded and illegally redesigned - sank off Jindo island.Divers have recovered all but nine of the bodies.The government has faced a day of anger with relatives cancelling at least one memorial service in protest.
Northern Ireland's Queen's University has announced plans to cut student places by 1,010 over the next three years.The move is in response to an £8m cut in the subsidy received from the Department of Employment and Learning (DEL).The cut in undergraduate places will come into effect from September 2015.Job losses will be among both academic and non-academic staff and Queen's says no compulsory redundancies should be required.There are currently around 17,000 full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students at the university, and around 3,800 staff.Queen's has a current intake of around 4,500 undergraduates
The candidates were responding to a question about proposed changes to health care in Staffordshire.
I was told that my daughter was stoned to death soon after being kidnapped. I went to the school, no pupils were there. I took them on my machine to the house and took my machine [motorbike].I asked about them and was told they have taken our daughters, and they showed me the direction they went.We saw that the girls had dropped their head scarves and dropped shoes along the way.So I used that as a guide to follow where they went.
Giovanni Dixon, 17, of Norwood, stabbed James Hunter in the heart after the 18-year-old tried to protect his friend.
Boeing says the new overhead compartments will allow passengers to store more hand luggage on its side.The new design will mean a 2in (5cm) reduction in headspace for passengers, but air vent and light controls will be easier to reach.
Thomas Buckett, now 21, fell 15ft (4.5m) through a skylight at Clayton Hall Business and Language College, Staffordshire, in May 2010. He shattered one side of his skull and was in a critical condition for two weeks.
Deutsche Bank has said that markets are unsettled because both major parties have been or would be held hostage by populist nationalist parties - UKIP for the Tories, and the SNP for Labour.It said that the promise of an EU referendum by 2017 - "assuming the Conservatives can convince their governmental partners to include this in a coalition agreement" - could "have negative consequences for both investment and sterling", because there would be "two years of uncertainty over whether the UK remains in the single market".It pointed out that Britain is the "second most important destination in the world for inward investment", due to membership of the single Market. So
The French government proposed senior diplomat Laurent Stefanini for the post in January but the Vatican is yet to respond to approve the choice.
Mark Davey, 33, died from severe head and brain injuries after his Audi hit a roundabout on the A6 at Wixams, Bedfordshire, last September.
Labour's new policy on grandparents is to allow grandparents to share in the 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave, but no more than four weeks in any one year.
Labour would bring back the 50p tax on incomes above £150,000 and introduce a "mansion tax" on homes worth over £2m
They pledged to scrap tuition fees - they lied. We represent seven million students and are urging every single one across the country to vote against broken pledges.
Dark matter map-making is in a golden age. As the data continues to accumulate we will map more and more of the cosmos.Eventually as we complete our maps we hope that the mystery of dark matter will be solved.
Charlie Hebdo editor-in-chief Charles Charb has published an open letter to the "fraudsters of Islamophobia" who play into racists' hands.The book, which upholds the right to ridicule religion, was finished two days before Charb was killed by Islamic militants in January.
Sussex v Worcestershire: Matt Machan hits century from just 70 deliveries. Scotland international Scotland international Matthew Machan reaches a century from 70 deliveries and hits 18 boundaries and four sixes as Sussex are all out for 345 against Worcesterhire in the first day of the County Championship. Scotland's Scotland international Mathew Machan celebrates his century with 18 boundaries as Sussex reach 345 for 345 at the start of the second day's play in the second County Championship match between Sussex and Warwickshire.
The IMF today says that £7bn surplus is a chimera.
A former actor has admitted a plot to rape a baby and sexually assault a child under the age of 13.A court heard how members of a gang raped and abused young children, live streaming the attacks over the internet.The court heard that the alleged plan to rape the baby was to have taken place on 17 January last year in Bedfordshire.However, it did not happen because another man, Robin Hollyson, who had access to the intended victim, had been detained in hospital.But he admitted that months afterwards he had watched a video showing Hollyson raping the child.He said he was "ashamed" of
The body of pro-Russian activist Mikhail Kalashnikov has been found in his flat in the Ukrainian capital Kiev.It is not clear if he was murdered or committed suicide. Police say an investigation has been launched.
Gary Nixon, 44, fled to Scotland after advertising tickets online for the Sweden v England match in Germany
Garda Superintendents say they are under serious pressure to ensure they have sufficient officers to police the country on a 24-hour basis.
Telford Co-operative Multi-Academy Trust has not commented.
The trial of five men accused of killing former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri began in The Hague on Thursday. The five men are being tried by the tribunal in absentia.
Tommy Sheldon, from Southampton, died two weeks after being pulled from the inferno by a passer-by in Merdon Castle Lane, Hursley, Hampshire.
Durban march against xenophobia. Thousands of people are expected to march in Durban to protest against xenophobic violence in the city.At least five people have been killed.
A stringent protection programme is put in place once eggs are laid at an osprey nest.
Police Scotland said the officer had breached new force policy.
Political parties say they are going to clamp down on tax evasion. They say they will save £5bn by clamping down on avoidance and evasion, the Liberal Democrats say £6bn and Labour tops the claims at £7.5bn. But it is very difficult to work out how much has been saved in the past, and it is hard to see where the extra billions will come from in the next Parliament. On the plus side, it is unlikely that voters will say it is the wrong thing to do.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack have announced they will be returning to The X Factor.The pair previously co-hosted the spin-off show The Xtra Factor on ITV2 for two years from 2011.Murs was a contestant on the show in 2009, when he was runner-up to Joe McElderry.Since then he has gone on to sell 13 million records in five years.
The owner managed to escape the vessel and rowed himself ashore, making his way to Oban hospital
The DUP Alliance battle is box office - something underlined by the large audience which packed out the Strand Cinema in East Belfast to watch the two frontrunners go head to head.The Slugger O'Toole election debate wasn't quite the thriller some might have hoped for.The two candidates differed about issues like the extent of paramilitary racketeering or the impact a future withdrawal from the European Union might have on the local aircraft industry.The audience were then ushered out to make way for the cinema's late showing "Fast and Furious 7", a title which could be adopted for the closely fought and sometimes heated contest in East
Three British oil companies have been accused of illegally drilling in the Falkland Islands.Argentina has said it will use the full force of the law to prevent the companies from taking the riches which belong to 40 million Argentine citizens.The companies involved are Falkland Oil and Gas, Premier Oil, Rockhopper, Edison International and Noble Energy.
The group trotted through the streets after escaping from a local ranch, but were soon captured following an unlikely police chase.Bernard Luyckx, a friend of the zebras' owner, said the animals were apparently upset by the sale of some of their stable-mates.
A tyre had been put against the front door of the house and set alight
Turin Shroud: See it in detailPope Francis will be among those to view the shroud, during a visit to the northern Italian city on 21 JuneThe Shroud of Turin is on display in Turin's Cathedral of St John the Baptist for the first time since it was discovered in the 14th century.The shroud is displayed in a climate-controlled case for 12 hours a day in the cathedral, where visitors can see the image of a man imprinted on the cloth.The Shroud, which is believed to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ, is on show until 24 June.Viewings are free but must
Jose Mourinho: Chelsea boss says his side have 'almost' won the Premier League title. Jose Mourinho says his Chelsea side have "almost" won the title after their 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insists his side are not champions yet.
A boat carrying more than 300 migrants has capsized in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Italy, killing at least 28 people, the Italian PM says.The migrants reportedly fell overboard when they rushed to draw the attention of the passing merchant ship King Jacob, causing their ship to capsize.Italy's PM Matteo Renzi said it was a European tragedy and called for an extraordinary EU summit on the migrants issue.He added: "We ask not to be left alone, not so much when it comes to emergencies at sea, but to stop the trafficking of human beings."He said the trafficking was "a plague in
Liley was found in one of the boxes we have on the top floor, it wasn't an obvious place.
BBL Play-off final on 10 May: Sheffield Hatters and Nottingham Wildcats renew rivalry.
Rugby for young people at schools or clubs in England exists in different forms, both contact and non-contact.The RFU says the physical and social benefits that rugby offers to children "massively outweigh any potential drawbacks" and that myriad safety measures are already in place.These include the provision of a safe environment through investment in pitches and facilities, ensuring adequate first aid and medical facilities, and fully training coaches in methods to prevent injuries to young players.Ministers also want to see more children taking up sport.But Prof Pollock fears there are not enough safety checks and measures to support this, meaning children could get hurt.
Stephen Keshi signs new contract with Nigeria. Nigeria's coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new two-year contract with the Nigerian Super Eagles to take the team to the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers. Nigeria head into the 2017 Nations Cup qualifiers with a new coach and a new technical committee. Nigeria coach and former World Cup-winning player Stephen Koshi signs a new one-year deal with the Nigeria Super Eagles, the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF) has announced.
"I heard a loud bang which was like an explosion, I do not know where it came from or where it impacted, if it did impact."Pte Michael Peers, who managed to escape from the submerged Ridgeback, said the occupants were wearing seatbelts and opened the back hatch near the water, as was recommended.
Paula Palmer said jewellery given to her by husband Dennis on their wedding day was among the items stolen from the house in Barnett Road, Brighton
Operation Manna was the difference between "people living or dying".A mosaic was unveiled at St Peter's Cathedral in Lincoln, Lincolnshire, to mark the anniversary of the operation.The bulbs were donated by the Dutch government to the International Bomber Command Centre (IBCC).A ceremony at the cathedral to unveil the mosaic was attended by representatives from The Netherlands, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Poland, Germany and the US.Bomber Command veterans also met with some who had been helped by the campaign.David Fellows, who flew missions from RAF Binbrook in Lincolnshire as part of Operation Manna
Firstsource Solutions said new staff will be based at its Cardiff Bay site.
Scotland's Children's Commissioner said the revelation was "disturbing".It comes on the day that officers launched a new unit to help with what police acknowledge is the complex problem of child abuse and neglect across Scotland.It will provide expertise to allow local teams to robustly investigate cases, including child sexual exploitation, online offences and other types of abuse.In its response to the BBC's FOI requests, Police Scotland said: "Child exploitation covers a broad range of criminal activity and doesn't correlate to a specific offence, but rather can involve a range of differing offences...The level of data you have requested is not held on a single
Gerard and Gavin Hughes, 29, and Gavin Martin Hughes, 31, who are both from Springfield Park in Belfast, appeared in court alongside their older brother Joseph Christopher Hughes, 35, from The Meadows in Downpatrick.The trio all appeared at Belfast Crown Court.The charges arose from incidents in 2013.The court hearing was told that on 9 October, 2013, a car driven by Gavin Hughes was stopped in north Belfast, and when the vehicle was stopped a black plastic bag was located on the passenger seat. The bag contained five compact cubes of cocaine which amounted to 1.27 kilos of the Class A drug.When Gavin Hughes
Utah woman Megan Huntsman pleads guilty to six counts of murder. A Utah woman has been sentenced to 30 years and up to life in prison after six babies were found dead in cardboard boxes in the garage of her former house.
Fire crews in south Wales have dealt with 623 deliberately-set grass fires since 1 April.
Alwyn Pritchard, 53, was riding his motorbike when he was struck by an Audi driven by Paul Wilson, who then fled the scene, Cardiff Crown Court heard.Wilson, 38, of Rassau, Blaenau Gwent, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and other charges.He was jailed for four-and-a-half years and disqualified from driving.
Bollywood actor Altaf Khan has been charged with culpable homicide by a Mumbai court.If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison.The actor also said his driver was driving the car when the crash occurred.
The number of corporate insolvencies fell year-on-year by 21%, to stand at 188, in the first three months of 2015.The figure was 10% lower than the previous quarter.
"No I am not the Joan Collins Who was a rested (sic) yesterday At a Dublin protest meeting!!! For the record I'm not @JoanCollinsOBE as I'd never take an honour from a monarch nor did I wear shoulder pads in the 80s.
The firm Axiom is based in the US and employs around 1,200 people.The firm began operating in Northern Ireland in 2012 and now employs about 100 people.Invest NI is supporting the investment with a grant of £727,500.
Derbyshire v Lancashire: Alex Davies hits highest first-class score of the season. Alex Davies and Alex Jarvis hit centuries to help Derbyshire to a lead of 250, 260 over Lancashhire in the first innings of the County Championship match at Lord's.
Check out our guide to what the parties say they'll do for women here.
A man has been jailed for two years after he attacked a woman in Canterbury in 2014.Kent Police said he grabbed the woman, tried to cover her mouth with his hand, and forced her to the ground in Church Lane.Adjei fled the scene when the woman asked what he wanted.
A symposium on contemporary citizenship after Charlie Hebdo has been cancelled.
David Cameron has announced plans to double the amount of state-subsidised childcare for three and four-year-olds in England to 30 hours a week. David Cameron says he is attempting to switch the focus of the election campaign to one of his party's key announcements. The prime minister said Labour had a "brass neck" to claim they were on the side of ordinary working families.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to advance to the Champions League semi-finals. Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola says his side are one of the best teams in the world and the favourite to win the title. Pep Guardiola's Bayern Munich have beaten Porto in the semi-final of the UEFA Champions League to reach the final of the competition for the first time. Story and pictures here.Bayern boss Guardiola ripped his trousers during the game.
Derry City and Strabane District Council has lent its support to the move after a meeting with the Derry Comhaltas on Tuesday.An estimated 400,000 people attended the event in 2013 when it was brought to Northern Ireland.
Amnesty International supporters are zipped into some of the bags in the first few rows, alongside a banner saying #DontLetThemDrown
Varun Chopra scores 119 not out as Warwickshire draw with Hampshire. India's Virat Chopra celebrates his 17th first class century as he guides Warwickenshire to a draw against Hampshire in the County Championship. India skipper Varun (119 not out) celebrates his first century of the season as he leads his side to a three-wicket draw over Hampshire in their County Championship match. India captain Varun "Chopra's caution increased after a middle-order collapse of three wickets for 25 runs.
The number of women taking holy vows has trebled in the past five years, from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year - the highest number since 1990. Fourteen of the women who entered convents in 2014 were aged 30 or under.
The Hippodrome will also contain a cafe selling local whole foods.
Channel 4 to switch off on election day. Channel 4 will switch off its election night coverage on Friday 8 May to allow voters to go and vote.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has announced a new Carer's Package for those looking after others for 35 hours a week or more.
Four people have been killed in New South Wales as a result of severe weather, police say. The storm has left some areas devastated, with roads flooded, homes swept away and power poles snapped.
Sir Paul McCartney and Nancy Shevell are the richest people in the UK and the 250 wealthiest in Ireland, according to a new list published by the Sunday Times. Sir Paul is worth an estimated £20m more than last year and enjoys a significant boost from his American heiress wife's stake in her family's US trucking business.
The coins, which are known as Scottish groats, were discovered by keen metal detector Tom Crawford last JanuaryThey were buried about eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near BanbridgeExperts believe they are part of a larger hoard of coins found by Mr Crawford in the same field in 2001The collection was probably dispersed over time through ploughingHe said his success was about "knowing where to go" and "having a fair idea of where to look"There is more chance of finding something where you know people would have been living 1,000 years ago"He said discovering long-buried artefacts was a "
Defence spending is a key issue in the UK election campaign, but it is way down the list of priorities for most political parties.The UK is the fourth biggest spender on defence in the world, behind the US, China, Russia, Saudi Arabia and France.But the UK has fallen to sixth place in the Nato alliance, behind Russia, China and Saudi Arabia, and behind the United States.A commitment to spend 2% of the nation's wealth, or GDP, on defence is conspicuous by its absence.Only two smaller parties - UKIP and the Democratic Unionist Party - say they would continue to meet that goal
David Cameron said a stadium would "inspire young people, brings jobs and wealth" to the county.He said he planned to get the Department of Culture, Media and Sport to work with Sport England, Cornwall Council and local sports teams.
Northern Ireland's inquest into the deaths of four men who were ambushed and murdered in 1976 has been delayed for almost 40 years because of a lack of resources, a coroner has said.The men were killed after checking what religion they were.
The States is urging boat owners and visitors to respect Jersey's wildlife laws and the "fragile environment".
You can also post questions on social media by going to Scotland 2015's Twitter page @BBCScot2015
The Conservatives won a subsequent by-election, held in September 2013.
William Stuart, 10, from Etchingham, East Sussex has autism and a condition called global developmental delay (GDD) and cannot speak.
BBC World Cup 2015: BBC Women's Footballer of the Year shortlist announced. BBC World Service English has announced the shortlist for the first Women's World Cup award.
Two women aged, 18 and 19 from Grangetown, and a third aged 19, from London, have been charged with fraud by false representation
UKIP leader Nigel Farage's comments on migrants using the NHS for HIV treatment costing Â£25,000 per year.
The 56ft (17.1m) converted trawler was 6 miles (10 km) west of South Stack
Members of the 130th (St John) Field Ambulance are being honoured with the rededication of a plaque to them.
Election hustings have been one of the big successes of this general election.There have been a record number of them held in churches, according to research by one Christian charity.I've been to a number of hustings so far and there's one reason why they work. The debates and exchanges are close up and often personal.Voters are able to question the politicians and get beyond some of the campaign sound bites and slogans.They also often highlight issues that are just overlooked in the "noise" of national campaigning.That was the case at a hustings at the All Nations for Christ church in the Normanton area of
The Night Wolves are subject to US sanctions for alleged active involvement in Crimea and for helping to recruit separatist fighters for Russian-backed rebels in eastern Ukraine.The Night Wolves' planned road trip through Poland stirred such controversy because of the group's close association with Vladimir Putin and its support of Moscow's annexation of Crimea.
A 911 caller said "they were going to blow up the Statue of Liberty", the National Park Service said.
Two men entered the Post Office in Quarrywood Avenue, in the Barmulloch area, at 07:55 on Friday
More than 700 people have died as a result of the earthquake in Nepal.
The four men were remanded to appear via video link at Newry Magistrates' Court on 29 April.
A man has been charged with murder in connection with the death of a man in Barton, Oxfordshire.
AP McCoy Celebration Chase: AP McCoy honoured at Cheltenham. AP McCoy celebrates his record-breaking career by collecting the champion jockey's trophy for a 20th and final time.AP McCoy, 40, has ridden in more than 16,000 races and suffered an estimated 1,000 falls in a remarkable career.
Ghana and Ivory Coast have been embroiled in a dispute over the disputed area of the Atlantic Ocean.Ivory Coast had asked that all drilling be suspended, but the tribunal ruled this would risk "considerable financial loss" to Ghana.
A Russian court has sentenced six teenage girls to jail for their "erotic and sexual twerk dance" at a World War Two memorial in the southern city of Novorossiysk, prosecutors said on Thursday.The sentences come as Russia prepares to mark the 70th anniversary of the victory.
French President Francois Hollande has marked 70 years since Allied troops liberated the last Nazi camps at the end of World War Two.
Michael Ondaatje and Peter Carey will not attend the PEN Literary Gala in New York on 5 May.
The figures obtained by BBC Scotland show that the highest number of drivers with criminal histories have been issued licences by Glasgow (290), Edinburgh (257) and Falkirk (184) councils.Many of the convictions are related to common traffic offences such as speeding or running a red light.But other convictions included assault, breach of the peace, car theft, drink-driving, indecent exposure and possession of an offensive weapon.Two licensed drivers in the Borders had charges dating back to the 1970s related to unlawful carnal knowledge of girls under 17.In East Ayrshire, a licence was issued to an individual who had carried out 49
Photographer Gareth Iwan Jones turned his attention to this subject, the very British world of Caravanning.
Lenovo and Acer have announced new smartphones with bigger lithium-ion batteries to make their handsets stand out.Acer's Liquid X2 has a 4,000mAh battery, while Lenovo's K80 offers up to 33 hours of talk-time and its A5000 up to 35 hours.Both devices are based on the use of a 2G network, which is less energy-intensive than a 3G or 4G connection.The company says they are designed to last up to three days between charges, while the A5000 is designed to support up to four days of continuous use.The new devices are expected to be
"This election presents an opportunity for harmonious co-existence between our nations."
Parcels containing cannabis and so-called legal highs were removed at HMP Altcourse in Liverpool
2,000 plants found behind Blockbuster premises in Kirkgate.
The 29-year-old filmed himself raping two patients at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford, where he worked.He also attacked two women who had passed out while he was on duty at a music festival, Oxford Crown Court heard.The court heard the women he raped in the A&E department at the Oxford hospital had to view parts of Hutchinson's recordings in order to identify themselves.The victims of his crimes were aged between nine and 35, although many were unidentifiable due to the nature of the footage.Hutchinson was suspended by the trust in November 2013 following allegations he stole medical equipment.It also informed
Mark Jones, 45, of Cwmbran, Torfaen, fractured Amelia Jones's skull when he was supposed to be looking after her.Amelia died in November 2012 after suffering a "catastrophic" bleed to the brain.During his trial, Jones claimed he fell with Amelia in his arms on one occasion and passed out while holding her on another.But the court heard she had suffered a skull fracture, brain swelling and multiple rib fractures and had been injured at least three different times.The prosecution said the injuries "could not have been accidental" and were all deliberately inflicted by her grandfather, who frequently had sole
Moeen Ali: England off-spinner says New Zealand and Australia will be tougher than West Indies. Worcestershire's Moeen has become key to England's attack and was flown out to Grenada for the victory over West Indies in the second Test.
The bodies were found near the city of Al Bayda, close to the site of the kidnapping.
Peterborough United chairman Chris Turner was diagnosed with frontal lobe dementia in 2006.His wife Lynne previously said doctors told her the illness was.
Leonie Granger was found guilty of murder and jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years.
Anis Abid Sardar, from Wembley, London, denies murder, conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause an explosion.
The ferry, owned by Italian company Atlantica di Navigazione, sent out distress signals at 13:50 local time (11:50 GMT), said Spain's Ministry of Public Works.At first, the ministry said the captain did not believe it would be necessary to abandon the ship but the fire became so intense that a full evacuation was called for.Several ships including two passenger ferries were sent to help. The passengers and crew on the life rafts eventually boarded one of the ferries, the Puglia.Spanish officials said the rescued passengers were on their way back to Palma de Mallorca
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 Nigerian girls and women abducted from a school in Chibok in April 2014.
Breezie is designed to help older people get to grips with the basics of the internet.It is easy to assume that older people will find a gadget as simple to use as you do, but, actually, it is not as simple as that.The response time for icons on an Apple screen is 0.7 seconds, but the over-65s have a response time of about one second.Using touchscreens may come naturally enough to a toddler but not necessarily for an older person - the nerves in the finger become less sensitive with age, meaning older people may "touch" far more heavily.And tests suggest
New research from Imperial College London suggests the gender gap between men and women's life expectancies is narrowing.It predicts in 2030 men in England and Wales can expect to live on average to 85.7 years - just two years fewer than women.In 1981 on the other hand, men were likely to die six years before women on average.In 1909 women tended to outlive men by just 2.5 years, Prof Les Mayhew at Cass Business School says.At this point infections were the most common cause of death and they affected men  equally in many respects.But most adults were dead by their early fift
A coroner has adjourned an inquest into the death of a singer who rose to fame in Channel 4's Rock School.Lil' Chris, whose real name was Chris Hardman, was found dead at his home in Lowestoft on 23 March.
The Maersk Tigris was seized by Iranian Revolutionary Guards Navy patrol vessels while it was moving through Iranian territorial waters, but inside an area that under international agreement is open to foreign ships making an "innocent passage".The incident has prompted the US Navy to dispatch a destroyer and a reconnaissance plane to the area to "monitor" the situation.Iranian media cited an official as saying the ship was seized based on a court order in connection with a complaint.
The fog is made up of minuscule drops of water which are so light they do not fall as rain. It is in fact the Atacama desert in Chile, one of the driest places on Earth.Average rainfall here is les than 0.1mm (0.004 in) per year and there are many regions which have not seen any precipitation for decades.But while there is little rain, the clouds here do carry humidity.Coastal fog forms on Chile's shore and then moves inland in the form of cloud banks.It is an idea which has been exported to other arid regions in
Coventry's Highfield Road years are now regarded by many fans as the club's golden era.The ground was the first all-seater stadium in English football and its position, on the fringe of the city centre, meant it was always at the heart of Coventry life.The club's greatest achievement - a cup run which saw them beat Tottenham Hotspur in the 1987 FA Cup Final - was the highlight of that era."That was the best weekend of my footballing history," says Mr Kaczur."Six of us hired a stretch limo and drove down to Wembley on the Friday night because we wanted
St Paul's Church in Grangetown, Cardiff, depicts air, sea and land battles alongside religious images and trench scenes
Russia's space agency says Progress M-27M is now orbiting in an uncontrolled spinIt cannot reach the ISS and is likely to break up on re-entering Earth's atmosphereThe craft carried on to a higher orbit after contact was lostIgor Komarov, the head of Roscosmos, said: "The craft's continued flight and its docking with the ISS is not possible."Two astronauts spending a year on the ISS, Scott Kelly and Mikhail Kornienko, told the Associated Press news agency that flight controllers had given up hope of controlling Progress again.
Midwives in Northern Ireland are on strike over a 1% pay rise that was awarded last year to all non-medical staff in England, Scotland and Wales.
Kazi Islam was said to have used "flattery and threats" in exchanges on social media to try to persuade Harry Thomas to kill two soldiers and buy ingredients for a pipe bomb.The trial was told Islam befriended the then 19-year-old Mr Thomas in October 2013 - five months after Fusilier Rigby was attacked in the street near Woolwich Barracks - after meeting him the previous year on an IT course at college.He had pretended to sympathise with Mr Thomas over a break-up with a girlfriend.But a series of exchanges on BlackBerry Messenger and social media sites were uncovered when police raided the
The pair were sentenced at Belfast Crown Court to seven-year terms for over 40 drugs offences. They will serve half their terms in prison and half on licence.
The UN says more than eight million people have been affected by Saturday's 7.8-magnitude quake and some 70,000 houses have been destroyed.
Freddie Gray's death on 19 April - a week after a police encounter where he sustained unexplained injuries.
Japan's Nikkei 225 was down 2.7% to 19,520.21, its biggest loss in nearly four months. The market extended losses after Bank of Japan left its monetary policy unchanged.
The boy, called Pemba Lama, told the BBC he survived by drinking water from wet clothes and eating clarified butter.He was carried away with a brace strapped around his neck, and was taken to an Israeli-run field hospital.
The boar is one of a number of animated replica creatures at Mountfitchet Castle
UKIPUKIP said that broke a law that bans false statements about candidatesThe BBC said the show often made jokes at the expense of politiciansCamilla Long had visited the constituency for an article published in the Sunday Times last monthUKIP advisor Raheem Kassam said: "The BBC chose to air it.It was suggested that the comments breached the Representation of the People Act.The matter has been reviewed by officers but there's no evidence of any offences and there will be no further action.A BBC statement said Britain had "a proud tradition of satire".It added: "Everyone knows that the contributors on Have I Got News
Online Influence Conference 2015: What's going on - and what's next. We asked some of those taking part in the online influence conference 2015 for their thoughts on what's happening.
Shaun Ritchie, 20, was last seen with friends at a remote woodland area near Strichen on the night of Friday 31 October into the Saturday morning.
This interactive video explores some of the main reasons why we change what we buy.
Ed Miliband has claimed that a Labour government is "not going to happen" if the price of power was doing a deal with the SNP.Mr Miliband said the UK "could be on the verge of electing a Labour Government", and added: "Nationalism never built a school. It never lifted people out of poverty.It never created a welfare state that healed the sick and protected our most vulnerable."The Tories said Mr Miliband's claim "changes nothing".The Liberal Democrats have claimed the SNP views the election as a stepping stone to another independence vote.Labour leader Mr Miliband said during a special BBC Question Time programme on Thursday
The latest eruption was less powerful, but sent a large plume of dark grey smoke and ash rising from the crater.
President Barack Obama has been shortlisted for a presidential library in his hometown of Chicago.The winning proposal will be "connected to" the University of Chicago, although the site has not been decided on yet.
The Church of England has announced it will divest for the first time from the most polluting forms of energy. It will sell investments worth £12m in firms where more than 10% of revenue comes from extracting thermal coal or the production of oil from tar sands.
Uptown Funk's original writers were listed as Ronson and Mars, plus co-producer Jeffrey Bhasker and Phillip Lawrence from Mars' production team The Smeezingtons
Birmingham Albion defender Robbie Robinson has signed a new contract with Birmingham City.Robinson has not figured since being sent off at Bournemouth on 6 AprilBut he has still clocked up 36 appearances this season, taking his total number of games in a royal blue shirt to 119Robbo is an influential person around the dressing room
"Africa is our home, make it a better place."
Beltane Fire Festival has run since 1988.
Nepal earthquake: The Nepalese health system was stretched even before the quake. Nepal's health system has been stretched to breaking point by the magnitude 7.8 earthquake that struck the country's capital, Kathmandu, last week. The Nepal earthquake has left more than 6,000 people dead and more than 2.8 million people displaced, and the health system is now at breaking point. Nepal is one of the worst-hit countries in the world, with more than 7,000 dead and thousands more injured.The quake hit Nepal's capital last week, killing at least 6,500 people and leaving more than
The death toll has risen to over 7,000 and the Nepalese authorities have ruled out finding more survivors.
A former Labour MP has been convicted of two counts of common assault against two boys in a food store in north London. A former member of the House of Commons has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys at a supermarket. Former Labour MP David Joyce has been jailed for two years after he was convicted of assault in a supermarket.The attack happened close to the drinks fridge at about 21:40 BST on 17 October and was filmed on the store's CCTV.Joyce "flung" the 14-year-old boy to the floor and held him down by the throat, the court heard."He started shouting in
A young pony has been found with a hind leg infested with maggots.
More than 480 papers for the Hull East constituency were sent out without listing Labour's Karl Turner and the Green Party's Sarah Walpole.
David Cameron urged people not to vote tactically, but to "vote for your preferred prime minister". Ed Miliband has insisted he would not lead a government if it involved any deal with the Scottish National Party (SNP).
Evie Markham, 18, from Albrighton in Shropshire, made it to the embassy in Kathmandu on Friday evening only to be told it was closed, her mother said.
Many of its members lost friends and loved ones in the devastating earthquake last weekend
Rio Ferdinand says his "wonderful wife and soul mate" Rebecca Ellison has died. QPR defender Rio Ferdinand has said his wife Rebecca has died after a short battle with cancer.
The alium was introduced as a garden plant but it escaped and is now rampant in woods and hedgerows
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb says there's only one party that's in a position to secure an overall majority and that's the Welsh Conservatives.
A 16ft speedboat carrying a father, his teenage daughter and her two friends has capsized just outside Brixham harbour.
Alan Shearer looks at the reasons why Jose Mourinho's Chelsea side won the Premier League by such a convincing margin and explains why it will be hard to stop them achieving more success.
"We still have dead animals hung on the gates of schools, dismembered cats on playgrounds. We have petitions outside schools, objecting to teachers teaching against homophobia." There were threats on social media, she said, such as "Any head teacher who teaches my children it's alright to be gay will be at the end of my shotgun."
Baltimore curfew: National Guard troops pull out of city. The curfew was put in place on Tuesday, after protests over Freddie Gray's death turned violent.
Pamela Geller is a right-wing blogger who has become a leading figure in the anti-Muslim movement in the United States.She is the co-founder of the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI), which she says was formed to stop the "Islamisation of America" and "creeping sharia" in her country.She has been described by the New York Times as "sky-rocketing to national prominence" in 2010 as a firebrand blogger vehemently opposed to plans to build a Muslim community centre close to the World Trade Center.A flamboyant rhetorical style on social media, in which she
Jimmy had a minor stroke in 2012, but appeared to have made a full recovery.He was due to be inducted into the Tottenham Hotspur Hall of Fame on 13 May at a sell-out ceremony at White Hart Lane.Greaves scored 44 goals in 57 England games and a club-record 220 league goals for Tottenham having started his career at Chelsea.Tottenham posted a message of support on their official Twitter feed shortly after the news of Greaves's stroke emerged."Everyone at the club wishes Jimmy Greaves a speedy recovery after he suffered a stroke yesterday," the message read.
Ed Ed Miliband has unveiled a pledge stone to remind the British people that he is "absolutely serious about changing the way this country works".
He represented Wales at minor county level.
Enric Marco was exposed shortly before he was due to share a platform at the camp with then Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero.But he waited. And waited.
The latest claim came as a female pupil, who alleged she was raped by a teacher in 1990 while attending its former junior school, spoke to the BBC.Kate, who we are not identifying, told her story to the police two years ago but the case collapsed.
The SNP will be a positive, constructive and progressive force in the House of Commons but will stand up very firmly for the things we believe really matter."
It's a big deal for people across the country, but everyone's watching Scotland in particularThis is because the election result could have a huge impact on who runs the next UK governmentJenny went to a youth club in Glasgow to find out more
Italy's lower house of parliament has approved a law that guarantees a majority of seats to the party that wins the most votes in an election.It is a key element of a package of reforms promised by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi.The electoral reform is expected to come into force next year.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has warned that no-one will win this election - even if David Cameron and Ed Miliband won't admit it publicly.He said the hardening position of Labour and the Conservatives on coalition deals meant a minority government after 7 May.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has visited Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia.
Identity theft has become the most prevalent form of fraud for the first time since the recession, according to credit reference agency Experian.
The family-owned business, which is celebrating its centenary, has forecast a turnover of between £25m and £30m in 2015.
Robert Carlyle's The Legend of Barney Thomson will open the 69th Edinburgh International Film Festival on Wednesday 17 June.
New legislation passed this year places a statutory duty on schools and colleges to counter radicalisation.The Counter Terrorism and Security Act 2015 requires educational establishments to prevent young people being drawn into terrorism.
Mike Huckabee has announced he will run for president again in 2016.He joins a crowded Republican field that includes three senators, a businesswoman and a neurosurgeon.The bass guitar-playing, foreign policy hawk has had a media career since losing the nomination in 2008.The former Arkansas governor, who had a well-paying job as a television and radio host, opted to sit out the campaign, despite some polls showing him leading the Republican field.
The future of business news: global and digital. I am leaving the BBC to become a freelance presenter at the BBC. My move has set me thinking about the future of. I have been working as a business journalist for the BBC for the last two years and I am moving to a new role as a freelance contributor to the BBC News website.I am not predicting that the end of TV and radio listings is right around the corner, but viewers increasingly want to watch and listen at a time when they want to.I found this with my own programme, Talking Business with Linda Yueh, where many UK viewers watched via
French-based English player Benoit Abendanon wins European Player of the Year award. Clermont's Benoit-Baptiste Abendon has won the European player of the year award, the third time a French player has won it.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho keen on long-term deal. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says he wants to stay at the club as long as owner Roman Abramovich wants him to.
Salman Khan is one of Bollywood's biggest stars and has starred in more than 80 Hindi-language filmsLate on the night of 28 September 2002, his Toyota Land Cruiser hit the American Express bakery in the Bandra area of Mumbai, authorities sayThe vehicle ran over five people sleeping on the street, killing 38-year-old Noor Ullah Khan and seriously injuring three othersAnother person received minor injuriesThe prosecution has alleged that Mr Khan was driving the car and that he was drunkBut many witnesses have said that was not the caseA constable attached to Mr Khan's security said in a statement to the police that the "dr
Deaf job seekers reluctant to list it on CVs. An Action on Hearing Loss Cymru survey has found many job seekers are reluctant to declare they are deaf on job applications.
Joss Whedon has quit Twitter, saying he had become "obsessed" with the social media platform.The director, who has been criticised for his portrayal of female characters, including Scarlett Johansson's Black Widow, as sexist, said he had quit the social networking site because of "hatchet job" criticism.Joss Whedon, who is best known for his role as the creator of Buffy The Vampire Slayer and Dollhouse, has quit his Twitter account.He told Buzzfeed News he needed to go to a "quiet place" to focus on writing, adding that Twitter is "the least quiet place I've ever
During the war, families would have to ration their food and had little communication in their homes.
Northern Ireland's election campaign has come to an end with the results of the Northern Ireland Assembly elections.The Northern Ireland election campaign is over and the local parties are now in a position to make a difference in next year's Dáil and Stormont elections.However it was certainly packed with incident.The local parties complained about being excluded from the UK-wide debates, but threats of legal action came to nothing.The two main unionist parties were accused of playing sectarian politics when they agreed a pact in four seats.Sinn Féin faced the same allegation after distributing a leaflet in North Belfast that equated Catholics
For the latest news from all the counts on Merseyside, go to our election live service or check the results on your constituency profile page.
Results will also be available on your constituency profile page.
Coventry Sky Blues meet with council to discuss stadium plans. Coventry City Council has met with the Sky Blues to discuss plans for a new stadium in the borough of Rugby. The Sky Blues currently play in Coventry's Ricoh Arena.
Michelin has agreed to buy Blackcircles.com, the online tyre retailer based in Peebles, for an undisclosed sum.Mike Welch, chief executive of Black Circles, built it up to annual sales in 2013 of £28m, with annual growth of around 20% per year since 2008.Michelin already owns the conventional tyre distributor ATS Euromaster, and the French firm hopes there will be synergies between the two distributors, although BlackCircles will continue to operate independently within the Michelin group.
US defence secretary Ashton Carter said 90 people were being trained in a secure location, and they would be paid by the United States.
The Belfast Policing and Community Safety Partnership's 'Drug Dealers Don't Care, Do You?'
China's stock markets have suffered their biggest one-day fall in more than two years, with the Shanghai Composite closing down 2.8% for the sixth day in a row.Investors are concerned about the country's big four banks facing slower growth.
China's economy grew by 7% in the first quarter of the year, a large figure by Western standards, but the lowest for the country since the financial crisis of 2009.Last year its growth slowed to its weakest in 24 years, expanding by 7.4% in 2014 down from 7.7% in 2013.In its latest economic outlook for the Asia Pacific the IMF said the mainland needed reforms that "reorient the economy away from excessive reliance on real estate, heavy industry, and external demand".
A person claiming to be in a vehicle on the A414 at North Weald, Essex, called police at 08:30 BST on Wednesday to say it had earlier been in Ashford in Kent
The US government's bulk collection of phone records has been upheld by a federal appeals court in New York.The US court has upheld the legality of the National Security Agency's (NSA) programme to bulk collect phone records of millions of Americans.The NSA's spying was leaked by Edward Snowden, a former NSA contractor who has since fled to Russia.The court's decision means the US government will be able to carry on with its collection of the data, which it has collected for more than a decade.US spy leaks: How intelligence is gatheredHow vulnerable is the internet?US states take aim at NSA facilitiesThe latest verdict
The BBC has signed a deal for live coverage of the Diamond League events in the UK and Europe from 2017 to 2020.
Neuro-tech has gone well beyond medicine, with non-medical corporations, often under the radar, developing neuro-technologies to enhance work and life.
Memphis Depay: Manchester United sign PSV winger for £25-30m. Manchester United have completed the signing of PSV Eindhoven winger Memphis Depuy from the Netherlands for a fee believed to be in the region of £25m.
Ivory Coast bans cosmetic lightening and hygiene creams. Ivory Coast has banned cosmetics that de-pigment the skin, saying they may cause cancer, diabetes, severe skin conditions and other diseases.
Tests are under way to "determine the contents" of the cigarettes
Ed Miliband says it was "time for someone else" to take over the leadership and that he was "truly sorry" he did not succeed.
George Galloway is said to have retweeted his party's own exit poll before voting ended.
Conservative Michael Tomlinson beat Vikki Slade in Mid Dorset and North Poole. Two Conservative MPs return to Westminster, we're both elated.
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander, former Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy and John Thurso were beaten by the SNP.
BG's core earnings fell 41% to $1.59bn (Â£1.03bn), with pre-tax profits down to $708m.
Hon Honoured to represent people of Tatton for the next 5 years.Will always seek to represent whole community, regardless of how people voted.
Keith Harris, the ventriloquist who became a staple of Saturday night TV in the 1980s, has died.
Australia's marriage equality campaign has received some high-profile support from Alan Joyce, the openly gay, Irish-born chief executive of the airline Qantas.He told the Sydney Morning Herald: "I've had people coming up to me in the business community and saying that their son, their daughter is finding it tough.
Luke Durbin, 19, of Hollesley, Suffolk, failed to return home after a night out in Ipswich on 12 May 2006.
I have just been to see Her Majesty the Queen and I will now form a majority Conservative government. I have been proud to lead the first coalition government in 70 years and I want to thank all those who worked so hard to make it a success, and in particular, on this day, Nick Clegg."Elections can be bruising clashes of ideas and arguments and a lot of people who believe profoundly in public service have seen that service cut short."Ed Miliband rang me this morning to wish me luck with the new government. It was a typically generous gesture from someone who is clearly in public services for all the right reasons."
The baby was found alone and abandoned at about 15:30 local time on Friday on Steelstown Road
North Korea has reportedly launched a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast.
David Lammy has ruled himself out of the race to succeed Ed Miliband as Labour's next leader, saying the party needs a "proper rethink" about its direction and the new leader would have a "10-year task" to rebuild Labour.Mr Lammy, who is regarded as being on the right of the party, was a minister under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown having first entered Parliament in 2000.He gained a national profile for his response to the shooting of Mark Duggan in his constituency in August 2011, which sparked riots across London and other cities.Asked whether he had been approached by colleagues to run,
Gentoo penguins tend to live in ice-free areas near Antarctica
The leaflets said the patient had been referred for an urgent appointment as their symptoms might indicate cancer.
Durham University go head-to-head with those from Newcastle University in the 1500m race.
The child was taken to hospital, with the extent of his injuries not yet known
Gambia's Carayol back to full fitness after injury. Middlesbrough striker Adama Diallo is targeting an appearance for the Gambia in the forthcoming qualifiers for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Manchester United 2-1 Arsenal. Ander Herrera's first-half strike gives Manchester United a 1-0 win over Arsenal at Old Trafford as they secure a place in next season's Champions League.
Harry Potter author JK Rowling has said she has blocked some abusive Twitter users she believed had been supporters of the Scottish National Party (SNP).
At least two overcrowded boats - with many women and children on board - were towed by local fishermen to the shores of Aceh province
Nico Rosberg celebrates after winning the Formula One German Grand Prix at the Circuit of the Americas in Mexico CityLewis Hamilton was initially stuck behind Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel but switched to a different strategy to get aheadNico Rosberg was third ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Kimi RaikkonenMedia playback is not supported on this device Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton wins the German Formula One Grand Prix in Mexico. Lewis Hamilton celebrates after taking his second win of the season at the Mexican Grand PrixLewis Hamilton took his second Formula One world championship title after finishing second at the Mexico City Grand Prix, with Nico Ros
Manchester United midfielder Ryan McNair has been named in the draw for the Milk Cup this year.McNair, who played for the Old Trafford club at the youth tournament, has featured regularly for the Red Devils first team this season.
John Whittingdale has been chair of the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport select committee for a decade
Super-fan Ross Morgan was watching the Ipswich v Norwich match at home when Paul Anderson scored a goal.In his excitement Ross leaped into the air and accidently punched the hole.He said: "I went for a fist pump while jumping up at the same time. The next thing I knew I had gone through the ceiling."Ross later posted a picture of the hole online, and goal-scorer Anderson, offered to pay for the repairs.Ipswich fan Ross said:"I was pretty shocked by that.
The EU and the US are in the midst of negotiations on a trade deal that could boost the economies of both countries.The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, or it will be if the negotiations are completed.President Obama said, when the talks were launched, that TTIP would promote "new growth and jobs on both sides of the Atlantic".But the tariffs imposed by the US and EU are already relatively low for the most part, although there are some exceptions in, for example, farm produce and textiles.Much of the concern is about the regulatory aspect: that it would lead to lower standards of consumer and environmental
The SNP won 56 of the 59 Scottish seats at Westminster last week.Former Labour chancellor Alistair Darling said Mr Cameron had the chance of "building a constitution for the 21st century".
London Met University staff and students will go on strike on 22 May to protest against plans to close academic and professional support workers' posts at the London Metropolitan University. Staff and students at the University of London Met are to vote on whether to strike over proposed cuts to the university's student numbers.They say in the academic year starting September 2012, nearly half the students at London Met were from minority ethnic groups.In addition, about half were from the poorest groups in society.
US regulators have approved Shell's plan to drill in the Chukchi Sea in the Arctic. The US government has approved a plan for Shell to drill up to six wells in water about 40 metres deep in the remote Arctic region of Alaska.
Nigel Farage has been persuaded to stay on as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), the party has announced. The party said there was "overwhelmingly evidence" that UKIP members did not want Mr Farage to go.The party said he had been "reluctant", but decided he "owed it to the party to stay" on as party leader.The announcement came just before 16:00 BST when the party announced its ex-leader was now its leader again.Technically he has managed to honour his pledge to stand down after he failed to get elected in Thanet South on Thursday.But
Ceres Ceres is the largest object in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter.
The listed properties on London Road were last used by the Witan International College 10 years ago.
Berlin Philharmonic board member Peter Riegelbauer said they would try again.
Venezuela's price controls have replaced security as the biggest worry for Venezuelans, according to a recent poll by Datanalisis. For the first time in years, shortages and inflation have replaced insecurity as the main worry for the country's poor. "It's become like an obsession," she says.
A new report has been published by the opposition in Russia that accuses President Vladimir Putin of waging war in Ukraine for his own ends.The report, published in the Russian language, is based on facts that have already appeared in Russian and foreign media since Crimea was annexed in March 2014 and conflict broke out in eastern Ukraine.But its authors say putting the facts together and describing the human and economic cost of the conflict makes a very compelling case for accusing President Putin of conducting the war to boost his failing popularity.Russia has consistently denied accusations that it has sent regular troops and armour to help rebels in Ukraine, arguing that any Russians serving
London Mayor Boris Johnson says he would "lie down" in front of bulldozers and stop the building, stop the construction of that third runway.
Tehran municipality plans to turn Evin prison into a park. The Tehran municipality is planning to turn a prison in the north of the Iranian capital into a green space, the mayor of the city has said.
Black Black West Indians who served the British Empire during World War Two have been commemorated at a memorial in Brixton, south London.Some 10,000 left their families and homes to join the British armed forces, working behind the scenes and on the frontline to defeat the Nazis.Although Britain was initially reluctant to let black people join the war effort, the rules were relaxed as the war progressed and casualties mounted.Despite their countless sacrifices, some veterans feel their war time experiences have been forgotten and have spent their lifetimes fighting for equality.Sam King MBE was born in Jamaica in 1926 and served as a ground crew engineer with the RAF
A former soldier who suffered spinal damage after hitting his head on a sand bar in Gran Canaria while on a training course has given evidence at London's High Court.He is seeking damages from the Ministry of Defence for not warning about the dangers of diving into shallow waters.Mr Justice William Davis has now reserved his judgment on the case and will give his ruling at a later date.
The Conservatives have been given a huge confidence boost and will feel in a position to challenge.
The German U-boat is acting as the unseen enemy below the waves.U33's commander Kai Nicklesdorf and his 28 crew, who live in cramped conditions, are trying to avoid detection by 10 Nato warships.Their task, for this exercise, is to try to take out the command ship, the USS Vicksburg, and an oil tanker.When they dive the only visible sign of their presence will be the brief sight of a periscope breaking the waves for a matter of seconds.They lie silent and stationary at the bottom of the ocean listening to and "fingerprinting" other nations'
BBC America and the international edition of iPlayer will close on 26 June. The BBC has announced it will shut down the Global iPlayer app, which was launched in 2011 but never came to the US. BBC Worldwide - the broadcaster's commercial arm - first announced it intended to pull support for the app in October 2013, saying it would instead focus on making material available via the BBC.com website.
Wellington monument on the Blackdown Hills, in Somerset, was built in 1817 but since 2005 it has been fenced off because of falling stone debris.
The Haka means "fierce dance" and was traditionally performed by the Maoris before going into battle
Prince Charles wrote: "I, for one, cannot understand how the 'badger lobby' seem to mind not at all about the slaughter of thousands of expensive cattle, and yet object to a managed cull of an over-population of badgers - to me, this is intellectually dishonest."In reply, Mr Blair said he could "personally see the case for culling badgers" but did not want to prejudge a decision by environment ministers.
ITVITV said it was "confident" that viewers would be unaffectedGood Morning Britain and the filming of soap operas are among the programmes could be hit
Harry Shearer took to Twitter to say the decision "wasn't about money" and that signing up to a new series would have stopped him from doing other work.
Gloucester Prison: What should happen to former prison site?
A robotic tentacle that can bend, stretch and switch between flexible and rigid states as required has been developed by engineers in Italy and the UK. A robotic arm that can hold delicate organs out of the way with one stretch of its length has been created by engineers at Imperial College London and King's College London.The octopus-inspired device, called the Stiff-Flop, is designed to be used in "minimally invasive surgery" - operations performed via a body cavity or a keyhole-type incision.Its movement is driven by inflatable compartments and its stiffness by a central tube containing a
Greece insists the Parthenon Sculptures were taken illegally and has pursued a high-profile campaign in recent years for their return, latterly with the help of Mrs ClooneyMrs Clooney reportedly submitted a 150-page report to the Greek government this week urging it
Syria's antiquities chief warned that if IS seizes the Unesco World Heritage site it will destroy everything there.The group has ransacked and demolished several ancient sites in Iraq.Palmyra has already suffered some damage during the four-year civil war.It is situated in a strategically important area on the road between the capital, Damascus and the contested eastern city of Deir al-Zour, and close to gas fields.
Northern Ireland agriculture minister Michelle O'Neill hosts departmental breakfast at the Balmoral Show. Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has hosted a Departmental Breakfast with Chinese consul general Madam Wang Shuying.
McLaren boss Eric Boullier says the team can make significant strides in performance over the course of this season. McLaren's new engine partner Honda has improved by "50%" since the start of the season, according to team boss Eric "Boullier", who says the performance gap between McLaren and Mercedes is split between car and engine, although he admits that both need considerable work.
Alliance Trust Savings to buy stockbroking firm for £14m in cash. Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to buy a stockbroker to expand its savings division into profit by 2016.
Two disabled people have taken a judicial review into the way the government has handled the payment system for disabled people who have been waiting more than a year to have their welfare claims processed.The claimants, from Kent and Essex, said they struggled to pay for food and fuel because of the delays and their health declined as a result.They brought the test case to the High Court, claiming the delay was unlawful.They had a right to such benefits under the law and should have received them within a "reasonable time", their lawyers told the court.One of the claimants, Ms C, said she had to leave her job because
Former footballer Mark Carlisle has been jailed for six months for failing to give a breath sample to police after he almost hit a lorry in central London. Former football player Mark Carluckle has been sentenced to six months in prison for failing a breath test.The 35-year-old played for Burnley, Queens Park Rangers, Leeds United and Northampton Town and was also the chairman of the Professional Footballers' Association.Carlisle has revealed he attempted to take his own life two days afterwards.
Chief Constable Mark Gilmore has been suspended by Lancashire Police following an investigation into the awarding of vehicle contracts in Northern Ireland.
A man has been detained under the mental health act and undergoing questioning and assessment after a bomb threat was made over the phone, police in Sydney said.The man, 39, is now in hospital for medical assessment, police said. The area has since been declared safe.
Facebook said it complied with data protection law and questioned the Belgian watchdog's authority.
Magicseaweed provides forecasting and live reporting of more than 4,000 beaches.
Peterborough restaurant owner Mohammed Khubaib, 43, was convicted of rape and grooming offences last month.
High Highways England say the Â£6m layout changes on the Posthouse roundabout proved more difficult than anticipated.
A man has pleaded guilty to the murder of Denise Dunlop, who was stabbed three times in the upper body in front of their daughter and their step-mother.The court heard that as a result of the attack, the couple's daughter suffered a "complex and traumatic experience".McAuley was told by the judge, Mr Justice Weir, that he had caused "enormous and permanent harm" to his daughter.Mr Justice Weir said the killing was "senseless" and told McAuley his actions had deprived a young girl of her mother.Saying the row was "fuelled by
Cystic fibrosis: Combination of drugs may improve life expectancy. A combination of drugs could bypass the genetic errors that cause the disease and may increase life expectancy, according to new research.
The Information Commissioner's Office says it has received more than 1,000 complaints about unsolicited calls and texts this year.The Office of the Information Commissioner has said it has increased its powers to fine fraudsters up to £500,000 if they are found to have contravened the new law.The Information Commissioner says it can also issue fines of up to 5% of the total amount of money fraudsters have received in the first three months of this year, up from £250,000 in the same period last year. The Information Commission's Office, which is responsible for protecting consumers from fraudsters, says it
The county council said it wants to build 31,400 homes and create thousands of jobs over the next 20 years
F1's bosses have revealed to the public what many in F1 already knew - the drivers don't like the current cars because they think they are too slow and too limited by artificial restraints
Leinster 17-10 Edinburgh. Ian Madigan kicks a penalty to put Edinburgh ahead at the start of the second half but Jordi Murphy and Luke McGrath score for Leins. Edinburgh's Sam Hidalgo-Clyne kicks the hosts ahead with a penalty but tries from Jordi Murray and Luke McCloskey mean the visitors end their campaign fifth, seven points shy of the semi-final places.
Prince Harry helps remove 3.1m crocodile from Darwin Harbour in Northern Territory. Prince Harry has helped the Northern Territory crocodile management team in the removal of a crocodile in Darwin Harbour.Prince Harry has spent a week in New Zealand, his first visit to the country.He has also spent time in Christchurch, finding out about the city's efforts to regenerate after the earthquake in 2011
Simon Dredge suffered life-threatening injuries in the crash on Wednesday.
Kinga Pelc from the east Belfast area died in hospital on Saturday.
St Abbs lifeboat crew agree to take back pagers. A group of local volunteers have agreed to take their pagers back after the RNLI announced they would no longer use the station to respond to emergencies.
Nigel Nigel Farage has been asked to take a break as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP).The party has been beset by wrangling since Mr Farage agreed to stay on as leader, days after standing down after failing to get elected in Thanet South.Mr Farage ruled out quitting as leader on BBC's Question Time on Thursday, saying he had "phenomenal" support, and has challenged his critics to decide whether they want to stay in the party.
Carissa, who's 11, has become the youngest ever chess master in the US.So how did she get so good? The BBC went to meet her to find out.
A man has been rescued from the Ogwen Valley mountain rescue team base after he slipped on Tryfan in Anglesey.
Huw Irranca-Davies, who has announced he is leaving the shadow frontbench, told Radio Wales his party needed to "consistently re-invigorate" itself.
Pitch Perfect 2 earns more than Mad Max: Fury Road. Perfect 2 has earned more in its first weekend than its predecessor.
Phil Neville: What Louis van Gaal has learned from his first season in the Premier League and why Manchester United are title contenders again. Former Manchester United player and coach Phil Neville explains what Louis Van Gaal has learnt from his season at Old Trafford and why his team are not far away from being champions again.
Brandon Flowers invites the BBC into his bedroom.It's an unusual start to our interview - but a camera crew is setting up in the living room of his rented London apartment.He checks his hair in the mirror ("a few grey hairs now") and settles on the edge of the pristine white bed to talk about his new record, The Desired Effect.The singer has been in the limelight for more than a decade now, as the frontman of stadium rock superheroes The Killers.But despite his onstage swagger, the 33-year-old is softly-spoken and full of nervous energy, with a tendency to giggle
The research is likely to fuel the debate over the environmental benefits of organic farming.
Mental health is underfunded compared with physical healthcare, despite recent government promises to ensure parity of esteem, according to a new report. The number of suicides of patients being cared for at home has been double that of inpatients, a health watchdog has found. The numbers represent a change in the nature of acute psychiatric care, with treatment increasingly being provided outside hospitals.
The council said the booking fees would help maintain the park and other open spaces, and community groups could book the space free of charge at weekends.
Stephen Kinnock, as the son of a former Labour leader, is one of the better-known among the 2015 intake of MPs. But like the rest of the new faces he has to wait for behind-the-scenes negotiations to conclude before he can be allocated a permanent office at Westminster."So no office," the Aberavon MP tells me. "We're hot-desking."I have been given a telephone extension on the system here in parliament but as I don't actually have a telephone or a desk or an office for any of those things I'm not sure what good that does me at the moment
Colombia landslide: How many people are still missing?
England captain Joe Root: 'A lot of credit for that has to go to Peter Moores'. Joe Root has been named player of the year for the England women's team for the second year in a row after being named coach for the men's side by the cricket media.
The interactive 3D renderings are assembled from photos of the objects.
A report by Amnesty International suggests men, women and children are being abused "to eliminate public protest".
India's Sarvesh Verma scored 96.83% in the test and has been widely praised in India for his hard work.
Serie A match-fixing: More than 70 people are under investigation in Italy's third and fourth divisions.More than 70 football players and directors have been detained in an anti-match-fixer investigation in the Serie A and Serie B leagues in Italy.
People started fastening the padlocks to cables on St Botolph's Bridge, Boston, in Lincolnshire, after it opened in 2014.The locks supposedly symbolise the everlasting bond between two lovers.In recent years, the trend has spread across many parts of the UK - with bridges in Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire targeted.Lincolnshire County Council said it had to remove the locks because they could potentially damage the stainless steel cables.A spokesperson for the authority said: "Unfortunately, some are starting to rust and it has become necessary to take them off to prevent further damage."The trend has met with some criticism, with
Next was found to have used a tax avoidance scheme called a rate-boosterThe court ruled Next diverted UK profits to foreign subsidiaries to claim tax relief on overseas profitsSuch schemes are a way in which firms avoid corporation tax on foreign profits that are then paid back to the UK parent firmBut some companies were able to exploit the rules through the creation of artificial arrangements involving what HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) referred to as "complex circular movements of money between companies in the same group, so they can claim there has been double taxation".HMRC said about £130m in tax
Matthew Cherrington, 32, from West Bromwich, murdered 26-year-old sex worker Lidia Pascale, who was last seen on 19 November 2014.
Benjamin Herman, 80, of Hook, Hampshire, denies four counts of indecent assault on a girl under the age of 13.
Pte Cheryl James was one of four soldiers found dead at Deepcut, in Camberley, between 1995 and 2002.Her parents said a dispute over the ballistics evidence could only be resolved if her body is exhumed.
Manchester City's Scott Sinclair: 'This is the happiest I have been in a long time'.
Canada's public safety minister commends officers for their "continued vigilance" in protecting communities from "the ongoing global terror threat".
North Korea says its nuclear programme has "long been in the full-fledged stage of miniaturisation".
Mark Stoneman runs out for 111 as Warwickshire beat Durham. Durham were all out for 327 in their first County Championship match of the season against Warwickettshire. Durham's Mark Stoneteman was run out by Rikki Clarke for 111 in the first innings of their first Championship match against the home side. Durham captain Mark Sttoneman celebrates his century with his team-mates after being run out in the second innings of the first County One-Day Cup match between the two sides.Stoneman was farcically run out from the non-striker's end as he went for
Ulsan feels like a place you vaguely know but can't quite figure out how. It is reminiscent of old photographs of European shipbuilding towns on rivers whose names are redolent of their history: in Britain, the Clyde, Tyne, Wear, Tees or Mersey. In those pictures cranes and partly built ships towered over houses. Thousands streamed from work together the moment a shift ended.Nobody could forget how work enabled their lives because they saw, heard and smelled the place of work in every corner of the town. It was their skyline.That world of the heaviest of industry is no longer
Mogadishu's Lido beach is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the country, and it is a place where the sun is shining brightly, the sea is warm and the sand is soft.At high tide on a recent Friday afternoon, thousands of mostly young Somalis were playing in the surf - a scene of cheerful relaxation that would have been unimaginable just a few years ago in a city notorious for its decades of anarchy, famine and violence. "This place is bangin'! Beautiful!" said an exuberant 21-year-old named Hassan Mohammed.Like many others at the shore, he was
Spotify has launched a new version of its popular music streaming service which is about more than music, the company has said.The new service will be available to iPhone users in the US, UK, Germany and Sweden, but will later be extended to other platforms and countries.The company said it had also taken steps to match the music tracks it suggests to the various activities users engage in throughout their day.This includes a new running mode, which matches music to the pace of the subscriber based on feedback from their smartphone's built-in sensors.And it has commissioned new track from composers and DJs including Tiesto,
David Cameron has announced he will begin bilateral visits with his European colleagues as soon as this summit is over.They expect concrete details on what exactly Britain wants from the EU by the leaders' next summit at the end of June.The question for Britain's prime minister is whether the change favoured by his European partners match the changes David Cameron wants?Not all his European counterparts are prepared to be as open as Angela Merkel when it comes to UK requests.But there is a widespread hunger for EU change - from the north amongst the Scandinavian countries to Europe's southern reaches.Governments realise that, with near deflation and high youth unemployment,
Hanergy shares fell 47% on Wednesday, wiping out $18.6bn (Â£11.9bn) from its market capitalisation.That was followed by shares of Goldin Financial, which fell 55% on Thursday.
Health and Social Care Minister Simon Hamilton has called on people to embrace change and allow the NHS to move with the times.
Thousands of signallers, maintenance staff and station workers are due to walk out for 24 hours from 17:00 BST on Monday in a row over pay and jobs.If they do, limited services will run on Scotrail, Gatwick and Heathrow Express lines and Southeastern.And there will be no Virgin West Coast mainline services on Monday or Tuesday.The operator, Virgin Trains, also warned that the East Coast line would be badly affected.
A vast vault of highly personal data from mSpy customers had been dumped on the so-called dark web - an area of the internet that cannot be reached by traditional search engines.The company has now admitted that data had been stolen and that it is investigating the breach.It has also emerged that the UK's Information Commissioner is investigating. The company is also under fire in the US, with Minnesota senator Al Franken describing the software as "nothing short of terrifying" and likening it to "stalking apps".He wants the government to investigate the company and has written to the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission
The Night Tube will provide services on several lines from September.Aslef said it had been told that unless drivers agreed to rosters they would automatically be imposed and no pay offer would be made this year.
Police refused to confirm reports Mr Wint was identified by DNA from the crust of a pizza delivered to the home.
Barts Health NHS Trust was placed in special measures in March, but has faced further inspections by the Care Quality Commission.
Father Ted co-writer Graham Linehan and broadcaster Dame Jenni Murray are also receiving degrees
Salgar landslide: Burials held for 84 people whose bodies have been recovered. Burials have been held for 33 of the 84 people who died in the landslide in Salgar, Italy.
Rugby League: Keighley Cougars' Jonny Jones dies from cardiac arrest. Rugby League player Jonny 'Jonny' Jones died from a cardiac arrest triggered by hereditary heart disease.
Ra Raheem Sterling will not sign a new contract at Liverpool, manager Brendan Rodgers has said.
A petition has been signed by more than 2,500 people demanding the islanders' right to return home is respected. The islanders were evicted from the British overseas territory in the 1960s.
SNP will take control of the UK Parliament's energy and climate change select committee and Scottish affairs select committee.
Radio 1 DJ Fern Cotton has announced she will be leaving the station at the end of the year.The 33-year-old said she was stepping down for "family and new adventures" in February, after revealing she was pregnant with her second baby.Cotton will wrap up her time at the station by presenting some of the coverage over the two days of the event.She will be replaced by DJ Clara Amfo, who will take over the programme on Monday, playing highlights from Radio 1's Big Weekend festival, which takes place in Norwich this weekend.Farewell Fearne Cotton, who has been at Radio 1 for
Students aged from nine to 12 have been asked to create their designs in the blocky 3D world.The results could then be made to existing national parks around AdelaideThe government has set aside nearly $10.4m Australian dollars (Â£5.4] for the redesignsIt's all part of a government plan to make the most of kids' creativityThe only rule is that "whatever you design needs to be able to be created in the real world," said the website which announced the prize."The park features need to complement the natural environment, taking into account the animals and plants that live there.""Ideas could include
Lord McConnell was in the African country to discuss the importance of electricity at the time. A Labour peer has admitted he fell down a drain in Malawi while discussing the need for better electricity in the country.
Obesity linked to colorectal cancer in teens. A study has found that overweight teenagers are twice as likely to develop bowel cancer as those who are normal weight. Obesity is linked to the development of bowel cancer in teenagers, according to a study.
A forklift truck driver has been found guilty of causing serious injury to an employee at a cold storage warehouse in Grantham.Grantham magistrates heard the employee was walking towards a freezer room in the warehouse's main bay when it happened.The man equired skin grafts to repair the damage to his right leg.At a hearing on Thursday, the court was told the council's environmental health team found no rear beacon on the forklift trucks and a broken light.It was also unclear whether the driver had sounded the horn, as required.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of breaking laws protecting endangered species.
Egypt and other Arab countries have failed to reach a deal on a regional conference on nuclear weapons, US officials say.The proposal was blocked by the US, the UK and Canada.The next review is set for 2020.Israel neither confirms nor denies it has a stockpile of nuclear weapons.
Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams died in 2012 in a barrage of bullets fired by 13 officers in a car chase.The incident occurred when the car, a Chevy Malibu, backfired while speeding past Cleveland police HQ, and officers thought a gun had been discharged.Some 62 police cars were then involved in a 22-mile chase at speeds up to 100 mph.Only Mr Brelo was charged because prosecutors said the pair in the car were no longer a threat when he climbed on to the bonnet of their car and fired 15 shots through the windscreen in 7.4 seconds.But the judge said that as other officers had
Former Labour MP David Howells has blamed the party's lack of "radical thinking" for its election defeat in Wales.He said Labour had "held the line in Wales as well as anybody did in Britain" and praised the first minister for doing "something right".But he said the party must have a "radical analysis" of society if it is to increase its numbers in parliament.
The poster features an officer and a message to parents asking them not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children
Chelsea reigned supreme from day one, clinched the title with room to spare and were the standout team of the season - both in defence and attack.The league has been illuminated by players such as Alexis Sanchez, arriving at Arsenal and bringing even more swagger to Arsene Wenger's cultured side - and perhaps an FA Cup winners' medal too - and Philippe Coutinho, who has managed the seemingly impossible feat of upstaging even the mighty Steven Gerrard in the Liverpool skipper's last season at Anfield.With so much talent to choose from, it has been a difficult decision - but here are the players and the manager,
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley says he is to blame for the Magpies' relegation. Mike Ashley insists he is not selling his Newcastle United football club and will not be selling until the end of the season. Newcastle owner and owner of the club, Mike Ashley, has said he wants to stay in charge of the Premier League strugglers. Newcastle manager John Carver says he hopes to remain in charge after Sunday's 2-0 win over West Ham. Newcastle boss Mike Ashley has insisted he is "not selling" his club. "I haven't got a clue what Mike Ashley is going to do.
PGA Championship 2013: An An wins European Tour rookie of the year. China's An Byeong-hun An wins the European Tour Rookie of the Year award at the PGA of America Championship in the US Open and US Open Qualifying School. Chinese amateur An Yeong-hwan wins the prestigious PGA Tour rookie event in the United States, becoming only the third rookie to win the prestigious event in its 60-year history.
Chelsea ended their campaign eight points clear at the top after a final day win over Sunderland
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi appears to have strengthened his social media outreach with new accounts on Instagram, China's Twitter-like service Weibo and Viber chat forum. India's prime minister Narendra Modi is among the five most followed politicians on Twitter, with 12.5 million followers.India's PM Narendra Modi seems to have made a mark on social media with his use of the microblogging site during the 2014 general elections.The Indian Prime Minister has used social media to reach out to millions of people around the world, including the world's most powerful leaders.He has also used Twitter to highlight his close friendship with US
Jason Rezaian, a dual US-Iranian citizen, has been accused of passing information to "hostile governments".He defended himself in court, saying he had carried out his activities as a journalist, Iranian media reported.He is being tried in one of Tehran's revolutionary courts, usually reserved for political cases.
Amazon had received heavy criticism for its tax avoidance policies.
A man has died after his car left the road near the junction with Holly Lane in Guildford.
Jeffrey Spector, 54, of St Annes, Lancashire, died on Friday following a six-year illness.He had been living in Switzerland with his wife Elaine and three daughters when he decided to end his life at a Dignitas clinic in Zurich, Switzerland.He was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2010 and had been in a wheelchair for the past six years.He said he had been unable to speak and was unable to walk, but was able to walk with a walker.In an interview with the Blackpool Gazette last week, Mr Spector said: "If I am paralysed and can't
Wales are currently second in Euro 2016 qualifying group B, behind Belgium.
Pisky, Ukraine: A couple who refused to leave one of the most embattled places on the Ukrainian front. It was a perfectly clear, starlit sky. And below the stars, shining brightly, we could see the unmanned aerial drones searching for targets on the ground.The shelling and shooting went on. But alongside this murderous back and forth there was a more hopeful soundtrack.We heard it in the garden where Anatoliy tends his bees, in the kitchen where Svetlana cooked us dinner from the vegetables she grew and the eggs from her henhouse. It was the unrehearsed but determined music of
Time Warner Cable is also buying Bright House Networks, another cable operator, for $10.4bn.
Katie Milby, 13, has Morquio A, a degenerative syndrome which affects about 105 people in the UK.It leads to the progressive deterioration of mobility, health and stamina.
The dollar climbed 1% against a basket of currencies, and against the Japanese currency it rose above 123 yen
Water voles have been released at a nature reserve in south Wales as part of a wider ongoing water vole strategy.
The 33-year-old was injured at Colchester police station in Essex during a struggle when he grabbed hold of a toilet bowl in his cell.
Madagascar suffered five years of political turmoil beginning in 2009 when Andry Rajoelina ousted Marc Ravalomanana from powerAhead of the parliamentary vote, the US embassy in Antananarivo urged the MPs to put the stability of the country first.
This wasp takes its name from the dark creatures in JK Rowling's stories, because it paralyses its prey with venom before sucking its life away.
At least 40 people have been killed in air strikes in Yemen's capital Sanaa, officials say.At least 100 others were wounded in the strike, which reportedly struck a warehouse containing weapons.The commando unit is allied with Houthi rebels whose military capabilities the coalition has been trying to destroy.Residents of the Bakeel al-Meer area told the Reuters news agency that at least 40 people had been killed, mostly civilians."Houthi gunmen were attacking Saudi border positions from this area but the coalition's planes failed to hit the fighters and bombed civilians [instead]," one resident alleged.Other air strikes on Wednesday severely damaged a
The Palestinian delegation wants Fifa to suspend Israel from world football.The US investigation into corruption at the highest levels of the world's most popular game will have far-reaching implications for how the game is run - and who runs it.As news of arrests at the top of Fifa began to sink in, the organisation said it was planning to go ahead as scheduled with the election of its president - which was expected to result once again in a kind of coronation for Sepp Blatter, the great survivor of world sports administration.But there's another item on the agenda too - one that may still be troubling delegates far into
Northern Ireland companies are deferring decisions to invest in Northern Ireland due to the uncertainty over the future of the Corporation Tax, according to a major business organisation. Northern Ireland businesses are delaying investment in the province because of the uncertainty around the rate of corporation tax to be introduced in the Republic of Ireland from April 2017, a group of major business organisations has said. The Northern Ireland government has failed to pass legislation to allow Corporation Tax powers to be devolved to Stormont.
Bournemouth sign Australia's Federici from Reading. Former Reading goalkeeper Mark Federici has signed for Premier League club Bournheim on a one-year deal.
Breast cancer: Researchers say it may be possible to protect bone from a tumour's nefarious influence and consequently stop the cancer's spread. Researchers at the University of Sheffield said the tumours were effectively "fertilising" the bone to help themselves grow.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg says David Cameron's government has turned their back on the coalition's "liberal stance".
The device was stolen during the band's concert at Sunderland's Stadium of Light on 25 May
The North East Counter Terrorism Unit confirmed the teenager was questioned in April under section 5 of the Terrorism Act and later bailed.
French President Francois Hollande said the group "embodied the spirit of the Resistance".
Amanda Thompson, of Rochdale, Greater Manchester, collapsed after eating the strawberry dessert, the court heard.
The child was airlifted to Swansea's Morriston Hospital
Adidas, Gazprom, Hyundai-Kia, McDonald's, Budweiser, Coca-Cola and Visa are among the major sponsors of the Fifa World Cup. Adidas, Kia, Adidas and Visa have said they will pull out of their association with Fifa after the scandal engulfing the sport's governing body, Fifa, which has led to arrests and allegations of "rampant, systemic, and deep-rooted corruption".
Dennis Sheehan, who worked with U2 for more than 30 years, died on Wednesday night at the Sunset Marquis hotel in Los Angeles.He was the band's tour manager for 33 years.He called the hotel his 'home away from home'.He wasn't just a legend in the music business, he was a Legend in our band.
Lion Babe's Jillian Hervey and Pharrell Williams talk growing up with famous parents and what it's like inside Pharrell's studio. Lion Babe have their future guaranteed. They first came to attention with Treat Me Like Fire, a slinky, shapeshifting song that hits the sweet spot between pop, jazz and R&B.
Antiretroviral therapy should start when there are fewer than 500 white blood cells in every cubic millimetre of blood.
GoPro has announced plans to release its first consumer drone within the first half of 2016.The company's CEO said he was "surprised" to see how quickly the general consumer was adopting quadcopters, which are designed to capture video footage for virtual reality helmets.Mr Woodman also showed off a prototype mount that can hold six of his firm's Hero4 cameras, each pointing in a different direction.He said the resulting footage could be stitched together using software developed by Kolor - a start-up it bought last month - to create a single 6K-quality 360-degree image.This could then
A 25-year-old man has been detained following a CCTV appeal.
We've learned a lot about the end of the journey, the slave camps and mass graves in the jungles of Thailand and Malaysia. What we haven't heard so much about is how these journeys begin.We travelled to southern Bangladesh, where many of the migrants set off on their perilous voyages.What we have discovered brings a shocking new dimension to this story that speaks of the terrible desperation that is driving this vast movement of people.We met one of the people smugglers on what Bangladeshis proudly boast is the world's longest beach - a vast stretch of sand that runs for more than 120km along the southern coast.
A group of security staff jumped into cold chest-high water to free a man from a crushed car and resuscitate him. Three security staff at a car wash in Norfolk have saved the life of a man who was trapped by his seatbelt in a car that was upside down in a dyke.The men stopped when they saw what they thought was a broken-down car and some people running along the road at about 21:00 BST on Saturday.
Scottish universities and colleges are competing in a global marketplace and it's vital that government supports them in attracting the brightest academic talent not just from here in the UK, but from the EU and further afield Lindsey Paterson, from PwC
A blanket ban on legal highs, which are often sold online or on the high street, was in the Conservative Party's election manifesto and featured in the Queen's Speech
The hole, which opened up in Grays, Essex, on Wednesday afternoon, also caused a gas leakA National Grid spokesman said engineers were working to decommission a section of gas main where the sinkhole had caused a leak.Thurrock Council said experts believe a tunnel below the road - Hogg Lane - that links two quarries collapsed.
Mark H Durkan adopted the Belfast Metropolitan Area Plan (BMAP) without telling executive colleagues.The decision is being challenged in judicial review proceedings by the Finance Minister Arlene Foster.
Andrew Hocking, 57, of West Sussex, sexually assaulted four girls, aged between six and 12, from 1976 to 1990.
Ar Arlene Foster says she cannot move the budget bill required to give Stormont officials the legal authority to carry on spending money after the end of July.
The pair, believed to be friends, were taken to a police station in the West Midlands for questioning.
China's stock market is taking a breather after rising for the past 10 days in its longest winning streak since 1988.The Shanghai Composite was down 1.2% to 4,565.25 with analysts citing a number of reasons for.
The women, aged between 18 and 29, have been recruited on social media. Five of them are now living with IS militants in the conflict zones, according to a special investigation by Victoria Police.
Imax has 239 theatres in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
MattMatt Shepherd scored 15 points for the Duchy to end a run of two successive final defeats by the Red Rose countyShepherd's converted try and penalty saw Cornwall to a 10-6 half-time leadSteve Collins pulled a penalty back and Shepherd missed a three-point attempt of his own before Cornwall were reduced to 14 men on 27 minutesBen Hilton was sin-binned and Chris Johnson brought Lancashire back to within
India's annual growth for the year 2014-15 was 7.3%. It means the country has outpaced China's economic expansion for two quarters out of the last three.However, the country adopted a new way of calculating growth, which some experts say distorts the real picture.India said the new formula is closer to international standards.But it also now says growth between July and September was 8.4% rather than the 8.2% earlier stated.Economists have warned the data needs to be treated with caution since changes were made to the way in which the GDP figure was calculated.The Reserve Bank of
Legoland has been busy during half term. Legoland said it had spent £10,000 in the last year developing alternative entrance and exit routes.
Gold Hill Cheese Run is a tribute to a millennia of cheese making in the Blackmore Vale.
Corran "Coz" Powell, 21, died following the collision in Braintree, Essex, in December 2014His family is raising money to buy a particular area of land on which he dreamed about running outdoor survival courses for disadvantaged young peopleThe centre would also be used as a venue for new bands and charity events.
Sepp Blatter has refused to withdraw from the contest, despite the arrest of senior colleagues on major corruption charges.Mr Blatter, who is expected to win a fifth term, said: "I am appealing to unity and team spirit so we can move forward together."Mr Cameron's comments followed Mr Blatter's call for unity at Fifa as delegates prepare to vote on his presidency.He also said he would be "guided" by the Football Association (FA) chairman, Greg Dyke, over the question of whether the bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups should be opened.Mr Dyke suggested earlier that he would
Luton Town sign ex-Luton Town midfielder Jordan Morgan-Smith. Luton City midfielder Jordan "I want to try and get this club back into the Football League where they should be."
A plaque has been unveiled in Northiam, East Sussex, where a World War Two prisoner of war died in 1945. A World War II prisoner who died at the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp has been honoured with a plaque in a village where he lived.
Dortmund 2-1 Wolfsburg. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gives Dortmund the perfect start from close range, but Wolfsburg hit back through Luiz Gustavo, Kevin De Bruyne and Bas Dost to win their first German Cup.
Two men from Douglas and a 32-year-old man from Liverpool were held in connection with the discovery.
Northern Ireland's Denise White is one of five recipients of BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero award.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter: Some of his most memorable quotes. Fifa president Joachim Blatter has never been shy to air his views during his 17-year stint as president - BBC Sport looks back at some of his controversial comments.
The Solar Impulse, which has a wingspan bigger than a jumbo but weighs little more than a large car, left Nanjing at 02:39 (18:39 GMT).It is likely to take Mr Borschberg five to six days of continuous flight to reach his central Pacific destination.His progress will be monitored the entire way from a control room in Monaco.Meteorologists and flight strategists will constantly update him on the best route to follow.The journey is the seventh leg in the single-seat, propeller-driven aircraft's quest to circumnavigate the globe using just the energy of
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood: We need to learn how to win FA Cup. Aston Villa manager John Sherwood says his side have a "losing mentality" after losing to Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley. "We've stayed in the division but we have a losing mentality.
Alan Shearer: Why Arsenal's defensive display played as big a part as their attacking power. BBC pundit explains why Arsene Wenger's team's defensive performance played a big part in securing their one-sided FA Cup final win over Aston Villa.
The European Union has said that 89 people have been put on a list of those banned from entering Russia as part of sanctions imposed by the bloc against Moscow over its annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in March 2014.The EU called the ban "totally arbitrary and unjustified" and said no explanation had been provided.Many of those on the list are outspoken critics of the Kremlin, and some have been turned away from Russia in recent months.
The Gran Fondo was in the city for the first time, giving riders the option of taking on a 100 mile (160km) course or a shorter 37 mile (60km) route
A passer-by found two men unconscious and bleeding at the side of the road in Grove Lane, Handsworth
Retired General David Petraeus, the former head of the US Central Command, says Islamic State (IS) extremists cannot be dealt with "just with force of arms", he said in a rare interview.During the Iraq war, Mr Petraeus devised the strategy that saw a "surge" in US troop numbers and secured support from Sunni tribesmen against al-Qaeda.Iraq's US-backed army is now battling to retake territory seized by IS.Gen Petraeus described the group as "a formidable enemy"."It is really a conventional army that also has elements of an insurgency, and indeed significant terrorist elements as well," he
Gotzis Hypo-Meeting: Helen Ennis-Hill third on second day of heptathlon event. Helen Ens-Hill is third overall at the end of the second day at the second round of the heptathletics event at the Gotza Hypo Meeting in Gotzisi, Greece.
Almost half of fostered young people are already living with their third foster family since going into care, according to a new study.The group has warned that 750 more foster carers are "urgently" needed to meet the demands of the care system.It urged people to "open their hearts and homes" to vulnerable youngsters.
Scottish Social Justice Secretary Alex Neil urged the UK government to rethink its reforms.
Man's body found at Hedderley Walk, near St Ann's Well Road, in the St Anns area. A man's body has been found in a wooded area in the south-west of Manchester.
The Solar Impulse craft has flown more than 3,000km (1,860 miles) in about 40 hours, which is already the longest flight ever made by a solar-powered airplane in terms of both duration and distance.The pilot was 36 hours into what was expected to be a six-day journey from China to Hawaii.Mr Borschberg was just hours away from the point of no return - the stage in the flight where, if something were to go wrong, the plane would be too far from land to turn back and he would have to bail out into the ocean.The team decided this was not
New York's World Cup "viewing parties", where thousands gathered to watch games, and not just those involving the American national team. It is akin to the blanket condemnation that Americans lack a sense of humour or irony - this in the land of Jon Stewart, Tina Fey, Stephen Colbert, Chris Rock, Amy Poehler, Jerry Seinfeld, David Letterman and Garry Shandling.
Isle of Man finished second at the inaugural World Cup for nations and regions outside FIFA
Malcolm Layfield, 63, denies raping an 18-year-old from Chetham's School of Music in the early 1980s.
The card, dated September 25 1986, dropped through the letterbox of Gethin Davies from BonymaenBearing two 1980s Spanish stamps and a British second-class stamp.
NHS England says 95.1% of A&E patients are being seen within four hours. The NHS has praised its front-line staff for dealing with high workload demands during a tough winter.
Gary Hoy was abused by two men who were subsequently convicted.There have been allegations that a paedophile ring at Kincora was linked to the British intelligence services.
Ruskin College's governing body agreed to cut two of its six BA programmes and one of its three MA courses to save money.
Former paramilitaries should not be entitled to the proposed victims' pension, Sinn FÃ©in's Paul Gallagher has said.Paul Gallagher was 21 when the loyalist Ulster Freedom Fighters (UFF) took over his house with the aim of killing a republican who lived nearby.When they could not find their target, they shot Paul six times.He was left paralysed from the waist down. He suffered injuries to his legs and eyes.He told Spotlight that allowing injured paramilitary to avail of the pension was a price worth paying."It's a tough one. Say somebody was seriously injured, even by their own
Australia's economy grew 0.5% in the March quarter of 2014, beating expectations for 0.4%.
Denis O'Brien was granted a high court injunction in May to stop RTÉ reporting details of his personal finances.
A public inquiry has been launched into plans for a new housing estate in Maidstone, Kent, to be built on the site of an ancient woodland.Opponents fear the development will destroy ancient woodland and cause traffic gridlock.Developer Croudace Homes said the number of homes had been reduced from 600 and efforts made to cut the impact on the woodland of building a new road.Barbara Woodward, from the NAAG, said: "People are very upset.
Louise Richardson said terror groups were characterised by a "highly oversimplified view of the world".
However, councils receive the overwhelming bulk of their money from the Scottish government.Education is the biggest service councils provide, and the biggest challenge facing councils just now is money.Council tax, which makes up most of the rest, has been frozen since 2007.The latest council funding agreement obliged councils to maintain teacher numbers or risk losing money.Some councils objected to this - arguing this amounted to micro-management in their affairs, and claiming there was more to raising attainment in schools than simply maintaining teacher numbers.While the government strongly disputes the Conservatives' use of figures, there is little doubt that some council education budgets are under scrutiny as councils
"very focused on disabled issues".He added he was also in talks with "senior writers" about a play on the main Olivier stage addressing similar themes.Norris was speaking at a public debate on diversity in UK theatre at the NT in London.Act for Change, which organised the event, revealed statistics that showed over the Easter weekend only one actor with a "visible disability" had been noted across all theatre sectors, (the West End, regional and subsidised).
Etxabeguren spent five years with Real Sociedad
Monitor is looking into the financial sustainability of Southend University Hospital Foundation Trust.
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias has suffered a fracture in his right hand after he tried to grab a drone camera at a concert.
Dixons Carphone shares were up 1% after it said full-year profits were set to be slightly higher than previously forecast.
Sunderland winger Jack Johnson pleads not guilty to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16.
The stranding is thought to have been triggered by the female having problems while calving
The parade also commemorates Yeovilton's 75th birthday.
Lufthansa Group has imposed a 16-euro (£11.60; Â£17.80) fee on online travel agencies, including Expedia, Opodo and ebookers.It marks the latest effort by the airline industry to steer customers towards its own websites.One expert said this not only helped cut airlines' costs but also allowed them to them promote add-on services.However, the booking services suggest their own platforms are often easier to use and help keep prices low.The move is expected to be damaging to the former, while allowing its own site to appear the most attractive option on the latter.
Donmar Warehouse's Les Liaisons Dangereuses is based on the scandalous 1782 novel by Choderlos de Laclos, which told of sex, intrigue and betrayal amongst aristocrats in pre-revolutionary France.Janet McTeer and West co-star as ruthless former lovers Marquise de Merteuil and Vicomte de Valmont.
The Royal Welsh Regiment of Wales is a regiment of the Royal Welch Fusiliers.
Ibrahim Halawa, the son of the most senior Muslim cleric in the Republic of Ireland, was arrested during a siege on the Al-Fath mosque in Cairo in 2013.His family said he had taken refuge in the building during violent clashes between supporters of ousted president Mohammed Morsi and the security forces.On Wednesday, a hearing in his case took place, with Irish officials in attendance.But it could not proceed as 16 defendants were not present in court, according to the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs.Defence lawyers requested that the trial would not proceed during the forthcoming Ramadan period and the judge agreed to adjourn the matter until 2 August,
Rents for grade A offices have risen to £15.50-per-sq ft over the past year, according to commercial agents.But they are still well below the UK average of £24.
East Dunbartonshire council needs to save £22.3m by 2017/18. The Accounts Commission said there was a risk services could not be maintained without improvements in the way the council was run.
Tracey Crouch: More needs to be done to'stamp out' sexism in sport. A survey of women in sport has found that sexism is "totally unacceptable" in the UK, according to figures from UK Sport.The survey was carried out as part of Women's Sport Week and other findings included:.
Infrastructure minister Keith Brown has confirmed that officers have discussed a feasibility study on linking the rail line.
Councils in England are facing a £1.1bn shortfall this year, on top of "almost unendurable" cuts since 2010.
Clwyd West Tory MP David Jones said he backed proposals for "English votes for English laws" but it was important to define clearly what those issues were.He said many of his constituents used public services in England and many voters there relied on Welsh hospitals.
Cancer and end of life care contracts in Staffordshire could be awarded to the private sector. A group of organisations, also featuring two local NHS trusts, has come together and was the last remaining bidder in the process.
Five charged men are due to appear at Oxford Magistrates Court on Thursday
Franetricola died at Sulby Crossroads, becoming the 141st fatality at the races since they began in 1907Organisers added that the coroner of inquests had been informed and an investigation was under wayClerk of the course Gary Thompson said: "Franck showed incredible character to battle back from the serious injuries he suffered at the North West 200 last year when many a lesser man would have given up."It showed his determination to compete on the mountain course.""The road racing community has lost a remarkable man and I extend my deepest sympathy to his family and friends."Petricola suffered multiple fractures and a head injury after
Francisco Palomo was shot at least 12 times by gunmen in Guatemala City.
The Irish Human Rights and Equality Commission said seven years of austerity resulted in the burden of the crisis falling disproportionally on those least able to bear it.
Firefighters were called to a building site in Bloomery Circle, Llanwern, at 21:15 BST on Wednesday.
FTSE 100 down 91.22 points on fears of competition probe. Energy watchdog Ofgem says it is looking into whether two or more companies providing a supporting service for the energy industry have breached competition law.
Liam McGinty has signed a new one-year contract with the Shots.
The road was closed for five hours to allow collision investigators to examine it.
At Coventry City College, staff more used to teaching hairdressing or construction have been set the challenge of teaching English and maths GCSEs to students who did not achieve the benchmark C grades at school.
Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley died in a small room at Walmer Castle in Kent.The military hero who defeated Napoleon Bonaparte in 1815 stayed at the Kent castle regularly from 1829 until.
Redditch-based Sigma Financial Group has opened an office in Priory Queensway, in the city.
The Smiler ride at Alton Towers in Dovedale, Derbyshire, has been closed for the rest of the week while the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) continues its investigation into the accident.The park's chief executive, Peter Varney, said he was "shocked" by what had happened.He said: "Dan is an amazing friend and colleague who I have known for many years. Dan is hugely popular and has many close work friends. We are like a big family at The Izaak Walton and Dan's absence whilst he recovers from this awful ordeal will leave a huge hole here
Northern Ireland's welfare system was created in the aftermath of the Troubles by Sir William Ewart Gladstone, the first Prime Minister of Northern Ireland.He said: "It preserves the maximum of individual freedom and responsibility which is consistent with the abolition of want."The concepts which he developed laid the foundation for the welfare state.But 73 years on, want has not been abolished.Much discussion over welfare at Stormont has focused on the "most vulnerable" and how they would be affected by changes to benefits.What policies would be for the best is a matter of debate.But among people who currently receive benefits, the
The UK job market saw a slight slowdown in May, according to a report by KPMG and the Recruitment and Employment Confederation.
Winston Rea's recorded account to Boston College researchers.He's a man who has health difficulties.
Some Bloody Sunday families criticised the police investigation in a letter to Detective Chief Inspector Ian Harrison from Peter Madden of Madden and Finucane.
Welsh health minister apologises for scandal. Wales' health minister has apologised for the scandal on the Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital, Bodelwyddan.
The environment department said anyone who injures, kills or disturbs Arctic Terns could face prosecution
The victim, who cannot be named to protect her safety, was abused for more than 10 years, bearing two children.Violence against women is endemic in Afghanistan and victims of sexual abuse are often themselves jailed for "moral crimes".I met the victim for the first time last year after the trial against her father was suspended with the judge asking for DNA evidence.She was pregnant as a result of the abuse and held her four-year-old on her lap."This is my daughter and my father's daughter," she said. "She is the result of my father raping me. We are both mother and daughter and sisters
A ban on the use of e-cigarettes indoors will come into force in Wales, health ministers have announced.Tattoo parlours will also need licences under the Public Health Bill.The new tobacco and e-cigarette measures will mean:This final measure is proving the most controversial and is likely to come into Force in 2017, but a precise date has not been given.There are already around 350 tattoo and piercing shops with licences in Wales but there are many others, including tattooists, who have called for a ban.It is a recognition that ACCs Wales, local health boards and the BMA are in favour of
Lisanne Beck, 47, allegedly performed a sex act on Simon Murphy, 48, during a Paloma Faith set in September
The General Medical Council has produced the guidance to make surgical and non-surgical procedures, such as facelifts, breast implants, dermal fillers and Botox, safer.
He was a founder member of the Royal Shakespeare Company.
A former chief executive of a Welsh health board has moved to London to receive treatment for breast cancer.Mary Burrows said her consultant in Wales advised her to go to the Royal Marsden Hospital, Surrey, for the next stage of her treatment because the drug she needed was not available in Wales.A £200m-a-year cancer drug fund was set up in England in 2011.
On its website Curzon Cinemas Victoria said: "Due to a burst water main, Curzon Victoria has had to close tonight (Saturday 6th June)."
The council's environmental and public protection scrutiny committee will consider proposals on Monday.
Sudan President Omar Hassan al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet.The new government will comprise a total of 31 cabinet ministers.In addition President Bashir has also appointed governors for Sudan's 18 states in what he has vowed will be a "new page" for his country,Speaking at his inauguration last week, the president said that he wanted to repair ties with the West, tackle corruption and bring peace to the country.Another priority is restoring Sudan's ailing economy.But simply replacing ministers and governors will not bring change.Instead, the way Sudan is governed will have to improve if the country is to escape from its
Mexico elections: President Enrique Pena Nieto's PRI set to win about 30%, with the conservative National Action Party on about 22%, said the head of the National Electoral Institute.On current projections, the PRI will see its number of seats drop slightly.The run-up to the poll was marked by violence with drug cartels blamed for the deaths of several candidates.
Novak Djokovic loses to Stan Wawrinka in French Open final. Swiss eighth seed and former Wimbledon champion Stan Wawsrinka wins the French Open title after beating top-seeded Serb Jan-Lennard Struff in the final to become the first Swiss to win a Grand Slam title at Roland Garros.Media playback is not supported on this device
Japan's economy expanded by 1% in the first three months from the previous three, up from an initial estimate of 0.6%.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after he allegedly drove a bulldozer to a house and flattened it, police say. A 48-year-old man is expected to be charged with about 11 offences over the incident in Teralba, outside Newcastle.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been criticised for saying that Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has declared "zero tolerance" for terrorism. "We know solution for everything, but not terrorism.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter: 'You could only reach your goal by taking dollars in your hands'. Guido Tognoni worked "extremely closely" with Fifa's president Seppe Blatter during his second term. Fifa's audit and compliance committee chairman says the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding process could be cancelled if there is evidence of bribery.
An in-out referendum on EU membership could be held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish elections.
Summer Wroniecki broke a bone in her leg when the inflatable was blown about 150 yards into the crowd at Duffus Park in Cupar, Fife, on Saturday afternoon.
At the age of 102, Ingeborg Rapoport has finally received the doctorate that the Nazis stole from her. A 102-year-old German woman who was prevented from defending her doctorate by the Nazis has finally been awarded it back at the end of a special ceremony at Hamburg University Medical Centre in east Berlin.Ingeborg was born in Cameroon in 1912 and studied medicine in Hamburg before moving to the US where she went back to university, finally to qualify as a doctor.But because of Nazi oppression she has had to wait almost eight decades before being awarded her PhD.Her mother was a Jewish pian
Falkirk Local Government Pension Scheme Fund contribution could pay for up to 300 new homes.
Elton John loses his cool during Gloucester concert. The pop legend lost his cool when he picked out a female steward, telling her: "You put a uniform on and you think you're Hitler."
He has been bailed to appear before Hastings Magistrates' Court on 1 July.
She will talk about her life outside of politics.
Pensioners' deaths 'continue to be treated as unexplained'. Police are investigating the deaths of two pensioners in Ballycastle who may have been dead for a number of weeks.
A worker at Devonport Royal Dockyard in Devon was exposed to radiation last year, the Office for Nuclear Regulation (ONR) has said.The radioactive cooling water was mistakenly discharged into a submarine reactor compartment, the ONR said.
Three London schoolgirls who travelled to Istanbul on their journey to Syria have been released without charge.
ItalyItaly is struggling with a huge surge in migration, with nearly 6,000 people rescued from the sea just this weekendMore than 50,000 migrants have arrived in Italy this year, most of them setting sail from Libya aboard unsafe vesselsMore than 1,500 people have drowned while making the Mediterranean crossing this yearThe deaths have prompted an EU effort to boost naval patrols off Libyan watersThe rescued migrants are brought ashore to centres throughout Italy, where they are expected to remain until their claims for asylum within the EU have been processedSpeaking to reporters after the G7 summit in Germany, Mr Renzi said the EU had to acknowledge that its current
Former MP Greville Janner accused of child sex abuse in Scotland. Police Scotland are investigating allegations against former Labour peer Lord Janner in Scotland, it has been reported.The former MP has consistently denied all allegations against him.
Shaving armpit hair has nothing to do with hygiene, says Chinese woman. A Chinese woman has launched a competition to get women to take ownership of their bodies.
The three-year-old male lion, which escaped from the Karoo National Park, is believed to have left the park, near the small town of Beaufort West, through a hole under the fence.
Using special receivers, researchers said they were able to track up to 30 planes simultaneously flying at altitudes of up to 10,000ft (3km).But they say more work has to be done."Questions around resilience and service standards need to be answered and we'd need to explore formal agreements with the broadcasters, but this is very exciting."
Ghana has not been affected by the epidemic in West Africa, which has killed more than 11,000 peopleGhana is the only open gateway to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone thus allowing the movement of thousands of Ebola responders and medical and essential supplies when they were most needed
Cpl James Dunsby's body appeared to be "shutting down" on the Brecon Beacons in July 2013The 31-year-old's temperature was 40.4C (104.7F) - well above a normal 37CHe was one of three reservists to die from overheating on the 16-mile (26km) march on a.
Eritrea's foreign ministry said the UN's allegations were "totally unfounded and devoid of all merit".
The closure of the tunnel near Linlithgow in West Lothian will mean rail services between Edinburgh and Glasgow will be severely hit.The work is part of a Â£750m upgrade to enable faster, bigger and greener electric trains to run on the line.The disruption will last from 13 June to 27 July.Engineers said the tunnel closure was necessary so tracks could be lowered to create space for overhead power lines for the new trains, which will be introduced at the end of next year.The upgrade is the latest phase of the Scottish government's Edinburgh Glasgow Improvement Programme (EGIP).Train operator ScotRail has
Two men have died after they got into difficulty while swimming in the Llanberis beauty spot in Gwynedd.
Johanna Amunjela, a PhD scholar at the University of Aberdeen, in the UK, is among the first in the world to investigate the role that specific proteins have in how the disease develops
Global energy consumption "slowed sharply" to an increase of just 0.9% in 2014.
Barbara and Colin Sellins, from Southborough in Kent, do not have any immediate family and wanted to make sure their funerals were paid for. They have been told it is unlikely they will get back the Â£4,000 they spent.
Sir Tim Hunt reportedly told a conference in South Korea women in labs "cry" when you criticise them and "fall in love" with their male counterparts.He told the BBC he "did mean" the remarks but was "really sorry".The society said Sir Tim's comments did not reflect its own views.Sir Tim, 72, who was awarded the Nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 2001 for his work on how cells divide, reportedly told the World Conference of Science Journalists: "Let me tell you about my trouble with girls. Three things happen when they are in the lab: you fall in love with them, they fall
Denis O'Brien obtained the injunction to stop RTÉ from reporting details of his personal finances and relationship with former Anglo Irish Bank.
Jurassic World is the third highest-grossing film in 2014, behind Marvel's The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy. Jurassic World has become one of Hollywood's most bankable stars in the past year.Jurassic World is one of the most successful summer blockbusters of 2014, according to early box office figures.The film opened in 66 foreign markets in total, earning $307.2m (£198m). China accounted for $100.8m (£65m) - almost 20% of its total haul.
Dr Helen Nicoll, 53, was found dead at home in Frog End, Great Wilbraham, Cambridgeshire, on Friday
The full list of Tower Hamlets mayoral candidates is:
Janet Jordon, 48, her daughter Derrin, aged six, and her partner Philip Howard, 44, were found in a house in Vicarage Road, Didcot.
The FBI seized computers and mobile phones from the home in October, after celebrities including Jennifer Lawrence had pictures stolen - apparently via a hack on their Apple iCloud accounts.The FBI said no charges have been filed at the current time.Last summer's scandal highlighted the vulnerabilities of cloud computing - which allows personal information to be stored on the Internet and accessed from any device.The affidavit - a sworn statement to the court - has identified eight celebrities by their initials only: AS, CH, HS, JM, OW, AK, EB and AH.One of the identified stars learned she was a victim of the leak through the news media.
The cylindrical device was between six and eight inches long (15-20cm)
The producer won the best picture Oscar for the first Rocky film in 1977, which was written by its star Sylvester Stallone.Rocky producer John Chartoff has died at the age of 84, his daughters have confirmed. The producer, who produced all seven Rocky movies, has died aged 84.
The Thinning Blue Line report released today by Reform Scotland, on how more Scottish police officers are solving fewer crimes, is a good case study.Here, I pose and attempt to answer some key questions.........On the face of things, the report's findings are correct.On a per officer basis, the clear-up rate has decreased from 12 to 8 between 2006/7 and 2013/14The report argues this shouldn't be happening when crime rates are falling, and there are now more than 1,000 additional officers to work on fewer recorded offencesThere are a couple of problems I found when I quickly dug a little deeper
The Arches has received £11.2m of public funding over the past 20 years
The Sturtridge Pavilion will be replaced by the Barwell Stand, a move which will increase the capacity of Franklin's Gardens by 1,900.
The Home Office has made it clear that "there is no provision in the Bill to enable the licensing of so-called low-harm substances" arguing that there are difficulties in defining low risk and that it might "send out confusing messages about the safety of new psychoactive substances".I am told that the hand-picked committee was divided on whether low-harm substances like amyl nitrate (poppers) and nitrous oxide (laughing gas) should be included.The final report was drafted by Home Office officials but some members of the panel, which included three people who also sit on the AC
Vincent Uzomah, who is 50 years old and understood to be supply teacher, was attacked at Dixons Kings Academy at 08:55 BSTHe was stabbed once in the stomach with a knife during a science lesson but is in a stable condition, police saidThe teenager was arrested in the city centre following an extensive manhuntDet Supt Simon Atkinson, from West Yorkshire Police, said the teacher was attacked in front of other students."There were a number of pupils who witnessed this incident, which took place in a classroom, and they are currently liaising with specially trained officers who are obviously supporting them at this difficult time."This
The charity said not every young person was aware of what constituted a criminal act under hate crime legislation.
Virgil Runnels, which was his real name, was announced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). His long and glittering career, which began in the late 1960s, earned.
Chandigarh Rock Garden sculptor dies after suffering a heart attack. Indian sculptor Chand Chand, who used rubble from the city's construction to create sculptures at the 20-acre Chandi.
A body has been found after a fire at a house in Lewes, Kent, which has been ruled accidental.The fire blew out the windows of the property on Lewes Road, initially leading to reports that there had been an explosion.
British tourists jailed for three days after stripping on Mount Kinabalu. A British tourist and three other foreigners have been jailed in Malaysia after they were accused of causing a public disturbance by stripping off their clothes on a mountain peak.The group was blamed for a magnitude 5.9 earthquake in May. British tourists Eleanor Hawkins, Canadians Lindsey and Danielle Peterson, and Dutchman Dylan Snel were sentenced to three days in jail and fined 5,000 Malaysian ringgit (Â£860/$1,330).
Sandra Bullock voices the movie's villain, Scarlet Overkill
Rebecca Minnock and her son Ethan disappeared from Highbridge, Somerset, on 27 May, the day a court ruled he should live with his fatherShe told newspapers she knew it was wrong but she could not give Ethan upDet Ch Insp Marie Wright told her: "You don't have to carry on hiding.
A tanker carrying highly-flammable ethanol caught fire on the M8 motorway near Lesmahagow. A tanker was closed in both directions for several hours after it caught fire.
KenyaKenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for an end to foreign aid.Dependency on giving that only appears to be charitable must end.The BBC's Robert Kiptoo in Kenya says it is not a government policy but a rallying cry
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from their workforce, according to a new report.The Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission says these firms draw from a small pool of graduates, who probably went to private.
Titan Arum produced a bud several weeks ago, which has recently been growing at several centimetres a day.But up until Friday morning it had not been clear if it would produce a leaf, or a flower.It will be the first time the so-called "corpse flower" has ever blossomed in Scotland.It gets its name from the stench of decaying flesh it produces, to attract insects to pollinate it.Staff at the Garden said "it's going to be incredible" when the full bloom shows.But that could take at least a week.The corm was gifted to the Botanic
The Port of Grangemouth container terminal is being resurfaced under a Â£1.5m investment programme by owners Forth Ports.
Corey Anderson will miss New Zealand's remaining one-day internationals in England.
She admitted public indecency along with three other western tourists, one Dutch and two Canadians.
Michael Graydon, 29, disappeared on 21 February and his body was found almost two weeks later on private landThe inquest revealed authorities in Monaco kept his brain, heart and lungs after a post-mortem examinationThe coroner said he could only record an open conclusion as the pathologist was unable to give a cause of deathThis meant UK authorities were already aware body parts were missing ahead of the inquestThe family were told of the missing organs just before the hearing beganSister-in law, Carly Billiau, said: "I feel very distressed. I feel that our family have been kept in the dark from the very start
James MacMillan is to be knighted for services to music and contemporary composition, while children's author Aileen Paterson is awarded an MBE.Motor neurone disease (MND) campaigner Gordon Aikman is awarded the British Empire Medal.John Muir, who has campaigned against knife crime following the murder of his son, receives an OBE.Dr Lena Wilson, the chief executive of Scottish Enterprise, the national economic development agency, is recognised for her efforts with a CBE.Nicky Campbell, a regular on TV and radio for years, has spoken openly about his experience of being adopted and is
Sport England is funding the routes in the Bewsey and Dallam areas of the Cheshire town.
Shakin' Stevens has been named as the winner of the BBC Radio Wales Song of the Year award.The pop singer from Ely, Cardiff, topped the list following an online vote from a shortlist of 30 greats.In second place was Blackwood-born James Dean Bradfield of Manic Street Preachers, with musical theatre performer John Owen Jones coming in third.Sir Tom Jones and Dame Shirley Bassey, finished fourth and fifth respectively.Picking up his award, Mr Stevens said: "The fact that it's a public vote means a lot to me, so a big thank you to the people who voted
US security personnel or their families open to blackmailThe agency involved, the Office of Personnel Management (OPM), is yet to comment on the reportsOfficials, who spoke on condition of anonymity to the Associated Press (AP) news agency, believe the attackers have targeted the forms submitted by intelligence and military personnel for security clearancesThe document includes personal information - everything from eye colour, to financial history, to past substance abuse, as well as contact details for the individual's friends and relativesA 127-page vetting document called Standard Form 86 may have been accessed.Initial estimates put the number of people potentially affected at four million, but officials close
Kate McCann set off from Edinburgh on Saturday morning with about 20 other cyclistsThe five-day challenge is in aid of the Missing People charityIt will pass through Newcastle, York, Nottingham and Northampton before crossing the finish line in London on WednesdayMrs McCann is an ambassador for Missing People and last year launched Child Rescue Alert, which has seen more than 250,000 people sign up to receive alerts when a child is feared to have been abductedHer daughter Madeleine was three when she went missing from the family's holiday apartment in Portugal's Algarve on 3 May 2007The case has become one of the most famous missing persons cases
A man in Germany has been injured after an elephant got out of its enclosure at a circus and attacked him, police said.The man, 65, was walking in woods near the town of Buchen when he encountered the female African elephant, called Baby.The 34-year-old elephant was later captured and returned to the circus.Police are now investigating how the elephant got.
Greece is trying to agree a funding deal with the European Union and IMF before the end of June to avoid a default.The talks come as Germany ramps up pressure on Greece.
Talha Asmal, 17, was one of four suicide bombers who attacked security forces near an oil refinery south of Baiji, The Guardian has reported.Isis social media reports said Asmal.
Team GB's Tom Benson wins gold in the men's triathlon at the European Games in Baku. Team GB triathlete Tom Benson has won the gold medal at the World Series event in Azerbaijan.The 21-year-old's success also guaranteed Britain a berth in the event at the Rio 2016 Olympics.
A post-mortem examination gave the cause of Mr Appleton's death as a stab wound to the chest.
Florence and The Machine's How Big, How Blue slipped to number two, with Collabro's Act Two at threeEd Sheeran's X climbed six.
Philae, the first spacecraft to land on a comet, was dropped on to the surface of Comet 67P by its mothership, Rosetta, last November.It worked for 60 hours before its solar-powered battery ran flat.The comet has since moved nearer to the Sun and Philae has enough power to work again, says the BBC's science correspondent Jonathan Amos.An account linked to the probe tweeted the message, "Hello Earth! Can you hear me?"On its blog, Esa said Philae had contacted Earth, via Rosetta, for 85 seconds on Saturday in the first contact since going into hibernation in
Diabetes UK Cymru says there are now 177,212 people in Wales living with the condition.
The Irish government has introduced a blanket ban on the sale of psychoactive substances in the Republic of Ireland.The ban, known as the Criminal Justice Psychoactive Substances Act, was introduced five years ago.Before the law was passed, there were about 100 so-called "headshops" selling legal highs across the state, but that number has since been reduced to zero.Det Supt Howard said many of those who operated the headshops quickly complied with the new law."Essentially the industry themselves realised that the legislation was quiet strong and they actually co-operated with us and handed us over any residual product which they
The Israeli foreign ministry has released a report saying that 2,125 Palestinians had been killed, including 936 militants and 761 civilians, with the status of the remaining casualties unknown during the 2014 Gaza conflict.The report said that Hamas militants disguised themselves as civilians and converted civilian buildings into military centres.
England boss Roy Hodgson will be pleased with his side's performance against Slovenia in Ljubljana
Greece must repay more than €1.5bn of loans to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) at the end of the month and promise further economic reforms to receive around €7bn bailout funds, which have been delayed by three months amid growing fears the government has run out of money altogetherSticking points between Greece and the IMF and EU remain reforms to VAT, pensions and a primary budget surplus target for this year and next yearTalks were reported to have broken up after just 45 minutes on SundayGreek deputy prime minister Yannis Dragasakis said that Athens
Manuela Carmena in Madrid and new Barcelona Mayor Ada Colau are the most striking examples of the change, having led completely new political organisations to success. In Madrid, Ms Carmena's Ahora Madrid and Barcelona en Comu was formed by leftists, Valencian nationalists and greens in 2010.
Russia are third in their group and are facing the prospect of needing to win a play-off to reach the tournament.
The competition organised by village leaders in Bibipur, Haryana attracted nearly 800 entries from all over the country
A facsimile of the 1215 Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln on the anniversary of the charter's sealing.
The drugs were found in a wheelie bin at the back of a car driven by Callaghan at Beechwood Crescent in Derry on 13 June last year
The Obamas held a private party on Saturday but said little else.
Two men, who were arrested on Saturday in Larkspur Croft, were bailed on Monday.
Airbus has said in the past that a "Brexit" might change its plansAirbus UK's chief executive, Paul Kahn, said that if the UK voted to leave the EU in the planned in-out referendum, Airbus would reconsider future investment in the UKOn Tuesday, Mr Bregier admitted he would have to make a judgement about what the consequences would be for the competitiveness of his business following the referendumHis comments come as ministers tabled an amendment to the EU referendum bill on Monday evening, ruling out holding the plebiscite on 5 May 2016, the same day as Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish assembly elections and local elections
The Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, held $47 trillion (Â£30tn) in private wealth last year as the number of new millionaires rose in China and India.
CPI inflation turned negative for the first time since 1960, mainly due to a drop in air and sea fares.
Philip Larkin to be honoured in Westminster Abbey's Poets' Corner. A floor stone dedicated to the poet will join the names of the country's best-loved poets including WH Auden, TS Eliot and William Wordsworth. The floor stone will be unveiled on 2 December 2016, the 31st anniversary of the poet's death.
Former Fijian rugby player Matavesi senior was left paralysed in an operation last year, and this week a capacity crowd of 3,000 turned out in his honour.The former Fiji international, who was born on the island of Vanua Balavu in Fiji, played for Cornwall's South Crofty rugby club in the 1980s before moving to the UK in 1985 to play for Camborne Rugby Club in Cornwall.He would go on to become an iconic figure in Cornish rugby, paving the way for other Pacific islanders to play rugby in the UK.He made such an impression during a match in
Crawley midfielder Conor Henderson has signed a one-year contract with Crawley Town.
Soldier 1B said he did not realise his son had gone "off track" until 16:10 BST when he had been expected at the next checkpoint at 15:34 BST
An unsolicited email from Apple inviting publishers to join the service presumes acceptance of the terms, unless they actively opt out.It requires them to cover Apple if legal issues arise, among other things.Apple, which is due to launch the app later this year, refused to comment on the row.
NHS Highland chairman Garry Coutts said: "We welcomed the opportunity to give evidence to the committee and we believe we have fully co-operated.
Everything Everything's Jonathan Higgs: 'I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't you be a stranger'. Everything Everything are mired in violence and destruction. They're not the usual topics for a top 40 chart act, but that's exactly what alt-pop band Everything Everything have been writing about over the past year.
Are the Americans able to kill what Sheikh Osama lived and fought for, even with all their soldiers, intelligence, and agencies? Never! Never!
Dudley Muslim Association offers Dudley Council £325,000 to drop court action.
Poundland's growth is part of a wider UK success story: the unstoppable rise of the discount retailers.It's a story that reflects just how Poundland, despite the cheap and cheerful image, is a tightly managed business.Poundland might look a bit basic - the ultimate in pile-it-high, sell-it - but this is a sophisticated firm with big plans for expansion.It is using the funds from last year's £750m flotation on the London Stock Exchange to open more stores with each chain opening an average of 33 shops compared to the 16 opened by each of the bigger players.
Shadow Education Secretary Jeremy Hunt wants the GCSE system updated to include academic and vocational subjects.
The Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) said it was difficult to keep the vessel Millennium Time on a steady heading before it struck a tug on the Thames.
She was the first woman to win the prestigious Copley Medal, and she remains the only British woman to have won a Nobel in the sciences.Lise Meitner's work in nuclear physics led to the discovery of nuclear fission - where atomic nuclei split in two.This laid the groundwork for the atomic bomb.After moving to Berlin in 1907, she collaborated with chemist Otto Hahn over many decades.Her work helped her husband, Joshua, win a Nobel prize in 1958, but she was not cited in the award.Another neglected pioneer is the astronomer Henrietta Leavitt, who helped change the way we
Niccolai Culligan and Eoghan Schuster were both past-pupils of St Mary's College in Rathmines, Dublin.Mr Culligan, who had dual US-Irish citizenship, lived in California while the other five who died all had home addresses in Ireland.Mr Donohoe and Mr Schuster had dual Irish-American citizenship and were both students at UCD.The two Irish students who died were students at University College Dublin (UCD) in Dublin, and some of their friends were also students at the school.The university is offering its counselling and student support services to the bere
Kevin Hyland said the problem of such exploitation was "enormous"The Home Office said it was "committed to tackling modern slavery" and was addressing specific issues in NigeriaThe commissioner, who has only been in post for six months, says he can't think of anything more worrying than women and children being raped and forced into domestic servitudeMr Hyland, the former head of the Metropolitan Police's human trafficking unit, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I am extremely concerned about this.This isn't just a one-off - it's continuous - so the treatment of these people, what they go through,
Sexual offences against children under 18 were recorded by police in England and Wales in the year up to April 2014, the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC) has said.The charity said the rise was the biggest increase in six years of requesting the data. It is probable sexual offences are actually falling despite cases coming to light in recent years, he added.
Sterling has rejected the offer of a new £100,000-a-week deal.
The Welsh Local Government Association (WLGA) dismissed the proposals, saying there was "no political consensus" on the future shape of councils, either across political parties in the assembly or between Welsh ministers and local authorities.Mr Andrews's blueprint envisages the return of historical counties such as Dyfed and West Glamorgan.Dyfed would be brought back by re-merging Carmarthenshire, Pembrokeshire and Ceredigion, and West Glamorgan would return by joining Swansea once more with Neath Port Talbot.Bridgend would join Rhondda Cynon
The BBC, in collaboration with tech company This Place, has developed a way people can select programmes using a cheap, brainwave-reading headset.
Sion Davies, 25, died after falling off a balcony at Anthony Munkley's Caia Park estate flat in Wrexham last October. A drug dealer has denied murdering a man who was stabbed, shot with a crossbow and pushed, or fell, from three storeys up.
A 64-year-old man from Ramsey has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of Andrew Bedford, 27, who was last seen in September 1990.
Ulster Bank has said it is working to get payments to customers affected by a software upgrade.A spokesman for the bank said they were "working flat out to get these payments updated for our customers no later than Saturday".
A man has died after he was found in a car in Riddrie.Albert Anthony Smith McDonald, 58, was found with head injuries on Cumbernauld Road at 21:25 on Monday.He died on his way to hospital.Officers said the car driver is assisting with their inquiries.Police said Mr McDonald's family were "completely devastated" by his death.
Edinburgh will host the 2016 finals, with both being played at the new Grand Stade de Lyon over one weekend
Boko Haram: Vigilantes celebrate success in Borno. A vigilante group celebrating a successful operation with the military against Boko Haram in northern Nigeria has been killed in an accident.
Irish ministers have said they want the UK to stay in the EU and will not stay neutral in the forthcoming referendum.The UK is the Irish Republic's largest trading partner, with one billion euros in weekly trade between the countries.Ireland's Public Expenditure and Reform Minister Brendan Howlin said there were serious concerns about the possibility of a UK exit.
Firefighters battled the fire in Littleborough, Rochdale, for several hours.
Thailand's aviation sector joins 12 other developing countries, including Nepal and Sierra Leone, that have been downgraded to Category 2 from Category 1 by the organisation for its safety standardsAn audit in January by the United Nations body had found that Thailand s aviation authority had a shortage of technical officers and issues with certifying the transportation of hazardous goods
India's police say they have arrested the man who raped a nun at a convent in the state of West Bengal last month.The incident caused outrage in India and led to street protests in many cities across the country.The man, allegedly a Bangladeshi citizen, was arrested at a railway station in Kolkata (Calcutta).This marks the sixth arrest in the crime.Police have identified eight suspects in the attack, of which two still remain untraced.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has pledged to lift a ban on Somali-linked firms operating in the country.The ban was imposed after Somali militant Islamist group al-Shabab killed 148 people in an attack on Garissa University College in north-eastern Kenya.
The man, who has not yet been identified, was last seen alive at 20:45 BST on Tuesday 9 June
1st Armoured Division Signal Regiment and 16th Signal Regiment will join 22 Signal Regiment at Beacon Barracks as part of a wider shake-up of defence bases.
The Phoenix Tent will also host New York indie pop outfit The Pains of Being Pure at Heart.
All the big gaming companies including Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony are showing off what they've been working on.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing in Heysham, Lancashire.
Linda Clarke, who had cut her wrists and walked out of hospital before sitting on a ledge over the M602 in Salford.
Flooding was caused by a burst water main on Coombe Road
The fishermen are fine but had a lucky escape. They had no mobile phone signal to raise the alarm.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of the murder of Dr Imran Farooq, a leader of Karachi's MQM party.
The Danish People's Party (DPP) is now the biggest party in the right-bloc. It was expected to make huge gains, but on election night it was clear that it had done even better than expected - increasing its share of the vote by 8.8%.
The number of head and neck cancer cases in Wales is increasing.
Lee Nicholson, 39, from Newcastle, was enlisted by Clare Humble to help dispose of Peter Hedley's body.
The Home of the Owlz, a minor league baseball team in California, has announced a "Caucasian Heritage Night" promotion to celebrate the American heritage of its players.The team is associated with the Angels, a major league team in Los Angeles.On Wednesday night, nine people were shot dead in an African-American church in South Carolina in what police termed a hate crime.The Owlz are a rookie-league team - the most entry level division of the minor leagues.The league is designed for new players hone their skills.On Friday, the team's Twitter account posted a picture of the mascot, a
Two people were injured in a crash on the A9 north of Berriedale in Caithness at about 14:00.
A three-week-old baby boy has died after being attacked by a dog in Northumberland.The boy, named locally as Reggie, was attacked at a house in Falkland Road at about 04:15 BST.He was taken to hospital where he later died.Northumbria Police said a 30-year-old man had been arrested in connection with the incident.Police said the family's dog posed no threat to the wider public and is now in secure kennels.More than 200,000 people a year are estimated to be bitten by dogs in England, according to research for the British Medical Journal.Since
The Galapagos tortoise, known as Speed, had been in geriatric decline for some time.Keepers at San Diego Zoo had used acupuncture and hydrotherapy to treat his arthritis.
Narendra Modi boasts that he does yoga for an hour every morning but he looked a little stiff as he joined 37,000 other people to perform a series of asanas - yoga positions - on the lawns outside the Indian parliament in celebration of the first UN World Yoga DayMr Modi had consistently said he wouldn't be taking part in the record attempt but in the event he stretched and puffed his way through the 35-minute routine with the rest of themSome say he simply couldn't resist the opportunity for an image that will undoubtedly appear in newspapers around the world tomorrow morningAnd that's in keeping with the real spirit of this event,
Two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon
The 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo has seen a series of events re-enacting important moments.Events have been staged in Belgium and the UK to remember the battle.A procession to mark the occasion has also taken place in central London.A horse-drawn chaise post retraced the route taken in 1815 from Old Royal Naval College, in Greenwich, to St James's Square, where news from Belgium was delivered to the Prince Regent.Major Harry Percy left Belgium carrying a letter written by the Duke relaying news from the battlefield to an expectant nation.But the ship carrying the dispatch began
The VC10 entered service with the RAF in 1966 and had the ability to carry up to 124 troops at a time
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is being questioned at Queens Road police station, Bridgend.
A woman has been taken to Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales with unknown injuries after a crash in the Butetown tunnel.
A painting of Neuschwanstein Castle in Bavaria sold to a Chinese buyer for £71,000 (100,000 euros).
Dumfriesshire Council has announced plans to open a weather centre in the town centre.The centre will be used primarily to research ways to improve responses to weather-related emergencies such as flooding.A report to the council's policy and resources committee will give a full update on progress to date.
Police have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Parma: Former baseball player Mike Piazza and businessman Giuseppe Corrado end interest. Parma have ended their interest in the bankrupt club, and cannot now register for Serie B.
Land Reform Bill will end tax relief for shooting estates and force the sale of land if owners are blocking economic development.However, it has been described as a "land grab" by opponents.The Scottish government has set a target of doubling the amount of land in community ownership from the current 500,000 acres to one million acres by 2020.But landowners have claimed re-introducing the rates could make some sporting estates unprofitable and force gamekeepers out of work.It has proposed using the additional money raised by ending the tax exemption to treble the Scottish Land Fund - which is used to help support community buyouts
Guid Nychburris celebrations started early with police cyclists escorting about 200 horses through the traffic in Dumfries.
Philip was taken out of the pen and given first aid on the pitch.Nurse John Boyle said he worked with a St John Ambulance volunteer to try to resuscitate Philip but after "three or four minutes" he decided there was nothing more he could do.He added that during the crush he "started to fall to the floor" before someone grabbed his jumper."For quite some time my feet weren't on the floor by the person holding my jumper and other people keeping me up."
Slievenacloy dig opens another door into the past. For the first time, the dirt has been dug up by archaeologists eager to find out more about our ancestors.
Swift had argued that Apple withholding payments during a three-month trial period was not fair for artistsBut photographer Jason Sheldon said the singer herself did not "play fair" when it came to image rightsSome of the claims he has made in an open letter to Swift have been disputed by representatives of the 25-year-old singerIn it he wrote: "If you don't like being exploited, that's great - make a huge statement about it, and you'll have my support. But how about making sure you're not guilty of the very same tactic before you have a pop at someone else."With all due respect to you too
The government said it wanted to ensure that militants with dual nationality who were fighting overseas could not return to Australia.
Sister Nirmala Devi, the former Superior General of Missionaries of Charity in Kolkata, died on Tuesday at the age of 92.
Part of the M20 has been closed as lorries wait to cross the Channel.The action by MyFerryLink workers has also caused Eurostar services to be suspended for the day, after protesters got on to the tracks.The Foreign Office has warned travellers to keep their car doors locked in slow moving traffic heading back to the UK.A spokeswoman for the Prime Minister David Cameron said he was being "kept updated" on the situation.Truckers have been being advised not to stop within about 60 miles (97km) of Calais, to stick with other drivers and keep padlocks on their vehicles.The
The pound jumped by 0.85%, or more than one euro cent, to â‚¬1.4072, although against the dollar.
Lara Clarke, from Brownhills, has previously made near-life-sized cakes of Hollywood stars Johnny Depp and Jennifer Lawrence.
Friends, collaborators and fans have been paying tribute on their social media accounts
A man was airlifted to Royal Stoke University Hospital in Staffordshire
Nigeria is Africa's biggest oil producer, but most of its citizens are poor.President Muhammadu Buhari has vowed to recover billions of dollars "stolen" under previous administrations.
Experts say the sinkhole opened up after heavy rain put pressure on the surface of the course.
Dumfries police control room service closed despite local campaign. Police Scotland has closed its control room centre in the south of Scotland despite a local campaign for its retention.
Nigeria Football Federation (NFFF) has suspended Ivorian goalkeeper Vincent Keshi and Super Eagles captain Vincent Enyeama for comments they made about safety and security in Kaduna for a 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier.
People in the Midlands give more than a quarter of the UK's total licence fee but only receive 2% of its investment.
Boko Haram militants have killed at least 22 people in two attacks in northern Nigeria, officials say.The attacks came a day after two female suicide bombers attacked the north-eastern city of Maiduguri, killing at least 20 people.
A cat has died after being shot by an air rifle in an area near to where he was found stabbed.The 14-month old tabby and white called Pumbaa was found bleeding in a Peterborough alleyway on Saturday.The stab wound was so deep the vet was unable to operate before Pumba died.It is unclear whether the two incidents are linked.RSPCA inspector Justin Stubbs said: "These were two shocking and completely senseless attacks."Pumbaa's owner, Kirsty Cracknell, 29, of Croyland Road, said:.
A police helicopter has accidentally turned on its loudspeaker allowing members of the public below to hear them. Those listening say they heard pilots swearing and discussing oral sex.
RoboCup: A team of robots trying to take on and beat their human World Cup winning counterparts in 2050. The robots have been programmed to spot colour rather than shape, but they are not very good at gaining possession - especially if they spot someone such as me, wearing red shoes, which they mistake for the similarly red, but round, ball.
Russian state TV has been suggesting - somewhat gleefully - that such products could be banned in retaliation for the EU extending economic sanctions against Russia.The European restrictions were introduced last year after Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine; Moscow hit back with counter-sanctions in August, targeting EU producers' profits.The sanctions limit access to Western financial markets for state firms. They also ban arms trade and the export of equipment used in specific oil projects.Calculating their precise impact is impossible as the restrictions were imposed at the same time as the price of Russia's chief export, oil, plummeted.But Russia's economy shrank 2
Vivian Gabb, a pilates and tennis coach from London, was in the final stages of buying a house when the scammers struck.
American Apparel's board of directors has said it does not expect former chief executive Dov Charney to return to the firm.The board said it did not expect him ever to return.
Omar Al Shaikh and Amie Cresswell, both 16, tied the knot in front of family, friends and patients on a ward at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham.
Tornado GR1 - extensively involved in the 1991 conflict - has no engine, or guns and the wings have been removed for transportation purposes
Business Secretary Sajid Javid told the Green Investment Bank's annual meeting he would start "exploring options" to bring in private investors.
Gatwick Airport chief executive Stewart Wingate said the results proved Gatwick was the best site for the UK's next runwayThe Airports Commission is expected to recommend new runway capacity at either Heathrow or Gatwick later this summerThe airport recorded 906 air traffic movements on one day in August, a world record for a single-runway airportIt has also boosted income from airport shopping by more than 10% to £149m by upgrading its North and South terminalsGatwick, though, is introducing new long-haul flights to Turkey, Russia and Indonesia and the Middle East.The Commission, led by former Financial Services Authority chief
US stock markets closed lower after a US appeals court ruled that tax subsidies that make health insurance affordable for low-income individuals can continue.
Britain's population grew by 450,800 people (0.84%) in the year to mid-2014, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said. The UK's population increased by 491,100 from mid-2013 to the end of 2014, according to official figures.The UK's annual growth in population rose steadily from about 150,000 in 1992, but that rose sharply in 2005 to 460,000.It has remained above 400,000 since - 2014's net increase is the fifth biggest.Migration Watch, which supports tighter immigration controls, said the increase "will only worsen the housing crisis and put
Scar Cuthbert has not played for Wales since their 26-23 win over Scotland in February
The US Supreme Court has ruled that tax subsidies that make health insurance affordable for low-income individuals can continue.The ruling preserves the law known as Obamacare, which Mr Obama considers a major part of his presidential legacy.Republicans have vowed to continue fighting the law.
Mandy Fader, professor of continence technology at the University of Southampton, says their design has changed "very little" in 80 years. In the BBC News website's Scrubbing Up column, she criticises low investment from industry and "weak" regulation.She also criticises catheter manufacturers: "What's needed is for industry to wake up and invest more heavily in new catheter designs and... materials that resist infection."
The data was connected with the departments of defence, justice, the treasury and energy as well as the CIA and the director of National Intelligence.
England boss John Ashworth defends decision not to call up Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jack Wilshere. England manager Gareth Southgate has defended the decision not call-up of players to the Under-21 squad for the Czech Republic, saying it was the right thing to do. England's youth teams are there to help develop players and give them experience to get into the seniors, according to England manager Gary Ashworth. England head coach John Ashton defends the decision to not call up players for the U21s squad to the European Championship. England boss Gareth Ashworth has defended his side's decision to select
Manchester City Under-21 assistant coach Simon Davies is using digital technology to explain to a bunch of slightly unfit reporters how he wants a coaching drill involving the use of overlapping players to develop.And just as Mr Davies successfully cuts through the surrounding noise, so the club is attempting to cut through the increasing business "noise" - all the playing and supporter data it is endlessly accumulating and managing.The club, which has been at the forefront of data analytics, has signed a new deal to help it make sense of all this data.At the more prosaic - but financially important - level, CFG says the SAP deal means it will
Florence Welch has replaced Foo Fighters, who pulled out when frontman Dave Grohl broke his leg.
The Melton Fields project would have consisted of 510 houses and a care home.
John Porter's brother Mike, 66, died at the scene after the men were knocked to the ground by cows in Wiltshire.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) said the Thai response showed how freedom of speech had been eroded since the army seized power last year.
LeedsSuper League side Leeds have given Bank of Ireland six months' notice to end their lease at the ground. Leeds Super League side have given a six-month's notice to take back ownership of their ground.
The giant Amorphophallus Titanum has a strong smell of rotting flesh.
Sri Lanka captain Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.The 37-year-old, who had already quit one-day and Twenty20 cricket, will finish his international career on home soil, in the second of the three-match Test series against India in August.He announced his decision during the second Test match against Pakistan in Colombo and confirmed he has opted out of the third and final match."This is my time to call it a day,".
A huge recovery of what were believed to be controlled substances were recovered in a pre-planned operation in Staffordshire.
Argentina claims sovereignty of the islands, which it calls the MalvinasThe oil companies named in the case are not based in Argentina and it is not clear how the measure will be implementedDrilling for oil in the territorial waters around the Falklands began in 2010 despite opposition from Buenos AiresJudge Herraez says the new ruling will take steps to try to seize the companies' assets abroadThe five companies mentioned are: Premier Oil Plc, Rockhopper Exploration plc, Falkland Oil and Gas Ltd, Noble Energy Inc and Edison International SpaThree of the companies are British-based
A motorbike has left the road north of Archers Way in Conisborough, near Doncaster.
Tunisia attacks: The beach where Seifeddine Rezgui stood on Friday, pulled a Kalashnikov from his parasol and unleashed Tunisia's worst ever terror attack, has already reopened. But the emotional scars of the tragedy that took place will live on for a generation. "I saw six of our loyal customers die, people who always came to this hotel. They were like brothers to me. This beach should be full of life now. But it's deserted."Sabi pauses, looking at the rows of empty sunbeds. "We will fight", he says, his lip quivering, tears welling
Two boys, aged 12 and 13, were seriously injured in the attack in Havant, Hampshire, on Friday.
Convicted murderer David Sweat, 35, was shot twice and captured less than two miles (3km) from the Canadian border.
Justin Gatlin celebrates his 200m world-record time in Oregon.
Chennai is the sixth Indian city to have the metro after Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore, Mumbai and JaipurThe Chennai metro was inaugurated on Monday by Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J JayalalithaThe first train was driven by a 28-year-old woman, A Preethi, an engineering diploma holder, reports say"I am excited, my daughter's dream of becoming a loco pilot (driver) of Metro Rail has come true"She quit her first job, applied for a job in Chennai metro rail, and she was
Israel says it acted in international waters to prevent the "intended breach of the maritime blockade" imposed since 2009 against the Hamas-run territory.There was no violence as the navy searched the boat, Israel says.The activists said they wanted to draw attention to the blockade, which Israel says is a necessary security measure.
Adrian Evans, 44, from Tipton, died along with his father, Patrick Evans, 78, and nephew Joel Richards, 19, from Wednesbury.
Andy Murray: Ladbrokes places £175,000 bet on Scot to win Wimbledon. The wager on Andy Murray to win the Wimbledon is the largest tennis bet ever placed in Scotland.
Joel Richards, 19, from Wednesbury, was among 38 killed when a Tunisian student linked to Islamic State extremists opened fire on a beach in Sousse on Friday.
The Greek government says the EU-IMF bailout terms are unacceptable, but cannot simply be rejected without the Greek people having their say.The Greek government's surprise decision to call that vote scuppered its bailout talks with eurozone ministers.The Greeks have very little time to prepare for a referendum whose outcome could decide their future in the euro.
Hawking's lecture coincides with BBC Radio 4's plans to mark the 100th anniversary of Albert Einstein's general theory of relativity
Swansea University's School of Management has been accused of sexual harassment and bullying by two professors.Staff claimed to have been publicly humiliated, verbally and physically intimidated, and "told to leave if they didn't like it".Both men have been asked to comment but neither has responded.
Former head of Irish language programmes, controller of programmes and deputy director general at Irish state broadcaster, RTÉHe was also involved in politics - standing as a Fianna Fáil candidate
US security assistance has been withheld since 2011, when the Gulf state put down mass Shia-led protests.The move was quickly criticised by rights groups.
The highest temperature ever recorded in the UK was recorded at Heathrow on Wednesday, the Met Office has said.A level 3 "heatwave action" heat-health alert has been declared for all parts of England.The Met Office said the reading had been registered at.
UKIP MP Sam Gould said the proportional representation element of the assembly electoral system would give UKIP "six or seven" seats, if it repeated its general election performance.
Jonathan De La Haye wins Jersey's seventh shooting gold medal at the 2015 Island Games. Jonathan De la Haye and Nick Dewe return to the podium after winning Jersey's sixth shooting medal at this year's Island Games in Guernsey.Jonathan De LaHaye wins the men's individual sport trap, beating Dan Bishop of the Isle of Wight by a single point.
Police found 692 plants worth around £800,000 at Queens Court, Bridgend.
La Gloria was all American. Beautiful, American houses. The Methodist church was there and the Episcopal one was over there," she says pointing from the porch of her small tin-and-timber home.Like many Cubans of her generation, Ms Martinez speaks of her youth before the 1959 revolution with a mixture of romanticism and nostalgia."I have to defend the Americans because lots of people were hungry and they gave them work and food in the orange and tangerine groves."Now La Gloria is not good for anything."That is not a view shared by those working at the local farming cooperative named after revolutionary hero Camilo
Pop Recs Ltd hosted in-store gigs by acts from Franz Ferdinand to James Bay.It also earned the group an award for Britain's hardest-working band from the Association of Independent Music.
Donald Trump accuses Univision of stifling his freedom of speech. Donald Trump says Univision has stifled his right to free speech in order to boost the Democratic Party frontrunner, Hilary Clinton.
The man had just rescued a young girl from the river, Cumbria Police said.
Queen Victoria's pants expected to fetch several thousand pounds. A pair of pants worn by Britain's Queen Victoria are expected to sell for several thousands of pounds at auction.
India has failed to address human rights violations committed by Indian security forces in Kashmir, Amnesty International says.The report says not a single member of the armed forces has been tried in a civilian court for violating human rights.
Cameroon striker Yohan Assou-Ekotto returns to St Etienne.
Caitlyn Jenner has been named one of the top 10 women in the world who have had an "exceptionally large impact" on society, according to the 2015 Woman's Hour Power List.Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star Jenner, formerly known as Bruce, is at number seven.She revealed her transition to Caitlyn on the cover of Vanity Fair last month.The former Olympian, whose famous children include step-daughter Kim Kardashian and daughter Kendall Jenner, is honoured for bringing the experience of being a trans woman to a global audience.
Mu Muhammed Mannan has diabetes and his wife Minera Khatun has cancerThe couple live in Luton with other family membersThe family was reported missing to police by two sons, understood to be Mr Mannan's from a previous marriageOne of the sons declined to talk to the BBCPolice said the family flew to Bangladesh on 10 April and flew back to Istanbul on 11 MayThey were due back at Heathrow three days later but failed to return.It is believed the family stopped in Turkey on their way home before entering the war-torn countryA statement from relatives in the UK said they were "devastated"
New Horizons' 23-second thruster burn will adjust very slightly its speed and arrival time.The spacecraft needs to take a very calculated path past Pluto and its moons, to ensure its instruments point where they are supposed to on the 14th. The probe is due to scream past the dwarf world on 14 July at almost 14km/s and at an altitude of just 12,500km.
English MPs will have a veto in the House of Commons when debating matters that have been devolved to the devolved administrations, the Conservative government has announced. English MPs - and in some cases English and Welsh MPs - will be allowed to vote on certain bills in the Commons, it has been announced.
Markit's latest Purchasing Managers' Index fell to 53.6, from 54 in May, the lowest reading since October 2013.Although any reading above 50 indicates expansion, analysts said the strong dollar was weighing on factory orders.
The collapse of the Icelandic banking system led to a bank run and a plunge in the value of its currency.The Icelandic central bank was unable to act as an effective lender of last resort, and the country was forced to impose capital controls to prevent massive outflows and the collapse of its banking system.The collapse of Iceland's banking system was the result of the failure of the Cypriot banking system, which had grown to over nine times GDP, a size that made it impossible for Iceland's central bank to act effectively as a lender oflast resort. The Icelandic banking collapse led to the Icelandic government imposing capital controls.
The BBC now accounts for 97% (£84m) of total public service broadcasting spending on children's programmes.Spending by ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5 on children’s TV has dropped by 74% to £3m in 2014.The review points out there is "very limited provision of non-animation programming beyond the BBC".The review found that, despite the success of big budget dramas like Downtown Abbey and Doctor Who, the amount of new UK drama being shown on the main channels has fallen from 627 hours in 2008 to 371 hours in 2014.
A train carrying a flammable, toxic substance has derailed near Knoxville, Tennessee.
Iran's nuclear programme: Why is it judged so important to stop Iran?I asked Sir John Sawers, chief British negotiator with Iran from 2003 to 2007, and after that the UK's representative on the UN Security Council when sanctions against Iran were being decided.She told me: "Ultimately, ultimately, the negotiations are about making sure that Iran’s nuclear programme remains transparent to the international community.It would make them partly invulnerable to any response to their unacceptable behaviour in the region."She said: "If there is an agreement then, first of all, it gives everyone much greater assurance that Iran is not
ScotRail said it aimed to run two-thirds of its services and buses would replace trains on some routes.
A video uploaded on Facebook showed Callum Clatworthy-robins consuming a fish won at a fair in Bridgend county in March.
Dominique Cottrez earlier confessed to suffocating her children after giving birth secretly at home near Lille.She then buried the bodies in the garden of her parents' home and at her own home nearby.
A turtle has been found dead on a Queensland reef after being filmed by a camera.The charity says the turtle was followed during the filming and the camera collected at the end.It hopes the project may help find out why.
Immigration minister James Brokenshire said he hoped the DFT system would resume within weeks.
The Queen's Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, would would be resurfaced with astroturf
Alison White made the Bishop of Hull in a service led by Archbishop of York Dr John Sentamu.
A pregnant woman and her young daughter were threatened by a gang of men who held a gun to the head of a woman who was clearly heavily pregnant and absolutely terrified, police say.
Ed Miliband's successor, Keira Knightley, has said she is the only candidate in the race to succeed him as Labour leader who would not connect with aspirational low and middle income voters.Labour's Kendall, Burnham and Burnham are all "continuity Miliband" candidates, she said. Labour's Kendall said she made no apology for calling for a complete change of approach, claiming that "if we stick with what we have been saying for the last five or eight years, we will have the same result."I think I am the only person in this race that isn't continuity Miliband.
Grant Clarke was left in urine-soaked sheets and had his emergency buzzer taken away from him, the Nursing and Midwifery Council tribunal heard. Grant Clarke, 43, suffered a devastating brain haemorrhage, leaving him paralysed down his left side, doubly incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate.
Wimbledon 2014: Andy Murray plays Andreas Seppi in third round. Third seed Andy Murray prepares to play Andreas Seppei in the third round of the Wimbledon tennis tournament. Andy Murray is through to the last 32 of Wimbledon for the first time in his career as he takes on Italian Andreas Sempi in a third round match on Centre Court at around 17:00 BST.
Rio de Janeiro will be the first South American city to host the Olympics.Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff says the country will rise to the challenge and will organise a safe and successful Games.
Asian man with backpack with a wire hanging out of his bag. An Asian man has said he was "humiliated" after being removed from a London Underground train twice for being found with wires in his backpack.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, left home in February to join the Islamic State (IS) group, and two of them are now married.The Bethnal Green Academy pupils flew from Gatwick to Turkey on 17 February after telling their parents they were going out for the day.They later entered Syria and are thought to be in Raqqa, the self-styled capital of the so-called Islamic State.Mr Akunjee said the girls had contacted their families "some weeks ago" to tell them of the marriages, which took place "some time
Jack Sexty, 25, from Bristol, bounced non-stop on the spot for 10 hours 21 minutes at an event in Philadelphia
The Forth Bridge has been nominated as a World Heritage Site by the United Nations.The decision was announced at a meeting in the German city of Bonn after the UN's cultural committee spent more than a year considering its nomination.Scotland's other World Heritage Sites are New Lanark, St Kilda, the Old and New Towns in Edinburgh, Neolithic Orkney and the Antonine Wall.The award puts it alongside the Pyramids of Egypt, the great Wall of China and the Sydney Opera House in terms of cultural significance.The bridge, which spans the Firth of Forth between South Queensferry on the outskirts of Edinburgh
Wimbledon 2014: Ivo Karlovic has the best serve and how do you prepare for facing it?Media playback is not supported on this device Q) What is your pet preference after dogs? (Alexander Broadbean)That's a good question. I think with what I do for a living, having cats is actually not a bad thing because they don't need as much attention as dogs.I had a hamster when I was a kid, called Whisky. He escaped down the floorboards never to be seen again and I was absolutely devastated.He's a boy and wolfs his food down. He's
A 75-year-old man has died after being rescued from the sea at Tywyn, near Aberdovey, North Wales.
The Nigeria Football Federation has decided to exercise its option to summarily terminate the employment contract of Stephen Keshi with the Federation with immediate effect.
Pep Lijnders joins Liverpool academy coach Sean O'Driscoll as first-team coach. Liverpool have announced the appointment of England Under-19s head coach Pep O'driscoll to take over as head coach of the club's academy.
Some 563 were held or arrested by Port of Dover police officers last year - up from 148 in 2013, a BBC Radio Kent Freedom of Information request shows
Dr John Hinds was a consultant at Craigavon Area Hospital in County Armagh.He regularly worked at the North West 200 motorbike races in County AntrimDr McSorley told BBC NI's Good Morning Ulster on Monday that an investigation into the cause of the accident was under way."John was not racing, he was riding his road bike.
(Photograph by Raul Roman)Pham An Thic (left) served in an artillery unit from 1965 to 1977 and was the only son in his family who survived the war.His mother, Dau (right), now almost blind, remembers receiving the letters from the government announcing that her other four sons had been killed."I didn't know how they had died," she said."I wasn't special. I just knew that they were gone. Losing a child is the greatest sadness."Thic's wife (centre) waited for him for 12 years. She was working in the rice fields when one
Monet's water lily Agapanthus Triptych of 1916 - 1919 will be on show at the Royal Academy of Arts, London
FormerMinister lost his Yeovil seat in May's general election after 14 years as the constituency member.
Two more explosive devices were found at law firms over the weekend, but they were detonated by police, and no one was injured.
Operation Stack is the name given to a queuing system where lorries waiting to cross the Channel park on closed sections of the M20.Last week, it reached unprecedented levels when Stack was extended to phase four for the first time in its history - residents nearby reported "absolute bedlam".Queues of 4,600 lorries stretched back 30 miles, the daily cost to the UK economy was estimated at Â£250m, and emergency teams handed out more than 18,000 bottles of water to truckers stranded during a heatwave.
Sports Minister Carál Nί Chuilίn says she has accepted the resignations of the remaining board members at the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure. The remaining members of the Sport NI board have resigned.
Victoria Police posted a public appeal on Monday to locate Daniel Damon who is wanted for failing to answer bail for traffic and drug matters.
A judge ruled it was in the public interest and the interests of justice to make it available.
The breach happened 10 days ago when the council's website service provider, which is based in England, was targeted by hackers.
Union members within Argyll Ferries are also to walk out.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring hit the headlines in April after painting her house in red and white stripes.
Burundi's electoral commission says it has held a parliamentary election in the capital, Bujumbura.The president says he is entitled to a third term because he was appointed for his first term, not elected.
The US women's national soccer team will be paraded down Broadway in New York City on Saturday to celebrate their World Cup victory.The players will ride an open-topped bus down a stretch of Broadway commonly known as the Canyon of Heroes.
Guatemala ex-dictator General Rios Montt found mentally incompetent. Guatemala's former dictator General Manuel Zelaya has been found to be mentally incompetent, a medical examiner has declared.
Antony Jenkins, the chief executive of Barclays, has been fired after falling out with the board over the size of the investment bank and the pace of cost cutting.Mr Jenkins, who became chief executive in 2012, was told in the last few days that the board no longer had confidence that he was the right man to lead the organisation.It is thought that Sir Mike wants Barclays to retain its global presence as a major investment bank whilst Mr Jenkins felt it should be cut back.It has been made clear to me that Mr Jenkins was seen as having done a good job steadying the bank after the previous chief executive, Bob Diamond
The United States is no longer so keen to exert leadership in an increasingly messy world.The upshot is that the United States has lost its fear factor, which is why the world has become so disorderly.
The Public Administration Committee said it would seek written evidence and publish an interim report before the summer recess later this month.
This one was widely mentioned during the election campaign.This is the rise in income tax on dividends, which will raise about £1.5bn a year for the Exchequer.And the Treasury reckons that will raise just under £2bn in 2020-21.
The exhibition, From Dark to Light, explores the work of artist Victor Noble Rainbird, who was born in North Shields in 1887.Mr Rainbird joined the Northumberland Fusiliers in 1914 when he was 26-years-old and served on the Western Front at Ypres, Passchendaele, Vimy Ridge and Armentieres.Some of the drawings he produced while on active service have survived and are included in the exhibition.After the war, Rainbird made several return trips to France, Belgium and the Netherlands, producing some of his most impressive works.He died aged 47 in
Minister for Culture, Arts and Leisure Mary Ní Chuilín has announced a number of measures to support Sport NI.She has also decided to appoint a number of civil servants to the board of the organisation.In effect, the arms-length body is now under hands-on control by the Department of Culture.
US moves to seize more than $1bn in assets from Malaysian PM Najib Razak. The US has said it is moving to seize assets linked to the 1MDB scandal, which has led to the resignation of the country's prime minister.The US Department of Justice alleges $3.5bn (£2.6bn) was misappropriated from the state-owned 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB) fund, which was set up by Mr Najib in 2009.
Baltimore police chief Anthony Batts replaced with deputy Kevin Davis. Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says she is replacing police commissioner with his deputy, Kevin Davis, for an interim period.
Perry Beeches III was opened by the Prime Minister in September 2013.The report said too many students were underachieving and described teaching as "inadequate".It also accused the school's leadership of having an, "unrealistic and inaccurate" view of the school and added students' behaviour required improvement.The school's headteacher, Darren Foreman, its senior leadership team and chair of governors have resigned, Mr Nolan said.Mr Nolan has taken on the role of interim head teacher, together with Jackie Powell.He said: "Within six months you will see us back on the top."
George Osborne's stated aim was to create what he called a "new settlement". That's politician's code for re-writing the rules of politics to suit your side.So it is that he did something rather surprising - slowing and softening spending and welfare cuts now having promised faster and deeper cuts in the run up to the election.But hold on - below those headlines are some potentially eye-watering cuts to benefits - the cuts to tax credits for families will dwarf the pay rise many will get.There are cuts too to Whitehall budgets on the same scale as seen over the past five years - though where they'll hit
The Patron's Lunch will be attended by 10,000 guests.
Brazil: Illegal logging in the Amazon region. The BBC's Sarah Robbins speaks to a selection of people there about their concerns and the problems they face.
The Northern Ireland Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has agreed to take the lead in an investigation into the sale of assets owned by the Republic of Ireland's National Assets Management Agency (Nama).It is understood the PSNI asked the NCA to lead the investigation because of the complexity and scale of the investigation.The NCA has a level of expertise and resources not available to PSNI.They include a specialist economic crime unit and a financial intelligence unit.Those units contain specialist investigators like forensic accountants and technical experts. The NCA also has an international reach and works with other agencies throughout the world, including
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, according to new research.
Greece and the eurozone isn't yet fixed, not even close.My confusion stems from the proposals for tax, benefit and economic reform submitted by the.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPPC) has been criticised for its handling of the Azelle Rodney case. A family of a man killed by police in south London has called on the police watchdog to stop failing families in its investigations into the death of their loved ones. The IPCC has been accused of failing families who have died at the hands of the police in the past.The IPCC has come under fire for the way it handled the investigation into the shooting death of Sean Rigg, who was killed by a police officer in north London in 2008.In a letter to the IPCC, the family of the man killed
South Africa's Law Reform Commission argues that is unfair and says holidays from all religions should be treated equally. The commission noted that members of other religious groups do not get paid when they skip work to observing their own holidays.
A man has been convicted of raping a woman in Manchester in 2002.The victim reported the rape to police in 2002 but the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) decided no action should be taken.A fresh investigation was launched in 2013 when the victim reported it again.A 59-year-old man was arrested and bailed in connection with the incident.
Australia v England: Ian Bell and Joe Root score 60 and Ben Stokes 42 as England reach 289 all out to set Australia 412 to win. Ian Bell scores 60 as England surge further ahead in the third day of the first Test against Australia in Cardiff. The hosts claim Australia's last five wickets for 44 runs on Friday morning to bowl them out for 308 and secure a first-innings lead of 122.
The Office for Nuclear Regulation (ONR) has also warned Devonport in Plymouth might need enhanced monitoring until 2020 unless improvements are made.Babcock, which carries out the refitting for the Ministry of Defence, said safety was its "highest priority".The ONR said its "enhanced regulatory attention" meant the once-a-month inspections of HMNB Devonport had "more effort and managerial attention".Its latest annual report blames safety concerns on "ageing facilities" and "increasing demands" as well as "stretched resources" for an unscheduled refuelling of HMS Vanguard later this year.
Almost one million people have been evacuated from coastal areas in anticipation of the typhoon, the National Meteorological Center said.
Kilmarnock sign former Rangers captain Craig McCulloch. Former Rangers and Wigan Athletic midfielder Craig McCulloch joins Kilnarnock on a three-year deal to team up with Gary Locke.
The discovery of the town lying along a hill-slope near Winterborne Kingston has been described as "extremely significant"
The girl, who suffered "extensive dog bite wounds to her face" in the attack in Stoke-on-Trent, is being treated at Birmingham Children's Hospital.
How did this massacre happen?Myriam Francois-Cerrah explains,
The BBC's Mohamed Madi went to Soho's Greek Street to find out
The funeral of Jim and Anne McQuire, the other Scots couple killed in the Sousse attacks, took place on Friday.
Biologists estimate that albino deer occur once every 100,000 births, so this is really unusual.
Aleppo citadel collapses after bomb blast. A bomb has caused the collapse of part of the wall of the citadel overlooking Aleppo's Old City, a monitoring group says. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the explosion occurred in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Plans for more than 4,000 student 'beds' to be developed in Belfast over the next few years.
A couple in Singapore has taken a unique approach to their wedding photo shoot by staging it in a waterway park instead of an actual cemetery. The couple, Jenny Tay and Darren Cheng, both undertakers, said death played a "central and important part" in the photo shoot, taken for their upcoming wedding in October.
The FTSE 100 had gained 0.97%, or 64.57 points, to end at 6,737.95.
The country is struggling with huge debts and it's affecting the lives of lots of people who live there.
Ethiopia: 'We are grateful to Britain and the international community for their help, but I think we'll [become self-sufficient] in five or 10 years'.
Joaquin Guzman, the head of the Sinaloa cartel, has been indicted by at least seven federal district courts.He is accused of overseeing the smuggling of huge amounts of drugs from South and Central America to the United States. He is also facing charges of money laundering, racketeering and arms trafficking in courts as far apart as Arizona and Texas.But since his 2014 arrest in Mexico, there has been little movement on the extradition front.While US courts were arguing about who had the best case against Guzman and should therefore get priority putting him on trial, Mexican officials were making it clear they were in no rush
Northern Ireland's National Assets Management Agency (Nama) is the Republic of Ireland's "bad bank", set up to deal with toxic loans after the 2008 property crash.The UK's National Crime Agency (NCA) is investigating Nama's Northern Ireland deal after cash was transferred to an Isle of Man bank account.Parties to the deal deny wrongdoing.Mr Robinson says the claim is "without one iota" of evidence.Mr Creighton and Mr Watters also issue denials.First Minister Peter Robinson appears before the finance committee and again rejects the suggestion he was to benefit financially from the Nama deal.He tells ML
Miriam Briddon died after the collision involving her Fiat Punto and a Volkswagen Golf.
Jules Bianchi has shown "no significant progress" since crashing into a recovery vehicle last October at Suzuka, his father has said.
The Vicarage Field shopping centre in Barking has been bought by Benson Elliot, a UK-based private equity property fund manager.
Two men and two women have been charged with aggravated trespass and entering a security restricted area of an aerodrome.
The soldiers from the 2 Scots battalion of the Royal Regiment of Scotland are being sent to Kabul to help train the Afghan army.
David Cameron said the SNP's position was "entirely opportunistic" and that he only had a "slender and fragile" majority.The government's decision to reschedule the vote came as anti-hunting protesters gathered at the Houses of Parliament to protest against changing the law.The changes would have brought the Hunting Act in line with Scotland, where an unlimited number of dogs can be used to "flush out" a fox to be shot, compared to just two in England and Wales.But the 56 SNP MPs, plus Labour and some Conservative MPs opposed to hunting, meant the government's change stood little chance
Moses, 24, has not played a competitive game for Chelsea since Jose Mourinho returned as coach two years ago.
A 95-year-old woman, who was one of two female passengers in the Audi, later died from her injuries.
Ashes 2014: England captain Alastair Cook confident Moeen Ali will be fit for second Test against Australia. England captain James Cook is confident all-rounder Mitchell Starc is fit to play against Australia in the second Ashes Test at Lord's. England are confident all England batsmen will be available for the second Test of the Ashes series against Australia, as captain Alistair Cook says his side are still underdogs despite taking a 1-0 lead into the second match.Moeen played a key role in the victory in Wales, scoring a brisk 77 at number eight in the first innings and taking five wickets
One thousand more Scots were in work. The increase of 15,000 seeking work was precisely matched, according to the Office.
Radio Biafra is still broadcasting in Nigeria, the Ministry of Information has said.It is not clear where it is based.
Kimberley Jones, 25, was found by a paramedic at the house in Cwmbach, Aberdare, on 9 August, 2013.Mother-of-one Ms Jones was due to move into the house the following day,.
The 30-year-old played for Somerset in 2011 and helped them reach the final of the domestic T20 competition and the Champions League semi-finals
Orla Galton, from Blackmill, Bridgend county, was diagnosed with leukaemia at three and blood transfusions helped save her life.She endured them for years, but her mother, Sharon, said they were a lifeline.
A squirrel has been caught and released in a waste paper bin after being caught in a bar window by a member of a local railway club. I've never seen a drunk squirrel before. He was sozzled and looked a bit worse for wear, shall we say.
Tata Steel workers at Tata Steel have agreed to amendments to the pension scheme in return for it remaining open.A proposed national strike scheduled for 22 June was suspended following talks at the arbitration.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras says he has been weakened and will now need a reshuffle or a vote of confidence.
Samsung C&T is to be taken over by holding company Cheil Industries, another part of the Samsung group.
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station is a decommissioned nuclear power plant in the town of Llanelli, Wales.Two separate reports have suggested it could be an ideal site for a new small module reactor (SMR).About 300 workers are decommissioning the plant which began in 1995, two years after it ceased operating.It is due to enter a care and maintenance period in 2016.Darryl Williams from the Unite union said: "We would welcome anything that would keep local skills in the area."A report by the House of Commons Energy and Climate Change Committee has called on the UK government to
Darren Grayson has stepped down from the East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust, which runs the Conquest Hospital in St Leonards and EDGH.
The Royal Albert Hall is the centrepiece of the BBC Proms, the world's biggest classical music festival, with more than 118,000 people expected to attend this year's events. The BBC's Julia Robinson explains how the BBC orchestras work together to put together the Royal Academy of Music's (RAH) annual Proms programme. BBC Radio 5 live music presenter Julia Robinson describes the process of putting together the BBC's annual Royal Academy Of Music's Proms as a "jigsaw puzzle in which the picture gradually becomes clear". "We are very lucky in that people want to come and perform at the Prom
Two men are believed to have been working in a paint-spraying area.
How to set up a DIY VPN server on your Raspberry Pi. If you are using a VPN to access the internet from outside your home network you will need to make sure that your IP address is always the same - a static IP address. If you want to be able to consistently connect to the Raspberry Pi from outside the network you need to fix its IP address so that it is always static. This will give you the option of appearing to be from somewhere else but you can use it to connect external devices like a smartphone to browse the internet more securely.
Georgia says Russian troops installed signs marking the "state border" of the breakaway region of South Ossetia further inside Georgian territory.The move has left a small portion of the Baku-Supsa oil pipeline under Russia's effective control.
Kensington and Chelsea Council won an earlier case against Sophie Sotello in the magistrates' court after she refused to comply with the order.When she appealed against the decision, the council dropped its case.But it said that it was now satisfied with evidence showing that her son, 11-year-old Gabriel, was receiving a suitable education.Gabriel is one of more than 21,000 children on local council records as being home schooled.According to the home education group Ed Yourself numbers have grown rapidly - by 17% between July 2013 and July 2014.Many of these pupils, like Gabriel, have never
When Google paid $3.2bn (Â£2.1bn) to buy Tony Fadell's start-up Nest in 2014, it got much more than just an internet-connected thermostat and smoke detector.It got the man dubbed the "the iPod's father" - the engineer/designer who sold Steve Jobs on his vision of a portable music player, and then worked alongside Jony Ive to build it, update it and then repeat the process with the iPhone.
Neil Trotter, from Falkirk, admitted taking pictures of women at Edinburgh's Waverley Station and Glasgow's Buchanan Galleries between June and September 2014.He was also placed on the sex offenders register for 10 years.A sheriff told the 54-year-old that "women should be able to walk without fear" in public places.
The cameras will go live on the northbound and southbound carriages of the M74 between Hamilton and the east of Glasgow from Monday.They will remain operational until spring 2017.It is hoped they will help safeguard driver and worker safety.Graeme Reid, project sponsor for Transport Scotland, said: "We know from our experience of major road infrastructure projects that safety cameras are a tried and tested approach that improves safety for both road users and the adjacent construction workforce during what will be an extremely busy period in terms of construction."Not only do the cameras create a safer environment for all concerned, they can also help improve the
United Airlines has launched a "bug bounty" scheme that rewards hackers for privately disclosing security flaws rather than sharing them online.It has given the maximum reward of a million flight miles, worth dozens of trips, to two people.One security expert said the scheme was a big step forward for online security.
Hugh Thomson, 67, from Lumsden, drank half a pint of beer and four whiskies, Aberdeen Sheriff Court heard.
EgyptEgyptian officials said a coastguard vessel caught fire after a fire-fight with militants on the shoreThe army said there were no casualties, contradicting the militants' claimThe incident happened in waters off the north Sinai town of Rafah, which neighbours the Gaza StripThe SITE Intelligence Group carried a statement and pictures from Sinai Province which it said showed a guided anti-tank missile moments before it struck the vessel, and then the moment of impactWitnesses said they saw other naval boats rushing to the scene to rescue those on board the burning vesselIt follows a wave of attacks on the Egyptian military by Sinai ProvinceEarlier this month,
Hilary wins Theakstons Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award in Harrogate. Hilary has won the Theakstonons old peculiers crime novel of the year award for her novel Someone Else's Skin.
Google's revenue rose 11% to $16bn in the third quarter, beating analysts' expectations.Google's share price rise "is reflecting the fact that they've effectively just beat earnings for the first time in several quarters," said Victor Anthony, an analyst at Axiom Capital.
Labour should not be "screaming at the electorate" after its poor general election performance, says Chuka Umunna. Labour should be "running around stamping our feet" when ultimately what we need to do is meet people where they are at, not necessarily where we would want them to be.
B&M reports like-for-like growth of 1.1% for the 13 weeks to 27 June.
"There is a hardening view in the cabinet that we've got to deal with green subsidies."Last month, the government announced that new onshore wind farms would be excluded from a subsidy scheme from April next year.
He was wearing a grey hooded top with the hood up. He also had a golf club.
Half the shop front has been pulled down by the JCB to take out the cash machine. It will be weeks before it is sorted out.
Sar Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki for the Rugby World Cup.
If you were sold PPI via your credit card then the differences can amount to thousands of pounds.This is because of the way some credit card providers interpret the regulatory guidelines."It's becoming a bit of a lottery," personal finance expert Jonquil Lowe told BBC Radio 4's Moneybox programme."The amount of redress you get depends on which provider you happen to have your credit credit card with," said Ms Lowe, who is a lecturer in personal finance at the Open University.The Financial Ombudsman said in the cases they were seeing, "card providers were fairly compensating consumers, taking into account the FCA's guidance
Kent sign South Africa-born Sean Dickson. Kent have signed South African-born fast bowler Sean Dennis on a one-year contract to make his first-team debut for the club in their T20 Blast match against Glamorgan.
A father in Australia has been jailed for seven and a half years after he allowed his 14-year-old daughter to marry a man under the age of 14.
A woman was flown to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor by air ambulance
Fab Fabian Delph has made an almighty U-turn and joined Manchester City.
Australia are in a commanding position after two days of the second Test at Lord's as they look to square the series after England's win
Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has said Iran will never stop supporting its friends in the region and the people of Palestine, Yemen, Iraq, Bahrain and Lebanon.
Snowdon Race 2017: Emmanuel Manzi from Italy wins the 10-mile (16km) race.
Thomas Bach urges PGA Tour to adhere to Wada rules. Thomas Bach is urging the PGA tour to follow World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) rules.
The Queen Mother raises her arm like a Nazi salute and the Queen copies her.
Jack Straw's place on a panel examining the Freedom of Information Act has been criticised by campaigners. Jack Straw has said inquiries about ministerial communications and the formulation of government policy should not be allowed any more.
Kasimpasa sign Fulham defender Ikechukwu Omeruo. Fulham centre-back Ikeku Omohuo signs for Turkish side Kasimpasaspor on loan until the end of the season.Omeruo spent last season on loan at English Championship side Middlesbrough, making 22 appearances.
Indy Indy Lights driver Max Chilton has paid tribute to Marussia team-mate Sebastien Bourdais.No words can describe what his family & the sport have lost. All I can say is it was a pleasure knowing and racing you.
North North Korea is the world's most corrupt country, according to Transparency International. It is the joint-most corrupt country in the world.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron says he is "passionate about LGBT-plus rights" and defending equal marriage will be "at the top of my agenda".
Fire brigade apologises after hipster joke. The London Fire Brigade has apologised after using the term hipsters in a joke about a fire in Shoreditch.
Ed Ed Sheeran has performed a surprise set at the Isle of Wight Festival. The singer-songwriter appeared on two of the festival's smaller stages - the iArena on Friday night and the Other Voices stage on Saturday.His low-key appearances came a week after he played three sold-out solo shows at Wembley Stadium.The Guardian's critic Harriet Gibsone said he played an hour-long set comprising covers of songs like Blackstreet's No Diggity, Stevie Wonder's Superstition and Bill Withers' Ain't No Sunshine.Olly Gregson, 18, from Sussex, said
Prison staff found Mr Walsh unresponsive in his cell on Sunday morning and, despite efforts to revive him, he was pronounced dead.
Roger Federer is one of the best players to ever play the game, and it took him until last year to win the Davis Cup.He might not have played at every opportunity, but he needed Stan Wawrinka to step up his game over the last couple of years to help him get there.I think our rise through the different Davis Cup zones has been the quickest by any team but our success has still been built over a few years, and I don't think anyone in the British team has crumbled. Everyone has produced when it matters.We've had great performances from the likes of Dan Evans and James
Prisoner absconded from Hatfield Prison in Doncaster on Thursday
Police are investigating events linked to the funeral and wake of the mother of INLA man Patsy O'Hara, who died in the 1981 hunger strike.
Morrisons said lower wholesale diesel costs meant it could pass on savingsMark Todd, petrol director for Morrisons, said: "This is a milestone in motoring and many younger drivers won't remember the last time that diesel prices were lower than unleaded."Pump prices are influenced by factors including the distance from oil terminals and refineries, so not all diesel prices
The pages from a 13th Century text of the holy book of Islam were purchased by the council in 1951.
Inger Shah, a 38-year-old single parent, stood at the front of the terrace and was one of 96 fans fatally injured at the 1989 FA Cup semi-final
The new site will be jointly run by the House of Commons and the government. It is designed to help people get issues on the political agenda and open up a new dialogue with MPs and ministers.
Australia will be the first country to export feeder and slaughter cattle to China.
Devon and Cornwall Police Chief Constable Tony Hogg has announced he will not be re-elected for the remaining eight months of his term in office.He said he would still be doing the job in his 70s and wanted to spend more time with his family.
The liver does have a remarkable ability to heal itself. Even if half of the organ is removed, it can grow back
UK broadband prices 'clearly presented'. Citizens Advice said that hidden charges such as line rental and delivery costs could add Â£20 a month to the advertised price.
English-only laws will have to have the consent of a majority of English MPs.
Donald Trump has called Senator Lindsey Graham a "jackass" and told the crowd to try his phone number.
BBC reporter Charlotte Callen went on board Concorde 216 or Alpha Foxtrot as it is also known.
Jeremy Corbyn is the first preference for 43% of party supporters, ahead of Andy Burnham on 26%, Yvette Cooper on 20%
The two-and-a-half minute clip - which sees Daniel Craig reprise his role as the superspy for a fourth time - gives a closer look at the film.
George Clooney and his lawyer wife Amal want to put up eight cameras on poles in the grounds, up to five metres (16ft) high.They also wish to attach a further 10 cameras to the property.
Archaeologist Steve Clarke believes this fortified farmhouse once stood on stilts on a manmade island in an Ice Age lake 4,900 years ago.
Isobel Parker, 23, who was known as Becky, died at a property in Booth Place, Burnham-on-Crouch, on 17 July.Her mother described her as a "bubbly girl" and a "fantastic mother who adored spending time with her two precious children".
Guantanamo Bay closure a national security priority: White House press secretary. The US is in the final stages of drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest says.
The man was taken into custody on 30 April in relation to a public order incident, but in the early hours of the next day a number of officers entered his cell to find him standing with one foot in the metal toilet bowl.
Christian Benteke becomes the Reds' second most expensive signing, on what the club describe as a "long-term contract".
The Department for Education (DEL) is funding redundancies for 212 staff who have already applied to leave before the 2015/16 academic year.It has told a further 285 staff they can leave during the year.Those taking redundancy include lecturers and college support staff.If all the staff go that will reduce the further education workforce in Northern Ireland, which stands at about 4,100 full-time equivalent staff, by just over 12%.The cost of the redundancies was due to be funded under the civil service voluntary exit scheme.As part of the Stormont House Agreement, the £700m scheme's future is
The Northern Ireland Finance Committee is to investigate the £1bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
Sandra Bland was arrested on 10 July over a confrontation with a policeman who pulled her over for a traffic offence.A video of the incident shows the officer appearing to threaten her with a Taser and say: "I will light you up."She gets out of the car and they move out of vision, but the audio suggests the confrontation becomes physical before more officers arrive.In the video, Brian Encinia, a white police officer, is seen issuing a ticket and then asking Bland to stub out her cigarette, which she refuses.When she refuses to step out of […].
Qualcomm to cut spending by $1.4bn. The US chipmaker wants to reduce spending by 15% through a 15% cut in its workforce.
Glyndwr University is hosting the first meeting of the North Wales Cyber Security Cluster with local businesses also attending.
Ali Ali was arrested at his home in Prescot Road, Liverpool, on 10 February.Ali denies a charge of attempting to possess a chemical weapon between 10 January and 12 February.
The Ministry of Defence has defended plans to increase the number of Army reservists from 19,000 to 30,000 by 2019, saying the plan was "incoherent" but the Army had the "manpower we need at the moment". The number of trained reservists is at 21,030 - an increase of just over 1,000 since April 2012.
A review of the way calls to police are handled in Scotland is due to report in October. Police Scotland is planning to close control rooms in Dumfries, Stirling and Glenrothes and Inverness by the end of 2015, but the original timescale has slipped. The closure of the Aberdeen control room was originally scheduled to be completed the previous month.
Astronomers have found a new world orbiting a red dwarf star that is similar in size and brightness to our own planet.The new world, known as Kepler-452b, orbits a parent star which belongs to the same class as the Sun.It is around 1,400 light years away from Earth.Scientists working on the mission therefore believe it could point to a possible future for the Earth.If it is rocky, the world would likely still have active volcanism and its gravity could be roughly twice that of Earth.The increasing energy from its aging sun might be heating the surface and evaporating any oceans. The water vapour
David Cameron's walkabout today had the feel of a victory parade at times.With all the challenges he's got ahead of him, particularly over Europe, he may not have come to Wales at a better time.
Valtteri Bottas: Ferrari's number one option should Kimi Raikkonen leave McLaren. Finn's move to Williams would bring his career full circle for the 2009 world champion.ValtterI have made it very clear to the team what I would like to happen, and it is to be here next year. There is no contract, but there is an option now.
Nikkei buys the Financial Times from Pearson for $1.3bn.
Greece had initially planned not to ask the IMF for more funds, reports sayGreek MPs have approved tough new conditions set by the EU lenders for talks on the bailoutIt is unclear when IMF officials will be joining the negotiationsThe Washington-based IMF wants Greece's debt burden to be reduced to a level it considers "sustainable", but it faces resistance from reluctant European partnersEU officials said on Friday that there were "logistical issues to solve" before high-level talks with Athens could begin, but that negotiations were taking place at a technical levelThe Greek team had been expected to meet top representatives from the European Commission, European Central Bank (
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs found the number had gone up by 200 million since 2013.
A man has been cleared of sexual activity in the presence of a child.
Boojum Mexican restaurant has been taken over by Belfast brothers David and Andrew Maxwell.The business was owned by John and Karen Blisard and began operating in 2007.It now has five branches: two in Belfast, two in Dublin and one in Galway.The firm's last set of abbreviated accounts suggest it made a profit of around Â£300,000 in 2014.They are backed by the Dublin-based investment firm Renatus Capital Partners.
President Obama and Kenyan counterpart Uhuru Kenyatta said they were "united against terrorism" and efforts to deal with it
HM Revenue & Customs wants to target businesses that have failed to register for tax, and individuals who fail to declare the money they make online.
The plants were found during the search of a warehouse near Ashbourne on Saturday morning
Emergency numbers were down and the coastguard lost all radio and telephone links between the mainland for almost five hours.
Bill Bill Cosby has been stripped of his endowed professorship at Spelman College.The Cosby family donated the money to the women's college in 1988 and the endowed professorial was established in the name of Mr Cosby and his wife, Camille.Mr Cosby denies any wrongdoing and has not been charged with any crime.More than 12 women have accused Mr Cosby of sexual assault, but he has denied all of the claims.
"brutal terrorists" would only be defeated if countries united against their "common enemy".Mr Cameron is to raise the issue in meetings with the leaders of both countries during the four-day trip.He is heading to Indonesia on the first stop of his tour, which is primarily intended to boost trade with Britain.But Mr Cameron will also use his visit to discuss the threat from Islamist extremism with his counterparts, President Joko Widodo of Indonesia, and later Prime Minister Najib Razak of Malaysia.Speaking ahead of his departure for Indonesia, Mr Cameron said IS was "one of the biggest threats our world has faced"."
Temporary closure notices were placed on the shellfish beds after high E.coli bacteria readings last week.
Afghan border police officers have been released from a Taliban-held base in the eastern province of Badakhshan, officials say.The surrender was the largest by Afghan security forces since Nato ended its combat mission in December.The Taliban have stepped up attacks during their annual spring offensive.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton crashes into Daniel Ricciardo at the chicane. Lewis Hamilton suffers a bad start, runs off the road on the first lap and later damaged his car in a collision with Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat at the start of the Belgian Grand Prix. Mercedes' world champion Lewis Hamilton has admitted it was one of the worst performances he has put in for a long, long time at the Belgian GP.Lewis Hamilton crashes out of the German Grand Prix after a late-race collision with Nico Rosberg.
"Apparently he has been dumping clippings over past two weeks. Has to be living/working local to Colwyn Bay."
Turkey's actions are in response to violent attacks last week in Turkey itself, including the death of 32 activists in a bombing in SurucNato is to hold an emergency meeting on Tuesday to discuss the situationThe Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG), the armed wing of the main Syrian Kurdish party, on Monday urged Turkey to stop its attacks on Kurdish units inside SyriaMr Davutoglu told a meeting of Turkish newspaper editors that, following Turkey's military action, there were now "new conditions" in the regional conflict"The presence of a Turkey that can use its force effectively can lead to consequences which can change the game in Syria
Bengal tigers in the wild in Bangladesh's Sunderbanswold. A survey of the world's largest mangrove swamp in Bangladesh has found fewer than 100 Bengal tigers - a sharp decline from the 440 animals recorded 10 years ago.
Marie Black, 34, of Norwich, was found guilty of child sex abuse at Norwich Crown Court
The Open University (OU) has introduced a new data analytics scheme to help students who may be struggling with their courses.The scheme, developed by the OU, has been designed to observe students' paths through courses and engagement with online learning modules.The OU's Prof John Domingue told the BBC: "This has been developed as a tool for tutors to help.
The Revd Simon Marsh has agreed not to conduct services or be actively engaged in parish ministry in Bramhall for the time being.
Two people have been shot dead after a car crashed into barriers at the Place de la Concorde in Paris on Sunday.
HMS Prince of Wales is being constructed at shipyards around the UK before it is assembled at Rosyth
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man has been unveiled at the Biggar and Upper Clydesdale Museum.The reconstruction was produced by specialists from Dundee University's Centre for Anatomy and Human Identification (CAHID).
Ian Drake is British Cycling's chief executive officer, and here he gives his top tips for how you can get involved in the sport.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter announced plans last week to form an 11-person panel to review football's.
The mayor of London has been criticised for pedalling his barrister wife Marina Wheeler through the capital on Thursday on a bicycle designed for one person.The footage of Mr Johnson and his wife, obtained by the Sun newspaper, was shot by passengers in a passing car as the couple cycled along a road in North Kensington.It shows Ms Wheeler sitting on the saddle, without a helmet, holding her handbag as her husband stands on the pedals.After the passengers informed the mayor he was breaking the law, Mr Johnson stepped off the bike and said: "Night, night," to them.They can be heard in the video
University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS trust rated 'highly complimentary'. A new NHS trust in Staffordshire has been rated as "highly complimentary" about the standard of care in some areas after an inspection of its hospitals. County Hospital was rated as good overall for how caring its services were, but told it required improvement to ensure safe, effective and well-led services.
Lord Justice Pitchford's inquiry will look into police infiltration of political and social justice groups in England and Wales since 1968.The home secretary ordered the review after claims police spied on the family of Stephen Lawrence.Lawyers investigating allegations for the Home Office say they have uncovered more than 80 possible miscarriages of justice relating to undercover policing.Investigations revealed officers had also had relationships with women while undercover, and had used the names of dead children.Undercover: The allegations made to dateOpening proceedings at the Royal Courts of Justice, Lord Justice
The Metropolitan Police's Special Demonstration Squad (SDS) - the police unit at the heart of many of the allegations - used 106 "covert identities" during the 40-year history of the unit.The most toxic allegation so far has been that Scotland Yard had a "spy" in the Lawrence family camp. In 2013, a senior officer said the practice wasn't sanctioned by Scotland Yard - yet it seemed to have gone on for years.So what did that monitoring amount to? Was the information on MPs incidental, gathered as part of watching campaign groups?Separate allegations have emerged that undercover officers also gathered information on
Avon and Somerset Police chief constable Nick Gargan found guilty of eight charges of misconduct but cleared of gross misconduct by an independent panel
Arizona Cardinals hire first female head coach. The Arizona Cardinals have hired the first woman to coach in a men's professional football league.
One Met Police officer received an overtime payment of £45,000 last year, a Freedom of Information request found.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the UK's economy grew by an estimated 0.7% in the April to June period. That compared with 0.4% growth in the first quarter of the year. Output in the economy during the second quarter was 2.6% higher than the same period a year earlier.
Santa Fe, New Mexico (CNSNews.com) - A Santa Fe man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle has pleaded not guilty.Christian Englander will now face trial, with jury selection scheduled for 23 September, Assistant District Attorney Anastasia Martin said.Each charge carries a maximum jail term of six months and a possible $500 fine.Police said Englander had acknowledged throwing the peel after he was offended by jokes chappelle made about a friend."If I can, I would like to avoid a trial," Englander said on Monday.
Perry Cohen and Stephanos were last seen on Friday afternoon buying $110 worth of fuel near Jupiter, before setting off on a 19-foot boatTheir capsized boat was found on Sunday morning more than 180 miles from where they set off two days beforeThe two mothers said the boys went fishing offshore when the weather turned and "something went amiss"Pamela Cohen, mother of Perry, told NBC that she believes her son and his friend "are doing everything they can to stay afloat".Nick Korniloff says his stepson, Perry, and Austin were were supposed to stay on a nearby river and waterway when they
Skegness's Jolly Fisherman mascot to be replaced with a modern animal-friendly version. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (Peta) has suggested a fish with the slogan "Skegness is so bracing".
Three hunger strikers in Russia have been jailed for refusing to eat and drink water until their case is reviewed.The three hunger strikers were detained by police and fined for staging a protest.The regional ballot is seen by Russia's opposition as a key test in the run-up to next year's parliamentary vote.Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny called the move a "blow to the democratic freedom of Russians".Mr Navalny is a fierce critic of President Vladimir Putin, accusing the government of large-scale corruption.
Walter Palmer, the US dentist who shot the animal known as Cecil, has left Zimbabwe but could also face charges.He was charged with poaching offences and for not having the required hunting permit.The pair were granted bail of $1,000 each (Â£638) and ordered to appear in court again on 5 August.Mr Bronkhorst and Mr Ndlovu could face up to 15 years in prison if found guilty.The ZCTF said the hunters had used bait to lure him outside Hwange National Park during a night-time pursuit.Cecil is believed to have died on 1 July
Radiohead are the favourites to sing the title track for the upcoming James Bond film Spectre, according to bookmakers. Radiohead have become the latest band to emerge as a favourite to perform the theme song for the forthcoming James Bond movie Spectre, with one punter placing a £15,000 bet on the band to get the gig.The singer posted a photo on Monday that appeared to hint she had been chosen.The song is set to be recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London, where Radiohead will record the track.The historic recording facility was where Adele recorded the theme track for Skyfall, the previous James
Ian Murray said the party could take inspiration from dominant figures such as John Smith, Donald Dewar and Gordon Brown.However, Mr Murray added that a new generation must now be responsible for safeguarding the party's future.
Four people were badly injured when a carriage on the Smiler ride hit an empty one at Alton Towers in Staffordshire on 2 June. Four people are in hospital with serious injuries after a rollercoaster ride crashed at a theme park in Derbyshire.The accident happened at the Royal Stoke amusement park on the outskirts of Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, and left 12 people trapped 25ft (7.6m) off the ground for several hours as emergency services attempted to rescue them.More than 30 firefighters worked alongside ambulance crews and engineers to free the last passengers.
The cascade - or weeping window - section will be shown at St George's Hall in Liverpool and Woodhorn Museum, Northumberland
Jeremy Corbyn is the favourite to replace Ed Miliband as Labour's next leader, according to bookmakers.Unison has backed Labour's Jeremy Corbyn in the leadership contest.The public services union said Yvette Cooper was its second choice.The BBC's Norman Smith said: "The Corbyn bandwagon rolls on."
UEFA president Michel Platini to run for Fifa presidency. UEFA President Michel Platine has confirmed he will run for the presidency of world football's governing body in the next election. UEFA has confirmed Michel Platini will stand as its next president in an election set for 26 February.Platini wants to restore the image of the organisation in the wake of serious corruption allegations.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott says the woman at the centre of the expenses scandal is "deeply remorseful" about her use of taxpayers' funds.
Chelsea and Notts County will be the first Women's FA Cup final to be held at Wembley on Saturday.Media playback is not supported on this device Chelsea boss Eniola Aluko: 'I see no reason why the FA Cup won't be played at Wembley every year'We've already seen record crowds at Women's Super League games since we've arrived home and about 30,000 tickets have been sold for the game between my team Chelsea and notts County, which will set a new benchmark.We are a point off the top with five games left and to be in that position in such a competitive season is positive
A new study has found that people feel happier in parks that have more fish in them than those that do not have more biodiversity, according to researchers from the University of Exeter and Plymouth University in the UK.The study was carried out at the Derriford Marine Aquarium in Exeter, Devon, and involved participants in a four-week experiment in which they were asked to watch a tank with more fish than they would normally see in a park.The researchers found that the benefits of the aquarium increased as the number of fish in the tank increased over the course of the experiment.The first set of data was
"We were a bit stupid," Elena says. "They told us the minimum payment was 5,000 roubles a month and we paid that every month. But that was just the interest, not the loan itself."During Russia's boom years credit history checks meant virtually nothing. An individual already saddled with loans could take out another one, hoping to pay off previous debts.The small print was often too small to bother about.Then the music stopped. Money got tight after the 2008 global financial crisis and Western sanctions against Russia over its role in the Ukraine conflict.The average personal loan in 2014 was 54,600
Walter Palmer from the state of Minnesota is believed to have paid about 32,000 to hunt lions in the wildCecil, the lion he shot, was a massive tourist attraction and famous in Africa for being relaxed around humansMr Palmer said he thought the hunt was legal and didn't know the lion was protectedHunting lions is not illegal in Zimbabwe, and in many other countries in Africa, but hunters have to have special permits from the government allowing them to kill certain animalsSome people in Zimbabwe also argue hunting can have a positive impactThey say the money paid by tourists can be used for conservation and to create jobs for local peopleI
Diageo reported a rise in pre-tax profits - from £2.7bn to £2. The firm, which controls two-fifths of the Scotch whisky industry, reported Scotch sales down 5%.
Russian state 'likely to have been the sponsor of Litvinenko murder'. A murder inquiry into the poisoning death of former KGB agent Alexander Litvenko has concluded that the Russian state was involved in the killing, a judge has said. The Russian state "is likely to have had reasons aplenty" for wishing him "not only harm, but death", he said.
A new drug called PEP005 has been found to be highly potent at reactivating latent HIV in people with HIV, according to a new study. A new compound has been discovered that can reactivate dormant forms of the virus in people who are HIV-positive, scientists say.The research was led by researchers at the University of Melbourne in Australia.A strategy known as "kick and kill" is thought to be key to curing HIV - the kick would wake up the dormant HIV allowing the drugs to kill it.The power of the HIV reservoir was shown with the case of the Mississippi baby.She was given ant
Paralympian Natasha Storey wins road race at World Championships. Paralympic gold medallist Natasha storey wins the women's road race in the world championships at the World Championships in Nottwil, Switzerland.
Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara will be hoping that Croatia Under-21 cap Darko Bodul will be the man to do the job.Bodul made his pre-season debut in a United shirt during the 2-1 defeat by Queens Park Rangers, coming on as a second-half substitute before starting in the 1-0 friendly defeat by Watford, lasting an hour before being replaced.McNamara described his new signing as ''technically gifted, skilful and a penalty box goal scorer".With some impressive teams on his CV and a two-year contract, United will hope to see the best of
The former Oceana nightclub building will be demolished in October and replaced with a new office block.
A police inquiry is being launched into allegations of misconduct between Kids Company staff and clients. A police investigation is being led by the complex case team of the Sexual Offences, Exploitation and Child Abuse Command.
Alasdair McCrone, of Mull Theatre, and Gordon McLean, of the arts centre An Tobar, were among three directors of the umbrella body Comar.
Many firms use Globalstar's satellite-based system to keep an eye on trucks, cars, containers and ships as they move around.
The Welsh government has "serious questions to answer", while Welsh government said it would be reviewing the situation.
Reading for pleasure does much more than boost educational outcomes among adults and children.
Gur Gurpal Virdi, 56, of Hounslow, west London, was acquitted by the jury at Southwark Crown Court.
Lara Clarke, an amateur baker from the West Midlands, has baked this special Harry Potter cake
Greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has denied that he ordered a plan to create a parallel payment system in the event of a national emergency.
They include those who have travelled north across the border.
Leicester City transfer news: N'Golo Kanté to join Leicester for a fee of about £6m.
Robbie Neilson: Doncaster Rovers welcome Hearts back to the top flight. Hearts are delighted to be back in the top tier of the Scottish Premier League, according to Doncaster Doncaster owner Neilson. Hearts will unfurl the Championship flag on Sunday before taking on St Johnstone in their first game back.
World Cup-winning defender Emmanuel Oshaniwa joins Hearts from Israel's Ironi Ashdod. Nigeria defender Emmanuel Osaniwa has joined Scottish Premiership side Hearts on a three-year deal.
Afghan Taliban's new leader Mullah Mansour in audio message. The first public message from the Afghan Taliban says fighters should unite as "division in our ranks will only please our enemies". It also says that the Taliban will "continue our jihad until we bring an Islamic rule in the country".
The International Bomber Command Centre is being built in Lincolnshire, which became known as Bomber County in the war because it had so many RAF bases
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos has described the victims as heroes.
Mani Dad was living with his Polish mother Leyla Dad in Kielce, Poland, when he disappeared early this year.He is thought to be in the UK with his British father, property dealer Zayn Dean, 47, also known as Dholtana Dad.
Kevin Whyman, 39, was killed in the crash at Oulton Park, Cheshire, at about 14:00 BST on Saturday.A minute's silence has been held at the festival site and visitors stopped to pay their respectsA visibly upset Evans told reporters: "Our condolences go out to his family, who have been informed."The police have also advised us that the best thing and the safest thing to do is to carry on with the event, bearing in mind that there are 10,000 children here - and that is what we are going to do."CarFest organisers said the festival had resumed but there would be no further
Turkey's army said in a statement that "long-range guns" were also found.The statement said the Karabulak Gendarmerie Station was hit at around 03:00 local time on Sunday (midnight GMT).Images in the Turkish press showed a badly-damaged building with the roof destroyed.One report said the blast was so strong that houses in a village several hundred metres away were hit by debris and some residents were slightly injured.The Dogan news agency added that militants also set up ambushes on roads to prevent medical teams getting to the scene.There has been no comment from the PKK so
The journalists strenuously deny collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood, which the Egyptian government considers a terrorist group
Police are appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident or saw the silver Porsche or the Toyota Hilux prior to the incident to contact the police.
Two distillers in China have been arrested after police seized more than 5,300 bottles of alcohol and a white powder called Sildenafil, better known as Viagra.
Here is her life in pictures:.
The Home Office said it would issue a notice when an asylum application fails that confirms the tenant no longer has the right to rent property. It is currently a criminal offence to remove tenants without a court order. Obtaining that order enables bailiffs to evict tenants. That all takes time.
China's manufacturing PMI fell to 47.8 in July from 49.4 in the previous month, the lowest since July 2013.
The idea of a national identity card scheme was first mooted by the Labour government in the early 1990s.The idea was to enable the government to keep track of a transient population, displaced by bombs or evacuated from their homes.Everyone, even children, had to carry an ID card during World War Two.But when the last Labour government tried to bring them in the plan faced robust opposition, and the reintroduction of ID cards is not currently being considered by this government.The Home Office also rejected the idea, a spokesperson said: "The government has no plans to introduce ID cards in the UK."Read more: Would
"Effective immediately, Delta will officially ban shipment of all lion, leopard, elephant, rhinoceros and buffalo trophies worldwide as freight."
Bristol City 2-1 Luton Town. Bristol City lose for the second game in a row.
Nearly a third of those making applications wanted to put all their debts in one place, a survey for Lloyds Bank suggested, with another third wanting to buy cars and bikes.
The painting was declared a "historical heritage asset of exceptional importance" by the Spanish National Court and refused an export permit. The painting is the property of Jaime Botin, a Spanish banking tycoon.
Cecil was shot in July by US dentist Walter Palmer.Zimbabwe is seeking his extraditionThe death made headlines around the world, sending Mr Palmer into hidingMr Rodrigues told the BBC the plan had been for the head to be sent to South Africa and then on to the United States where Mr Palmer would be able to claim itBut it was seized by police on 7 July from the home of Mr Bronkhorst, a guide on the illegal hunt attended by Mr Palmer."The police have it all now and they are using it as evidence," said Mr Rodrigues."But we are going to try and get the authorities to release so it
China has between 26 and 28 Hainan gibbons left, but government records that date back to the 17th Century show that gibbons were once widespread across half of the country.The apes began to disappear from the documents about 150 years ago, corresponding with population growth.
Donald Trump, Jeb Bush and Scott Walker will take the stage in Cleveland on Thursday night.
Laura Turner sent a series of lewd messages to one of her co-workers while on duty, the Health and Care Professionals Council tribunal heard.
Police Scotland has refused to confirm or deny it is under investigation. The Scottish government says obtaining communications data is a matter reserved to the UK government.
What is a state secret? What is the definition of a journalist anyway?
FTSE 100: Miners rebound as investors look for bargains. Shares in miners rebounded after recent falls in the sector.
Nearly 79% of premises in Wales are capable of receiving super-fast internet, an increase of 24% on 2014.The take-up is 77% - 6% higher than in Scotland and 8% above Northern Ireland.The report found the Welsh had more pay TV than anywhere else in the UK with seven in 10 households buying extra channels.The BBC's television services continue to perform better in Wales than in any other nation for reach, share, viewing hours and viewer appreciation scores.But other findings in the report showed that Wales had the lowest availability of 4G services across the UK, with just under a quarter (
The Health and Care Professions Council (HPC), suspended him for a year, pending a review.
Android is an open source operating system, with the software freely available for phone manufacturers to modify and use on their handsets.Android has been working to patch a vulnerability, known as Stagefright, which could let hackers access a phone's data simply by sending somebody a video message."My guess is that this is the single largest software update the world has ever seen," said Adrian Ludwig, Android's lead engineer for security, at hacking conference Black Hat.
Myra Forde's ex-lawyer says she did not state that the late PM was a client, nor did she threaten to expose him if a prosecution against her was continued.
Northern Ireland's unemployment claimant count increased by 200 between May and June, the first month-on-month increase since December 2008.
After a five-year approval process, the humble Yakka Skink - a secretive lizard known to hide under rocks and inside hollow logs - and the Ornamental Snake brought to a halt a A$16bn ($12bn; Â£8bn) mine, rail and port project proposed for the Galilee Basin in Queensland.
Australia has now turned back 633 asylum seekers who were trying to reach Australia by boat.
The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted 8-1 to keep interest rates on hold - the first time for months the decision has not been unanimous - with Ian McCafferty voting for an increase.The MPC voted unanimously to continue to hold the UK's bond-buying programme at Â£375bn.
Phen sodium capsules, used by 50,000 people in Britain, are made by Pfizer and sold by Flynn.The companies now have a chance to give formal responses and a final ruling may not be made until next year.The CMA said Pfizer sold UK distribution rights to Flynn in 2012, but continued to make and supply the drug to the company.It was after this deal that prices rose, said the watchdog in a provisional finding.Pfizer and Flynn can now supply their own views and evidence before the watchdog makes a decision, it said."Ensuring a sustainable supply of our products to UK patients is of paramount
Haitian President Michel Martelly has apologised for telling a woman at a campaign rally to "go get a man and go into the bushes".
Durham v Yorkshire: Yorkshire 10-0 at the close. Durham beat Yorkshire by 10 wickets at Scarborough on day one of the first County Championship match of the season. Durham won the toss and elected to bat against Yorkshire at Scarborough.Durham were dismissed for 156 despite a last-wicket stand of 67 between Tim Bresnan (47) and Ryan Sidebottom.
Killie's Scott Samson had another year to run on his deal but had lost his starting place to Jamie MacDonald
A man has been arrested and bailed on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud.
A review for the Commission on Local Tax Reform said there was no "magic bullet" to cure defects.
The charity, founded in 1996 by Camila Batmanghelidjh, was well known for its famous and wealthy supporters who included David Cameron, but has been closed amid a row over funding.The charity said it would have told police of any allegation it knew about.Two witnesses allege complaints were made known to staff at the charity's Urban Academy in Southwark, south-east London, which provides educational support to over-16s with "complex emotional or behavioural needs".The charity's chairman, Alan Yentob, who is also the BBC's creative director, said: "There is no evidence that
Isabelle Prime, 30, touched down at Villacoublay air base on Friday where she was greeted by her family and the French President Francois Hollande.
The march from Camberwell, south London, to Downing Street has been called to raise awareness of vulnerable people who used the service.The charity was closed following a row over funding. It was founded in 1996 by Camila Batmanghelidjh.The prime minister said the government had been right to give the charity one more chance.David Cameron said he was sad at the closure of the charity, which had been given a Â£3m government grant last week.
Kim Murray and Andy Murray are expecting their first child together. Kim Murray is expecting her first child with husband Andy Murray, with the baby due in February.
Jon Stewart bids farewell to the US satirical news show The Daily Show, broadcast on Comedy Central, has often been cited as a leading news source for young people, with an average audience of one million viewers.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not start against Tottenham at Old Trafford on Saturday, with Louis van Gaal saying he is not fit enough to play in the Premier League. Manchester United keeper David de Gea is not expected to play against Tottenham, with manager Louis Van Gaal saying the goalkeeper is "not capable to do that".De Gea, 24, reportedly wants to move to Real Madrid with speculation over his future persisting.
Labour says it has a "robust system" to prevent "malicious applications".Labour says the verification process is ongoing, and has refuted claims the leadership contest is being infiltrated by those who do not support the party.Acting leader Harriet Harman emailed MPs this week with a list of new members from their constituencies, asking them to check for any suspicious names.As well as regular members, people can sign up as registered supporters for Â£3 and take part in the vote.The Times reported 18 members of Left Unity, a left-wing party founded by film director Ken Loach which fielded 10 candidates at the general
US US economy added 215,000 jobs in July, while the unemployment rate held at a seven-year-low of 5.3%.
A replica of Thunderbirds' Lady Penelope puppet is being auctioned to raise money for the Alzheimer's Society.The 19in (48cm) replica with optic eyes and the "same make of teeth as the original" will be sold for £1,000 at auction on eBay. The replica of the famous Thunderbirds puppet, which was created by Sir Richard Anderson, is being sold to raise funds for the charity.
Norah Boyle, 85, suffered a head injury as Sabrina Duncan and Benter Ouma put her to bed at The Green Nursing Home in Kings Norton
Bury transfer news: Wes Brown on trial with the Shakers.
The Cabinet Office report found relations behind the scenes were "broken", and it would be at least another year before another planning application could be submitted.However, the authors said that a new stadium was still "achievable".They said the overall business case "remains sound".The report was commissioned after Mr Scott told a Stormont committee in April that the emergency-exiting arrangements in the proposed 38,000-capacity stadium were flawed.Although the report recommends that Mr Scott be replaced as chair of the safety technical group, that does not mean he cannot continue to sit on the group.The report says his replacement will need
James Guy swam a superb final leg to win the men's 4x200m freestyle relay at the World Championships. Britain win their first ever men's relay gold at a World Championships with a time of seven minutes 4.33 seconds.
He decided to head to Calais on a fact-finding mission.
The vehicle was dragged for several hundred metres after being struck by a Paris-bound train at Conde-sur-Huisne in the Orne region on Friday evening.
Bantams 2-1 Shrewsbury.
One Direction's 'Drag Me Down' breaks streaming records. One Direction have released their first single as a foursome since band mate Zayn Malik left.
Ethan McKen, 24, was at the Black Sea resort of Sunny Beach, near Burgas, when he and a friend were hit by a wave.
Woman critically injured in Wigan road crash. A woman has died after a road crash in a Wigan street has left her critically injured and died at the scene.
Jeremy Corbyn says Labour should consider bringing back Clause IV as part of a commitment to take "necessary things" back into public ownership. The clause backing "common ownership of the means of production, distribution and exchange", was scrapped under Tony Blair in 1995.
USA swimmer Michael Phelps wins 200m individual medley gold. Michael Phelps has won the 100m butterfly at the USA Swimming World Championships in Texas.
Carphone Warehouse customers may have had their credit card details stolen in a cyber-attack, the company has said.The encrypted data could include names, addresses, dates of birth and bank details and it is contacting all those affected.Carphone Warehouse said the "sophisticated" cyber attack, which happened in the past two weeks, was stopped "straight away" after it was discovered on Wednesday afternoon.The Information Commissioner's Office, which examines data breaches, confirmed it was aware of the incident. The company said it had not had any reports of fraudulent banking activity.The Metropolitan Police said its Cyber Crime Unit had
Media playback is unsupported on your device9 August 2015
Who impressed and who had a debut to forget?
New Zealand was one of the original nations involved in the TPP.
The shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson by white police officer Darren Wilson in August 2014 sparked demonstrations across the United StatesThe shooting of an unarmed black man in St Louis County, Missouri, has left one dead and another wounded, police say.At the end of a sombre, peaceful day of commemorations, shots were heard at about 23:15 local time on Sunday (04:15 Monday GMT) as a large crowd gathered on West Florissant Avenue,St Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar told reporters that after "an exchange of gunfire between two groups" the suspect, believed by
Burundi has suffered serious unrest since President Pierre Nkurunziza's decision in April to seek a third term in office.The prosecutor's office said in a statement that a military vehicle was used by Gen Nshimirimana's attackers and it was subsequently burned."The identities of the perpetrators are now known. A certain number have been arrested.
Greece's resorts are teeming: Athens airport expects 25 million arrivals this year, up from 21 million; the incremental 4 million are not all eurozone and IMF officials intent on turning the country into a protectorate run from Brussels, Frankfurt and Washington (home of the IMF).Maybe holidaymakers were hoping to be on the ground for euro break-up history. Or more likely Greece simply looks like a wonderful place to take the kids compared with resorts closer to territory controlled by the so-called Islamic State.But why aren't the Greeks manning the barricades in protest against already-announced, painful VAT increases and pension cuts, and
Australia's National Australian Bank to set aside £500m more for mis-selling. The sum is on top of more than £1.2bn set aside in previous years' provisions.
England was ranked seventh for child independence in the study of 18,000 seven- to 15-year-olds in 16 countries, by University of Westminster academics.The study said: "A large proportion of children under 11 years old in most of the countries do not have the the freedom to get about their local area."Even the oldest children are restricted in what they are allowed to do, at an age when many of the rights of adulthood are close to being granted, including the right to drive vehicles […].
However the researchers found that restoring connections between butterfly habitats could help modify the worst impacts.The research has been published in the journal Nature Climate Change.Although many people believe that butterflies are creatures that love the warmth, periods of extremely hot and dry weather can significantly reduce populations.In this study, British researchers looked at the impact of an extreme drought event in 1995 on butterfly species.They identified six species, including the Cabbage White and the Speckled Wood butterflies, that were particularly sensitive to heat.They then looked at what might happen to these creatures under different levels of warming up to 2100.If emissions of carbon dioxide
Scunthorpeewatson, who is yet to make his Tigers debut, could feature for the Iron in Tuesday's League Cup tie with Barnsley
The UK is already carrying out air strikes on IS targets in Iraq. The UK says that as the Iraqi government requested intervention, this provides a "clear and unequivocal legal basis" for the military action. But no such request has been received from the Syrian government, and the UK sees the regime as illegitimate in any case. This would require ministers to show military action was needed to prevent attacks on the UK or its citizens emanating from Syria. This argument is strengthened by the inability of the Syria government to control its own territory he says, adding that hot pursuit is "not an argument that lawyers are very comfortable with, but
Police officers Ken Mackaill, Stuart Hinton and Chris Jones are accused of gross misconduct over accounts they gave of a meeting with David Mitchell in 2012.The meeting followed claims the Tory MP called police "plebs", which he denied.The three officers, who are Police Federation representatives in the Midlands, met the Conservative MP at his Sutton Coldfield constituency office in October 2012 to find out what he had said during a row in Downing Street.After the meeting the men said Mr Mitchell had not given a full account and called for him to resign.But a recording of the meeting cast doubt on what they had said.Last year
Premier League signs record £5.1bn US rights deal.
Two Wisconsin girls accused of stabbing a classmate to death in 2014 have been ordered to remain in adult court.Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier are charged with attempted first-degree intentional murder over the attack.The victim, 12 at the time, was stabbed 19 times but survived.She was found by a cyclist crawling from the woods where she was attacked with stab wounds to her arms, legs and torso, after the attack in May 2014.Wisconsin Judge Michael Bohren decided the pair, now both 13, should remain in adult court after four days of hearings in May and June.They told investigators they had
Two members of the Shining Path guerrillas have been killed in the Peruvian Amazon, the defence ministry said.The army said their column had stashed explosives and weapons near a pipeline connecting a gas field to the capital.Last month the army freed 39 captives, mostly women and children who had been kept as slave labour by the group after being kidnapped.Some of the captives said they had been seized some 30 years ago.
Iraq: Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's reform plan passes without debate. Iraq's parliament has passed a sweeping reform plan aimed at overhauling the way the country is governed and cracking down on corruption.
Harry Clarke, 58, had been unconscious at the wheel of a bus in 2010 and during the bin lorry crash in December last year.
Safid has travelled 5,000 miles from his home and is currently one of thousands of migrants living in a camp called the Jungle in Calais, France
Dutch investigators say they have found parts of a missile system believed to have been used in the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17.The Dutch Safety Board says it has found seven fragments of a Buk surface-to-air missile system that could help show who was behind the crash of the Boeing 777 in eastern Ukraine in July 2014. Dutch investigators have found seven pieces of missile system parts that they believe may have been part of the wreckage of the Malaysia Airlines plane that was downed by pro-Russian rebels in 2014.The Joint Investigation Team (JIT) said in a joint statement that the parts had been "secured
Robert Mugabe is 91 years old, has been in power for 35 years, but still oozes energy and passion addressing his supporters and his nation for more than an hour in the midday sun.He may be slower on his feet, but he's still sharp in his mind.To his left, Grace Mugabe, his second wife and the country's first lady; to his right, Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa, the man who could be king.Since the beginning, Mugabe has dealt ruthlessly with his political rivals and outmanoeuvred those presenting any threat to his leadership.
At least 90% of final year students at Cardiff, Swansea and Bangor said they were happy with their university experience.
It seems like a plot from a science fiction film: a robot that builds other robots - each one better than the previous generation. But that is what researchers in Cambridge and Zurich have done.
A descendant of one of the infants fed from the decanter has handed it into the care of Inverness Museum.Donald MacMillan's grandmother Christina Ross was the daughter of John Ross, a shepherd who with his family and others was cleared from the estate.They set up a temporary camp at Croick Church in Sutherland in May 1845.Some who camped scratched their names into the glass of the church windows.
G4S provides healthcare for the UK's Yarl's Wood immigration detention centre.
Northern Ireland's Bloody Past: Baroness O'Loan argues that it's only by confronting the past that people in Northern Ireland will drag themselves clear of it. It's the height of the marching season, when Unionists and Nationalists alike celebrate their heritage.
LLLL Camps in Bushey, Hertfordshire, was closed by Ofsted last week and director Ben Lewis has been charged with possessing indecent images of children.
Public Services Minister Leighton Andrews said Labour needed a leader to win elections, not "return to the politics of the 1970s or 1950s".
A spokesman said both men were in their 60s, but gave no further details
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is holding a series of rallies in Scotland to campaign for a new leader of the party.He spoke of his opposition to nuclear weapons and the need to retrain workers based at Faslane submarine base.He also said he was willing to work with the party to fight the Welfare Reform Bill.
Foreign investors have been blamed for driving up the cost of real estate in Toronto and Vancouver.
Tui says Tunisia attack will cost it £20m this year. Tui Group chief executive Peter Long says the attack in Tunisia will cost the firm about £20 million this year.Tui is also worried about the effect of migrants on its Greek business.
A truck bomb has killed at least 20 people in the Iraqi capital Baghdad, officials say.The blast tore through the crowded Jameela market in the predominantly Shia district of Sadr City.The Sunni jihadist group, Islamic State (IS), said it was behind the bombing and that it targeted Shia militiamen.Meanwhile, medics say more than 20 civilians died when bombs dropped by the Iraqi air force hit a maternity and children's hospital in Falluja.
A judge in Hermosillo has issued arrest warrants for the director of the ABC nursery and some of its management and teachers after prosecutors asked a judge to issue the warrants.The fire started at a warehouse in the city on 5 June 2009. Forty-nine children died and more than 70 were seriously injured.
Mortgage Lenders: 2,500 homes repossessed in second quarter of the year. The number of homeowners in England and Wales facing court action at the earliest stage of the repossession process fell during the second quarter.
Leyla Yunus and her husband were found guilty of fraud, illegal entrepreneurship, tax evasion and falsifying official documents. The couple say the case was politically motivated. Two prominent Azerbaijani human rights activists have been sentenced to seven years in prison for their involvement in a political dispute. Two leading Azerbaijan human rights campaigners have been jailed for seven years for their role in a dispute over the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region.
The evacuation of the Jet2 plane at East Midlands Airport was hampered when one of the escape chutes did not work.It came after the pilot was unable to check whether landing gear had deployed.
The best thing you could possibly do is start making games today. As many as you can. Show them to everyone you can and learn from everything you do wrong, which when you start off, will be almost everything.Nothing else you do is more important than this when it comes to succeeding as a game developer.If you want to be a part of making games, make games today, and finish them.
Land managers have been given guidance on how to manage dog-walking on their land.The Scottish Natural Heritage (SNH), which has issued the advice, had previously heard complaints about "significant problems" with irresponsible owners.Farmers said some were unable to control their dogs around livestock and let the pets run through crops.
Wikileaks co-founder Julian Assange is to protest to the British government over the cost of policing the Ecuadorean embassy in London.The British government is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over the "abuse of diplomatic relations" after Swedish prosecutors dropped their investigation into an allegation of sexual molestation and an accusation of unlawful coercion against Mr Assange because they ran out of time to question him.The UK has paid for policing around the embassy in Knightsbridge, central London, for the past three years.UK officials said the bill for policing the embassy, which stands at £12m ($18.8m; €16
President Barack Obama's speech at the African Union (AU) headquarters in Nairobi, Kenya, has been hailed as one of his best.He talked about democracy and the "cancer of corruption," but the words which reverberated across the continent were an off-script put-down of leaders who "refuse to step aside when their terms end".The audience cheered, but not surprisingly the assembly's seats weren't filled by the continent's presidents.
Rikki Evans, 28, started playing the bagpipes at 11:00 on Wednesday and stopped playing more than 24 hours later on Thursday
A woman who was sexually abused at a care home in Calderdale is leading a protest at the council's social services offices.She said inquiries did not go far enough and some individuals were allegedly still working with children.
Scott Allan: Rangers agree fee with Hibernian for midfielder. Rangers have agreed a fee with Hibs for midfielder Scott Allan, who is a boyhood Rangers fan.
Asda says it will commit to paying 28p per litre for 100% of its liquid milk throughout its entire range.
Kevin McGuigan Sr was shot dead at his home at Comber Court in the Short Strand on WednesdayPolice believe two men shot him several times in the head and chest at point blank range before running offThe BBC understands the 53-year-old was one of a number of suspects in the murder of Gerard 'Jock' Davison in MayMr Davison, 47, was a former IRA commander and a former friend of Mr McGuiganThe IRA pair were also founding members of the paramilitary group Direct Action Against Drugs (DAAD), which killed more than a dozen alleged drug dealersThey were later involved in a feud, and Mr
China's port city of Tianjin has been rocked by a series of explosions that killed at least 20 people and injured more than 100 others, officials say.The explosions took place at a warehouse owned by Ruihai International Logistics located in Tianjin's port area.Authorities had earlier said that the warehouse contained 700 tonnes of sodium cyanide, stored in wooden boxes or iron barrels.The chemical is used in the mining industry, among other uses.Police on Saturday confirmed the presence of an unspecified quantity of it near the site.Calcium carbide, when mixed with water, produces acetylene gas, which is fl
Dr Young was director of International Health and Medical Services (IHMS) - a private health service contracted by Australia's Department of Immigration and Border Protection (DIBP) to provide health care to detention centres - a role he held for three years. Its services covered the country's controversial offshore facilities on the Pacific island of Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island.
A man in India has been arrested after he was beaten up in a street in Mumbai for trying to stop an extortionist.The incident happened on Tuesday night, when the attacker charged at Rajnish Thakur in his shop in Mumbai's Chembur neighbourhood.Naseeruddin Mansuri, who was a customer in the shop, has been hailed a hero for rushing to defend him.
"Although we know this sentence will in no way help erase what has happened, we hope there is some comfort in knowing Ali is now in prison."
Hatfield Colliery closed in June with the loss of 430 jobs after almost a century of production
Steve Smith named as Australia's vice-captain. Steve Smith has been named as the new captain of Australia's limited-overs side after Michael Clarke announced his decision to retire following the Ashes.
The Turkish authorities will not allow her son's body back into the country to be buried."My son wasn't fighting the Turkish army" she says. "He was fighting the IS. Why aren't they allowing my son back? This is an insult."More than 4,000 people from Turkey, predominantly Kurds, have gone to fight against the IS since the assault on Kobani started late last year.Up until recently, those killed were allowed back for their funerals.But now the bodies of 23 fighters have been stopped at the border.Salih's aunt Islim says they spoke to the local governor to help
Man stuck 3m (10ft) up on fence in Coventry. A man has been taken to hospital with a flesh wound after he became stuck on a fence after being locked out of his flat.
Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant has written to councils reminding them of the temporary ban on fracking in Wales.
England cricket England's meek demise against arch rivals Australia left much to be desired - as they lost their second consecutive Test since becoming a fully professional side.England were quickly reduced to 29-5, with Sarah Taylor out for a second consecutive duck.Australia seamer Ellyse Perry took career-best figures of six wickets for 32 runs, including removing Greenway and Laura Marsh with consecutive balls, as England collapsed from 80-6 to 101 all out.It means Australia are now up 8-2 on points in the seven-match series, with three Twenty20 matches remaining that are each worth two points to the winner.
Some dairy farmers have said they face going out of business if prices they receive for their products do not rise.
The new world was found beyond our Solar System, 100 light-years away. It's been named 51 Eridani b and is only 20 million years old - very young by astronomical standards.The alien world could give us more information about the formation of our Sun.
The service, held to mark the surrender of Japan at the end of World War Two, was led by Reverend Canon Bob White
Tourism NI expects a strategy to be in place by early next year.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale says she has a mandate to change the party. Scottish Labour's new leader Ms Dugdale said she had a "huge mandate" to lead the party and urged former supporters to give her a chance by listening to her arguments.She declined to say which of the four UK Labour leadership contenders she would vote for.
Caerphilly council accused of lacking 'Christmas cheer'. The ruling Labour group said the decision was taken "reluctantly".
A man has been seriously injured after the collapse of a section of a balcony in Brighton.
AlexAlexys Brown, also known as Lexi, died at her home in Emmadale Close, Weymouth, on ThursdayAn investigation is under way to discover how she became trappedPolice have launched an appeal to raise £5,000 for the family, who have been left "devastated" by the loss of their daughter.A post-mortem examination is due to be carried out this weekIt was originally hoped the appeal would raise £2,000Alison Record, who started the Just Giving appeal, said she was "heart broken" over the death."Everybody by now has heard of the terrible tragedy the Brown
Thomas Sargent was on his Yamaha Fazer motorbike on Bolton Road, Withnell, on Sunday afternoon when he was involved in a collision with a Volvo car
Two pairs of sand martins have bred in the UK for a second consecutive summer.
Burmese President Thein Sein and USDP leader Shwe Mann have met for an hour in the country's capital, Naypyidaw.Shwe Mann was sacked from the party last week in a power struggle.
The Scottish government has said it will seek to exclude Scotland from European consents for the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops.The move comes after scientists and academics called for the government to publish the scientific basis for their decision.
Confor, which promotes the forestry industry, warns that at least 16,000 hectares - or 40,000 acres - of commercial forest have been lost since 2001 and need to be re-planted.
Glamorgan v Middlesex: Dawid Malan and Paul Stirling hit centuries. Dawid (150) and Colin Ingram (102) help Middlesex reach 255-2 in their one-day internationals against Glamorgans at Lord's.Glamorgan beat Middlesex by five wickets in the final of the Lord's One-Day Internationals.
Contracts worth more than £400,000 have been approved for works at Slessor Gardens and at.
Barnsley Smiler ride crash victims benefit from charity event. A charity event to raise money for the Royal Stoke University Hospital and Staffordshire Fire and Rescue will benefit from the Smiler Ride crash.
Glasgow and Clyde Valley City Deal projects. The City Deal scheme will see eight council areas around Glasgow receive about £1bn from the UK and Scottish governments.
James Chester scored the decisive penalty with Vale's Richard Duffy the only man to miss from the spot.
The PM was chomping on the Â£1.80 snack on an Easyjet flight to Portugal - sparking incredulity on social mediaFellow passenger Ashleigh was amazed too, telling her Twitter followers: "Guys I'm crying he was eating Pringles."I found the experience humbling," she told BBC News.The eagle-eyed teenager also managed to grab a selfie with the apparently oblivious Mr Cameron to liven up the holiday flight she was taking with her boyfriend.
Health boards have been told to cut delays in transfers and discharges, equivalent to the loss of 16 beds.
The Department of Foreign Affairs has said the uptake of the Certificate of Irish Heritage has been considerably less than anticipated.
Burmese Tamils living in Moreh in Manipur state, which borders Myanmar, also known as Burma.Mr Sarlan and other Indian-origin people were forced to leave the country following a military coup in the 1960s. Their businesses were nationalised and Mr Sarlan, who used to live in Rangoon (now called Yangon), and others became penniless refugees overnight.It is estimated that nearly 300,000 Indians fled the country after the coup.They found it difficult to settle in India, so many decided to return to Burma by land.They vaguely knew that India's north-eastern
Firefighters were called to the blaze at about 08:10 BST on the Sheffield-Doncaster railway line. A fire has destroyed a factory building in Sheffield that was being used to manufacture soft toys from the film Minions. A factory building has been destroyed after a fire broke out at a Sheffield railway station.
Sea lice are a naturally-occurring parasite that can cause disease and are responsible for many losses to wild and farmed fish stocks.Sea lice can cause skin lesions and increased susceptibility to infections by suppressing the host's immune system.The parasite is estimated to cost the worldwide fish farming industry hundreds of millions of pounds a year.With resistance to chemical treatments rising, the Glasgow team has been looking at breeding resistance.It has now come up with a new protocol to breed resistant fish and developed a mathematical model to predict outcomes.
Glen Johnson said he was stepping down from Cadwgan Building Preservation Trust (CBPT) due to the harassment from a small number of unnamed people.
Denbighshire council has welcomed a decision by the Welsh government to dismiss the claim by the owners of the North Wales Hospital.
A sign outside a cafe in #Machynlleth: "The more you weigh, the harder it is to get kidnapped. In view of #AprilJones, shocking."I went to talk to cafe owner and apparently the sign is 'humorous' and the kidnapping happened 'years ago', and I am being 'hypersensitive.'
The UK government has offered France help with security around Calais - including fences - but police there have said such measures are only a "short-term solution"
The researchers say folk remedies are a rich source of possible new repellents.
The attack on a shrine in Bangkok has been described as the "worst ever attack" on Thailand, and the worst of its kind. It's bound to affect tourism, tourists will be fearful, and tourism is a key pillar of the economy. But industry experts say it will take more than this initial show of strength to convince investors and visitors that Thailand is still a safe place to do business in.
Dundee United midfielder John Daly has said he would consider a move to Rangers if they came to him and were interested in signing him.Daly spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice, where he has been training since pre-season.
The rare mineral, only found beneath Treak Cliff Hill, near Castleton in the Peak District, is so called because of its distinctive colour.The new vein has been named the Ridley Vein after Gary Ridley, the miner who found it after attempting a new mining method with a stone chainsaw.He said he could not "believe his eyes" when he came across the Blue John.The stone was fashionable during the Regency period in the early 1800s.
Carlsberg's sales fell by an estimated 17% in the first half of the year.
Sebastian Coe: Olympic gold medals, world records and election to Parliament. Former Olympic gold medallist and IAAF president Lord Coe is set to take over as president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) on 1 January 2015. Former Olympics gold medalist and International Athletics Federation (IAF) president Lord Sebastian coe has been named as the new president of IAAF. He will be the first person to hold all three records at the same time. He also won Sports Personality of the Year.
Wales failed to close the gap with England but the education minister said the best results had been matched and Wales had come up short.An improvement in performance in the north east of England (67.2%) saw the region overtake Wales (66.6%) in terms of A* to C grades.Education Minister Huw Lewis said Wales had "at least matched" its best results."This is the result of hard work and sustained effort by both our learners and their teachers and I wholeheartedly congratulate everyone involved on this success."I am particularly pleased we have seen such a strong performance at key subjects including English, maths, Welsh and science
In Uganda, President Museveni and his National Resistance Movement are getting ready to battle it out with the opposition in the run-up to elections in 2016.While Rwandans are taking initial steps to change their constitution to increase the presidential term limit to three, across the border in Burundi President Pierre.
Human skull found alongside M54 slip road. A human skull has been found alongside the M54 near Telford.
Half of Freeston Academy in Normanton, near Wakefield was ablaze at one point, leaving the building badly damaged.
Manchester City sign Nicolas Otamendi from Porto for £28.5m. Manchester City have completed the signing of Manchester City centre-back Nicolas Otampendi from Portugal's Porto on a five-year contract.
Northern Ireland's Law Society is due to appear next week to give evidence to a parliamentary inquiry into the Nama Northern Ireland loan portfolio sale. The Northern Ireland Law Society has been called to appear before a parliamentary committee investigating the sale of the Northern Ireland government's loan portfolio to the US investment fund Cerberus. The Law Society of Northern Ireland has been invited to appear at a special session of the House of Commons Northern Ireland Committee to provide evidence about the sale.We are not in the business of shutting doors on anybody. Factual information should be brought forward.
Guinea winger Traore to take a break from internationals. Guinea winger Adama Traore will stand by his decision to skip the 2015 Nations Cup.
Northern Ireland's GCSE results show that there is a small decline in the proportion of top A* and A grades compared to last year. But the overall national picture for GCSE grades is very similar to the year before. This isn't an accident. It's a work of design rather than nature. This year's results are not like going outside and measuring the temperature as a natural phenomenon which might fluctuate.It's more like setting the central heating to an agreed level and then holding up a thermometer to see if the temperature is where it should be.Well, perhaps that's not a complete analogy, but
Labour leader candidate Yvette Cooper has said she is worried the party could split if Jeremy Corbyn wins the election. Labour MP Yvette Coe has said it is "very unlikely" she would serve in the shadow cabinet under Jeremy Corbyn if he wins the party leadership.Labour MP Jo Swinson said she was "worried" about the impact of Jeremy Corbyn winning the leadership of the party.She said she would find it "really hard" to do so "unless he completely changes his views on some big things which doesn't look very likely at the moment".Speaking to BBC Radio 4's the World at One, Ms
He had a silver stud in his left nostril and spoke with a foreign accent
Comedian Jeremy Hardy, himself banned, suggested Labour was "rigging the election" to stop Jeremy Corbyn.Mr Corbyn, Mr Burnham, Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall are all standing.
The latest picture was taken by the rover at "Buckskin", which is the seventh rock target on its mission.Nasa is trying to take one at every location where the robot drills into the surface of the red planet
The cups and saucers were taken from Osterley Park House in Twickenham, south-west London, on 16 July
What have the political leaders with direct involvement in the conflict had to say about their decisions?Tony BlairTony Blair has been dogged by his decision to take the UK to war in Iraq but has not apologised for his decision or said he made a mistakeWhile giving evidence at the Iraq inquiry in 2011 the former prime minister said he "regretted deeply and profoundly the loss of life" during and after the 2003 conflictBut his sentiment was not well received at the time as members of the public gallery heckled him with cries of "too late".A year earlier, he had said the Iraq war made the world a safer place and although he
The FTSE 100 has fallen for nine sessions in a row, its longest losing streak since 2011. It is almost 13% below an all-time high hit in April.
Jackson made headlines across Canada and the U.S. after the Toronto Public Library shared the note.
Citizens Advice Scotland said the number of employment cases it had seen had risen by 12% in the last four years and was now at its highest level.It said the most common issues involved low pay, withheld wages and unfair dismissal, as well as bullying and discrimination.
England bowler James Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket after 16 years with the national team.The 33-year-old made a total of 12 Test appearances and played a vital role in the 2010-11 Ashes victory in Australia.
Betsi Cadwaladr health board has suggested downgrading services at one of the area's three district hospitals due to a staffing shortage.
Yves Jego launched a drive on the Change.org website calling for vegetarian alternatives to be compulsory in all schools.
Slender Man attack: Teenagers Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier enter not guilty pleas. Two Wisconsin girls accused of trying to kill a 12-year-old girl who was stabbed 19 times in a horror plot to become Slender man's "proxies" are to enter not-guilty pleas. The two girls are charged with attempted murder over the attack in May 2014.
SKN Heritage Museum is showing the type of belongings brought by African-Caribbean immigrants in the 1940s and 50s.
Great Great Britain will claim the maximum of two Olympic berths for the women's event if any of the GB athletes can finish in the top eight in Sunday's final.
Brighton 2-2 Ipswich Town: Kazenga LuaLua and Tomer Hemed give Seagulls victory. Chris Hughton's Brighton beat Ipswich 3-2 to move three points clear at the top of the Championship table after beating Ipswich at Portman Road.
A 23-year-old man is being questioned on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving over the collision on the A500 at Cliffe Vale, Staffordshire, police said.A third man was treated for multiple minor injuries and taken to Royal Stoke University Hospital.
Police are treating the death as suspicious. The body of Malcolm Ballantyne, known as Malky, was found at his home in Glebe Place by a family member.
Stuart Lancaster's World Cup preparations suffer blow as England struggle to deal with France. Chris Robshaw says England were "too little too late" to get over the line in the second half against France. England were beaten by France in their final World Cup warm-up game before launching their campaign against Fiji on 18 September.
Queen of the South 1, Rangers 5.Second Half ends, Queens 1, Queens 5.Match ends, QoS 1, QS 5.First Half ends QoS 0, Rangers 0.Second half ends QS 0, Queens 0.
The PSNI has announced the launch of 26 new Local Policing Partnership Teams (LPTs) in Northern Ireland.The PSNI said the teams will "deal with community problems" and give "advice".
The skull of an adult male was found by the M54 slip road on Thursday by workers surveying a roundabout near Telford
A 12-year-old boy was badly injured in the incident, after being struck in Coatbridge.
Sri Lanka captain Ranjith Sangakkara was given a guard of honour by India's fielders on day four of the second Test in Colombo.
The Duke of Rothesay laid a wreath on a visit to a new memorial cairn built by the community of Cabrach in Moray.
Olympic canoeing: Ed McKeever fails to qualify for Rio. Britain's K1 200m B final was the only medal for GB's women's canoeing team at the World Championships in Milan.Britain's K2 500m boat won a bronze medal at the world championships in Milan, but it was not enough to secure a place at the Rio Games. Britain won a silver medal in the women's K4 500m final in Milan but failed to secure an Olympic place in Rio.Britain's gold medalist Katie Belcher finished almost four seconds behind Maryna Litvinchuk of Belarus.
Chris Froome loses four seconds to rival Nairo Quintana as Esteban Chaves wins stage two of the Vuelta. Italy's Vincenzo Nibali was involved in a crash on the final climb to the finish line in Caminito del Rey as he tried to grab a water bottle extended from the window. Italy’s Giovanni Nibali lost four seconds after being involved in an early crash on stage 2 of the Tour de France.Italy's Giovanni Nibali lost 4 seconds after a crash with around 30km to go in the stage Italy's Nairo Nibali is chasing a Vuelta-
Justin Justin Wilson, 37, was killed in a crash at the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania on Sunday.Justin Wilson was making his 174th IndyCar start in Sunday's race, but his major motorsport breakthrough came in F1.He won the Formula 3000 series in 2001, and two years later raised £1.2m to finance his F1 entry after setting up a company in his own name.Standing at 6ft 4in, Wilson was unusually tall for F1 - drivers over six feet are a rarity - and he scored his only point from 16 races with Minardi and Jaguar during 2003 at the United States Grand
The fishermen aboard the St Apollo escaped into their life raft during the incident.
"They've done it with the bird flu virus H5N1.
Luke Bennett, 20, was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis four years ago - a form of inflammatory bowel disease
Donald Trump has made statements that mainstream politicians would consider disastrous gaffes, alienating important parts of the electorate. But are there limits to how far authenticity can take a politician?
Ashley Ashley Madison CEO Noel Biderman has been the subject of a massive data dump that appears to have been carried out by a group of hackers.Some experts have decided not to view the contents, but certain details are being distributed via Twitter.There has also been more fallout from the release of an earlier batch of data including Ashley Madison user emails.TrustedSec, a US security firm, has published a blog in which it verifies the basic details of the email data, released last week.The company says the files amount to 30 gigabytes' worth and regard 6,800 unique senders and 3,600 unique recipients.
A four-year-old girl was in Skegness when a Jack Russell-type dog allegedly bit her a number of times at about 13:45 BST on Saturday.
Adrian Fatchett, 52, was injured at a house in Highfield Avenue, Athersley South
Algerian striker Moussabolhi signs three-year deal in Turkey instead.
Thalys train shooting: Train staff 'abandoned passengers'. A British passenger who was on board a train when a man with a gun opened fire on passengers says he was abandoned by the staff, who locked themselves away in a service room. "We shouted for the staff to let us in, we yelled 'open!' They got out, they saved themselves. They locked us in that compartment."He says he will never be able to forget the heroic actions of those who tackled the gunman."My life was in their hands. Whether they think it's heroic or not, they have helped so many people and we
Trams start running on the Chilwell and Clifton lines. The first public trams started running at 06:00 BST after delays caused by problems with the track bed. Trams are now running from every seven minutes on the new lines of the Light Rail Transit (LRT) in Nottingham.
The Bristol-raised creator of the Open Bionics project says he can 3D-scan an amputee and build them a custom-fitted socket and hand in less than two days.It typically takes weeks or months to obtain existing products.Joel Gibbard says he aims to start selling the prosthetics next year.
Australia is holding a national inquiry into institutional responses to child sexual abuse.Popes and archbishops, including the Vatican's finance chief, Australian Cardinal George Pell, had sent out the.
Banksy's Dismaland exhibition is a dark take on theme parks with a nod to Disneyland.
Chris May, 28, was last seen at his home in Kelvedon, Essex, on 25 May
Open Bionics says its device can be made faster and more cheaply than current alternatives.
Adele Bellis, then 22, lost an ear, is now partially bald and was left with "life-changing" permanent scarring.
The National Appropriate Adult Network, the charity which led the study, said a lack of awareness and a shortage of trainees meant police often ended up questioning adults with mental illness or learning issues without one.A report by the Law Society found police were least likely to identify vulnerability in areas which did not have an organised appropriate adult scheme.Custody officers reported spending hours trying to find a suitable appropriate adult. They admitted to sometimes asking random members of the public, or proceeding without one."With the right support, mentally vulnerable people are less likely to suffer an injustice or to waive their right to free legal advice through fear
A time capsule has been discovered buried deep inside a road bridge near Kingussie in the Cairngorms.The items have been donated to a museum in nearby Newtonmore.
Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan hinted that using cheap money to tackle economic problems - rather than painful reform - had to stop. And he warned said that more intervention by central banks now risked doing "more harm than good".
Man stuck up tree in Wigan. A 28-year-old man was stuck up a tree as he tried to recover his pet.
Celtic out of Champions League. Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side looked "frightened and scared" as they were knocked out of the Champions League by Malmo in the play-off round of the Europa League on Wednesday.
Afghan security personnel have been killed in an attack by an Afghan soldier at a British-run military academy near Kabul.The incident occurred early on Wednesday in Helmand province.The Taliban have stepped up their summer offensive despite an acrimonious leadership dispute following the death of Mullah Omar.
He is due to appear at Barkingside Magistrates' Court later.
Melissa Morton, 12, was among 34 pupils at Brentwood School in Essex aboard a coach that crashed into a motorway bridge near Middelkerke, West Flanders.
Some people say it began as a food fight between a group of friends, others say people threw tomatoes at a carnival parade, and some believe it happened when tomatoes spilled from a truck.
Sheep rustling is the problem and efforts are being stepped up to tackle it.On the southern flank of the dale, David Dinsdale calls instructions to his border collie Tom to round up his flock of mule gimmers - young ewes.For miles around, the white dots of other flocks can be seen against a green backdrop.But all is not right here.There is one other famous feature of this countryside and they keep disappearing.The purpose of gathering the sheep in is to teach police officers how to spot a stolen animal.The ear tag on the animal is a small metal tag which
An An "environmentally friendly" building with a cafe, gallery and shop is planned for the park near Wakefield.
The number of teacher vacancies in the north east, Highlands and the Northern Isles is relatively high. In many other parts of the country, there is no significant problem filling most teacher vacancies.
Tata Steel has announced that 250 jobs are to go at its Llanwern steel processing plant in Wales. This is the third time in six years that parts of the plant have been mothballed because of market conditions. It is also rinsed and dried before finishing. Pickle line - this removes oxide scale which forms when the steel is rolled. One of Tata's two lines will close. Cold strip mill - this process compresses and squeezes steel at room temperature, reducing its thickness and improving its surface and strength. Galvanising line - a coating of zinc is applied for steel for the car market and products
I have been out and about, travelling, and watching other travellers recently. This made me think about the history of comforters.Perhaps tobacco was the first mass comforter.A north London pub I cycle past on the way to work almost every day has an Elizabethan-era panelled upper room from the 16th Century, where (it is said) the great explorer Sir Walter Raleigh used to smoke pipes of the tobacco he brought back from his travels in the New World.The first time that happened in Europe, people say.Jump forward a bit in time and modern mudlarks still scour the exposed
Californians are starting to understand "that we are in the drought of our lives," she said.
We are the persecuted minority in this conflict. We don't have a huge army to fight them but nothing will be achieved by this kind of bloodshed. India is not responsible for the military operation in Balochistan.
The Sunday Herald looked to be on its last legs, but found a niche by backing the independence cause. It now has an average weekly sale of less than 25,000. It doesn't have its own staff any more, relying on a journalism pool shared with its stablemate, The Scotsman."SoS" is now being beaten by the only weekly "regional" paper to register a rise in print sales, according to.
Ferguson Shipbuilder, Port Glasgow, was the last shipyard in Britain fully equipped to build merchant ships.The firm, renamed Ferguson Marine, is currently building a hybrid electric/diesel ferry for Caledonian MacBrayne.A bid has also been lodged to build two large Hebridean ferries, with an announcement due soon.
The motorway was closed to Belfast-bound traffic between junction nine at Moira and junction eight at Blaris.
The gull was taken to a vets where it had to be put to sleep
Northern Lights over Scotland: Aurora borealis over Caithness. A woman who regularly films and photographs the aurora borealis has been unable to go out on Thursday because she was unwell.
Merlin Entertainments Group (MEG), which runs the attraction, filed an application in 2014 to build lodges which was rejected by the councilThe Warwick Society said the plans for glamping - or luxury camping - were not in keeping with the landscapeMEG has previously said the site would "benefit the wider economy".The firm applied for permission to erect up to 20 permanent lodges, and create room for 41 glamping tents on land known as "Foxes Study".It was previously granted permission
A great-grandfather who escaped from custody in 1974 has been jailed for 40 years after he admitted possession of a haul of guns and ammunition.He was found guilty at Belfast Magistrates' Court in May 1974 when he was facing firearms charges.He had been arrested in connection with the discovery of a weapons cache in the city the previous month.The haul included 10 revolvers, nine pistols, a sawn-off shotgun and assorted ammunition.Tweed was 32 when he escaped after a group of men entered the courtroom and claimed there was a bomb in the building.He remained undetected until his arrest in 2012.
HM Revenue and Customs said there were 13m new accounts opened in 2014-15, down from 13.5m the year beforeThe figure, the lowest since 2004-05, will be disappointing for the Treasury, which is trying to encourage more people to saveIt comes in spite of an increase in the amount savers can put in to an IsaIn July last year the maximum subscription amount was increased to £15,000 for both cash and stocks-and-shares IsasThe accounts are free of both Income and Capital Gains TaxOne reason for the fall may be that savings rates have been so low that being tax-
A accident in East Sussex has led his family to warn of the dangers.
The device was able to track and damage a free-flying drone during the trial in California.
Around 200 people are feared to have drowned as they tried to cross from Zuwara, west of Tripoli, to Italy.
Northern Ireland international Jordan McLaughlin has joined Aberdeen on a season-long loan from Liverpool.McLaughlin's older brother, Conor, is also a right-back, with League One club Fleetwood Town,
The county council said they had to think about the upcoming winter even when it was "boiling hot".
Dom Dwyer: Why more British footballers are heading to US colleges. Former Norwich City and Staines Town striker Dom Dwinger is one of a growing number of British players heading to American colleges to study soccer.Dom Dwyer, who was signed by Major League Soccer club Sporting Kansas City, was one of the first British players to move to the United States to study at a US college in 2003. Former Premier League footballer Dominic Dwyer has signed up to a firm who help organise soccer scholarships at US colleges for young, talented British players. Former England youth international Dom Dyer has joined a firm that helps organise soccer
China's stock market has fallen by nearly 8% after a week of volatile trading that spread fear to global markets.The stock market fell more than 8% on Thursday after reports that a man had jumped to his death in Beijing due to the stock market slump and that as many as 1,300 people were killed in Tianjin blasts, Xinhua said.The news agency said "seditious rumours about China's upcoming commemorations of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II" were also among the offences.A total of 367 people remain in hospital after the 12 August blast at a warehouse where large amounts
EU interior ministers will hold an emergency meeting on the crisis on 14 September.
Jeremy Corbyn has defended comments he made about Osama bin Laden, saying he was "a total opponent of al-Qaeda, all it stands for".
Police said they were called to Wingfield Road, Alfreton, at about 03:55 BST on Monday.
"What are the rules and regulations for hosting a mouse race?"
Two suspects had been arrested following a chase on foot
Manchester United transfer news: David De Gea to Real Madrid. Manchester United have failed to complete the transfer of goalkeeper David de Gea from Real Madrid to Manchester United. David De Geea has been rejected by Real Madrid after failing to complete a deal to join Manchester United in a £36m transfer.The transfer window may be shut in Spain, but it remains open until 18:00 BST on Tuesday for Premier League clubs.
Peel Energy and United Utilities want to add a further 16 turbines at Scout Moor, on land between Rochdale and Rossendale.Rossendale Borough Council's development control committee gave the go-ahead for 14 of them.
Remortgaging loans approved in July hit the highest level for nearly seven years, the Bank of England data show.
Donations pour in to Paul Gallihawk's JustGiving page. Donations have poured in to 34-year-old Paul Gallihawk 's JustGiving page since he disappeared during a 750m open water swim on Saturday.
A paramedic who sexually assaulted a teenage girl while working for the ambulance service has been jailed for 16 months.The girl was aged 14 and 15 when she was sexually assaulted in summer 2013 and May last year.
Row Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis has been ordered to appear in federal court on Thursday to address a motion filed by one of the couples.
Pope Francis has loosened the rules that allow priests to absolve of the sin of abortion without seeking permission from a bishop.The Pope said many women who sought an abortion did so because they "believe that they have no other option".
HS2 Action Alliance says a paper by HS2 Ltd shows engineering work will mean closing parts of some passenger lines for 133 weekends, and some freight lines for 50 weekends.It would also mean 19 weekend closures at Euston station, the group said.
Steven Conway died while working at Diamond Wheels (Dundee) Ltd, a firm owned and operated by former Dundee FC director of football Paul Marr.
He is the mascot of the Mercian Regiment.
Northern Ireland crisis: Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson has urged the prime minister to suspend the Northern Ireland Assembly. The Northern Ireland government has been urged by the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Féin (Sinn Fein) to take unilateral action to end the political crisis at Stormont.The crisis was sparked by the murder of an ex-IRA man and the Ulster Unionists' subsequent exit.
Saracens' Jamie Hamilton is one of 11 players to miss out on Scotland's World Cup squad. Scotland's Jamie Hamilton has announced his retirement from international rugby after nine years with the national team. Scotland have announced the retirement of Jamie Hamilton, who made the last of his 63 Test appearances in the 16-12 victory over Italy last month.
"Inquiries into the circumstances are at an early stage."
Aylan Kurdi drowned along with his five-year-old brother Galip and their mother, Rihan. Their father, Abdullah Kurdi, survived.
The Co-operative Group has reported a pre-tax profit of Â£36m in the first half of 2015, compared with a loss of £9m a year earlier.The group said the turnaround was due to "robust trading" in its food and funeral businesses.
Hungarian PM Viktor Orban said Hungary would not allow migrants to leave its territory without registering.His comments came as Hungarian authorities opened the main rail station in Budapest to hundreds of migrants after a two-day stand-off.One train left, but then stopped near a migrant reception centre.Migrants mostly from Syria but also from Iraq, Pakistan and Afghanistan resisted efforts by police to get them off the train at Bicske, about 40km (25 miles) west of Budapest.Some people left the first carriage, but almost immediately there was resistance, a lot of people were banging on the windows, some were shouting "
Bromyard Community Hospital in Herefordshire is drafting in help from the Philippines and Europe to bridge the 80-post gap.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon says she will ensure Scotland will do everything possible to help in the refugee crisis. The first minister said images of Aylan Kurdi being carried from the sea had touched our hearts.
How do you build a system that recognises speech in 58 languages?How do you find someone's first photo of their golden retriever when it's never been labelled? (These aren't just rhetorical questions; the Google app and Google Photos do this, and many other companies are working on similar real-world applications of machine learning).
The venomous green-and-yellow snake has been missing since Wednesday, its owner told the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.The reptile escaped from a Florida home on Wednesday night and is believed to be on its way back to the reptile's owner's home in Palm Beach County.The snake was last seen at a home in the town of Lake Mary, about 20 miles (32 kilometers) north of Orlando, according to the commission.The owner is an "experienced snake handler" and has a permit to have the snake as a pet, said the commission's spokesman Greg Workman. The reptile
West Ham United supporters claim the club will pay up to £2.5m a year in rent, but the government says the deal has been "scrutinised" and "upheld".
A woman has been seriously injured in a domestic-related assault near Caernarfon's Crown Court and fire station.
Plans for a seven-day NHS have provoked a bitter row between the government and doctors' representativesMinisters argue thousands of people die every year because there is not the same level of service at weekends as during the weekBut Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt told the BBC doctors agreed with himHis claims come despite criticism from the British Medical Association, which has argued he has not given enough detail about the plans or explained how it will be fundedThe BMA has been given until next Friday to agree to discuss the plans with the governmentIn an exclusive interview and article for the BBC's "Scrubbing Up" column, the Nuffield Trusts
The US Department of Justice has announced new rules that will make it harder for law enforcement agencies to use cell-site simulators to track the locations of mobile phones.The new rules will come into effect immediately and also mean that "when the equipment is used to locate a known cellular device, all data must be deleted as soon as that device is located, and no less than once daily."
Northampton Saints' George North hopes to repeat his Six Nations form against Italy. North scored three tries in Wales' 61-20 win over Italy in the Six Nations in March.
Wales 1-0 Cyprus. Gareth Bale heads Wales to the top of Group B with a thumping header to keep them top of Euro 2016 qualifying. Wales captain Gareth Bale says his side are focused on Sunday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Israel.
Englandlingley.ac.uk England captain Eoin Morgan hits a run-a-ball 92 as he guides his side to victory against Australia at Headingley.England's second successive victory, after they also won at Old Trafford on Tuesday, and means the hosts can still send Australia home defeated across all formats after they won the Ashes 3-2 and the solitary Twenty20 international by five runs.Taylor, who was dropped on 6 and 35, top-scored with 85 off 64 balls.
Tony Abbott says the only way to prevent people dying at sea is to "stop the boats".
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of child abduction.
Highways England wants turn the hard shoulder into an extra lane between junction three by Heathrow Airport and junction 12 at Theale to tackle periods of heavy congestion.
Northern Ireland's former chief justice, Lord Alderdice, has called for the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC) to return to Northern Ireland.Talks will begin next week in Belfast in a bid to resolve the current crisis, sparked by the murder of ex-IRA man Kevin McGuigan Sr.Police believe that killing was in retaliation for the murderRead more at straitstimes.com
Samantha Ho, 39, was found in Curlew Place, St Neots, Cambridgeshire, on Saturday
A new blood test could help predict when a person will die, identify those at high-risk of dementia and could affect medicine, pensions and insurance.The test looks for an "ageing signature" in your body's cells by comparing the behaviour of 150 genes.It was developed by initially comparing 54,000 markers of gene activity in healthy, but largely sedentary, 25 and 65-year-olds and then whittling them down to a final 150.
Two German men have claimed to have found a World War Two German military train buried near the south-western city of Walbrzych in Poland.Local legend says a Nazi train filled with gold, gems and guns went missing near the city in 1945.
The men will be sentenced at a date to be confirmed.
BBC Radio listeners heard them in a celebratory montage
Jeremy Corbyn: 'I have got very few qualifications, but I have a fascination of reading and read a lot'. It's the first time a Labour leader has represented me in years. You vote Labour because that's what you do but it's so exciting to have a leftwing leader, not a Tory in disguise. It's not natural Labour territory. The party has lost every election here since 1950. At this year's general election, the Conservatives were returned with an 18,000 majority.But the people of Chelmsford, in Essex, were queuing round the block outside the city's civic theatre to
The permit does not allow the company to carry out fracking - hydraulic fracturing of the land - to extract any oil or gas
Hungary offers buses to migrants walking along motorway to Vienna. Hundreds of migrants have left Budapest station on foot after a stand-off with police, defying official efforts to take them to reception centres and register them.
At least 24 cadets were reported to have been left unconscious because pillows were stuffed with hard objects.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is eligible to play in the 2015 NFL season after a US judge ruled the league had "legal deficiencies" in its investigation into 'deflate-gate'. Tom Brady can now play on 10 September against the Pittsburgh Steelers after a judge ruled that the NFL's investigation into the deflated footballs scandal has been "unlawful".
Nico Rosberg was surprisingly beaten by his compatriot Sebastian Vettel in qualifying at the Italian Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes was 0.264 seconds quicker than Ferrari's Vettel, with Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton 0.035secs further adrift, while Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo failed to set the fastest time in the final part of the session.Lewis Hamilton's fastest time of the day came in the second practice session at the Autodromo Nazionale dell'Italia, where Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton set the quickest time in Friday's qualifying session ahead of Ferrari's Sebastian V
The pavilion and green from Billingham's John Whitehead Park are to form part of the 1950s town in Beamish open air museum
Mats Hummels: Germany back to their all-conquering best against Poland. The German side are brimming with talent - and that's without mentioning Toni Kroos or Mesut Ozil.
The BBC is in a global marketplace - Netflix, Amazon, Google, Apple and HBO - the traditional media landscape is being blown apart.The BBC's problem is looking after its core audience and responding to a technological transformation. The BBC will become an "open BBC for the internet age".
The Japan Society of Northern Ireland is a group of Japanese people in Belfast who are interested in Japanese culture.The society was formed nearly two decades ago, in 1996, to help Japanese people new to Northern Ireland to integrate, but its members say the society is about much more than that too.
Scotland coach Vern Cotter says the run-out will help his side in World Cup opener against Japan. Scotland head to the World Cup after losing their final warm-up Test 19-16 to France in Paris. Neil Cotter believes the line-out in Paris will help the Scots in their opening World Cup match against Japan.
The bodies were burned at a rubbish dump hours after the students went missing.But the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights says it has found no evidence to support claims that the bodies were incinerated.A Peruvian fire expert hired by the commission concluded that it was impossible for all the bodies to have been burned at the landfill site in the municipality of Cocula, in the western state of Guerrero. "There is no evidence indicating the presence of a fire of the size [needed] for the cremation of even one body."Jose Torero, from the University of Queensland in Australia, said it would have required
More Syrian asylum seekers to be let in, says Abbott. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has stopped short of boosting overall refugee numbers.
Ri Riham Dawabsha suffered severe burns to 90% of her body in the July attack.
Northern Ireland's dairy industry will benefit from an EU aid package worth 500m euros (£365m). The European Commission has announced an aid package to help farmers in Northern Ireland.The aid package includes new private storage schemes for dairy protein products and pigmeat. The aid package will be used to support the dairy sector in the various member countries.
Bath & North East Somerset Council has received 6,818 valid signatures in support of a referendum on a directly elected mayor. A petition calling for a referendum to be held on the idea of directly elected mayors has received more than 6,800 valid signatures. The petition was launched after the police and crime commissioner elections on 5 May 2016.
Maud Kells, who is 75 and from Cookstown, was shot outside her home in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
UKPC has also been reported to Action Fraud and the complaint is currently being assessed by the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau
North Wales Chief Constable Mark Polin said the police were likely to "bear the brunt" of further cuts to the Home Office budget by 2020.
The Basques have unique customs and a language - Euskera - that is unrelated to any other spoken in Europe, or indeed the world.The Basques are the closest ancestors to present-day Iberian farmers, according to the new study, which was published in the journal PNAS. The Basque people in northern Spain and southern France have puzzled anthropologists for decades.One theory proposed that they were an unmixed pocket of indigenous hunters.Now, a study in PNAS journal suggests they descend from early farmers who mixed with local hunters before becoming isolated for millennia.
The government in Berlin has broadly welcomed refugees, relaxing EU rules so that it no longer sends back Syrians to other EU countries.But it introduced temporary border controls on Sunday after admitting that its capacity had been stretched to the limit.
Glan Clwyd Hospital in Bodelwyddan had a two-star "improvement is necessary" rating in May in a report warning of major non-compliance with regulations.
Halfpenny ruptures anterior cruciate knee ligaments during Wales' 23-19 win over Italy at the Millennium Stadium on Saturday. Wales' scrum-half Rhys Webb suffered an ankle injury in the match against Italy.
Stormont to borrow £700m over four years to pay off up to 20,000 public servants. Stormont's budget is seen as vital to getting Stormont on a sustainable footing.
In any case, isn't it entirely unusual, almost unheard of in modern times, for British military action to take the life of a British citizen?
The new MRI scanner will be used in the diagnosis of a wide range of medical conditions, including cancer.The new scanner is being installed at the Belfast Children's Hospital in Belfast and is expected to be operational within two months.
Gateshead 2, Wrexham 1: Josh Gillies puts Tynesiders ahead. James Marwood (Gateshead) header from a difficult angle on the left misses to the left.Assisted by Sean Newton with a cross.Foul by Joel Logan (Wrexham).Foul on Jimmy Phillips, Jimmy Marwood, Jimmy Phillips and Joel Logan.Josh Gillies wins a free kick.James Marwood and Jimmy Phillips are fouled in the box.James Moke (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from outside the box is saved. Assisted by Lee Fowler.James Mackenzie (M
Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright were both IRA members who were abducted and murdered by the organisation in 1972Their bodies were found unexpectedly during a search for another of the Disappeared, Joe LynskeyAfter the official identification, Mr McKee's sisters, Maria and Philomena, told the BBC: "It is bittersweet news that our brother's remains have been identified."The news has hit us with the shock of reality, even though we were expecting it."We are so so glad that, after 43 years, he will now be buried with our mother who never recovered from his disappearance."Over the past 16 years, the
Rh Rhys Webb has been ruled out of Wales' World Cup squad after injuring his foot and knee in Saturday's warm-up game with Italy.The Scarlets wing is also drafted back in to the squad to take Halfpenny's spot.
Harrogate Autumn Flower Show will use specialist technology to ensure the winning fruit is of the Gigantomo variety.The giant entries must be from that strain of plant to win the Â£1,000 prize.
Yorkshire County Championship: Durham v Notts. Durham close 30 runs behind on 174-2, with Mark Stoneman making 62 and Scott Borthwick unbeaten on 56.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has called for an inquiry into the "idleness and futility" of prison life.He said the inability of prisoners to read properly or master basic mathematics made them prime candidates for reoffending.A system of "earned release" would be a major change from the current policy where most prisoners are automatically released on licence half way through their sentences.In July, Mr Gove said he recognised "technical and complex policy questions" about how such a change could be implemented.
Police said they were given "false and malicious information" suggesting an officer was to "be kidnapped as part of a terrorist plot".
The schoolroom in this camp, like all the 40 or so other buildings, is made of wooden frames on concrete floors, covered in plastic sheeting.Much of it is decorated with incongruous advertising pictures, black-and-white shots of men in sunglasses and designer stubble.It is part of the UK government's case that while it make take fewer refugees than other countries, it spends far more in helping people in the Middle East.It makes a lot of sense. But it is noticeable that the schoolroom is decorated by crayon drawings in black, yellow and red - the German flag.
Mercedes are understood to be against supplying Red Bull - who are contracted to Renault until 2016 -
Watford 2-1 Newcastle United: Daryl Janmaat gives Magpies lifeline. Watford boss Quique Sanchez Flores says his side deserved it because they played really well.Media playback is not supported on this device
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has announced plans to relocate 120,000 additional asylum seekers to EU nations, with binding quotas.It comes after a surge of thousands of mainly Syrian migrants pushed north through Europe in recent days.
The cigarettes and tobacco would cost an estimated Â£200,00 if bought legally.
FTSE 100 index closes 82.91 points or 1.35% up at 6,229.01.
Writer Dominic Greyer said organisers of the WI's Centennial Fair in Harrogate asked him to cover up coasters, mugs and tea-towels featuring some of Britain's saucier-named towns and villages.
The number of children in working families in poverty rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013.
Sports Direct workers demand living wage of £7.85 an hour. A protest at the company headquarters was one of about 40 being held on Wednesday, with Sports Direct shops across the country also targeted.
Sturrock has nearly an entire team of injured players with 10 of his first-team squad doubtful.
Birmingham City 2-0 Chelsea. Birmingham City beat Chelsea to reach the semi-finals of the FA Women's Premier League after Jo Potter's curling free-kick put the hosts ahead shortly after half-time.Chelsea were unable to respond and defeat ended their hopes of winning a domestic treble this season.
London mayoral candidate Andy Burnham has said he is "very proud" of his campaign team for getting this far in the Labour Party leadership election. London mayor candidate Andy "Andy" Burnham says he has won the race to become the next leader of the Labour party, after voters cast their ballots in the party's leadership election.Mr Burnham is up against Jeremy Corbyn, Liz Kendall and Yvette Cooper in the contest.Mr Corbyn only made it on to the ballot paper at the last minute when nominations were finalised in June but has become the bookies' favourite.But a campaign source said this was "c
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index spent most of the day in negative territory to close down 0.19%.
I'm a care worker who travels to different patients' homes. My hours of work are 35, working nine to five. I leave my house most days at 6am as I work on the M25 strip so it takes three to four hours to get to my first appointment. I have to commute two hours every day to my officeFor those with a permanent office (however lengthy your commute), this ruling will not have an effect.I think I'm affected. Should I expect a pay rise or a change in my hours?The ruling could eventually affect pay. Unions say the ruling does not directly deal with rem
A man who tried to behead a doctor at a Tesco supermarket has been sentenced to 14 years in prison for trying to kill him.Dr Sarandev Bhambra was singled out by Zack Davies who was heard saying "white power" during the machete attack at the store in Mold, Flintshire, in January.An ex-soldier rescued the victim.Davies, 26, of Mold, was convicted of attempted murder at the town's crown court in June and on Friday was told he must serve at least 14 years in prison.He said it was a "planned and racially motivated attack
Eleven people were killed when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed into traffic on the A27 on 22 AugustWest Sussex chief fire officer Sean Ruth said the recovery operation was "extremely challenging" for crewsSussex Police have also finished their work at the scene, but their investigations are continuingMr Ruth said the fire service had been "truly humbled" by the messages of support it had received."The thoughts and prayers of everyone at West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service continue to be with the families and friends of those killed and injured in the Shoreham Air Show tragedy," he said.
The turnout for the by-election was 25.1%.
Atletico Madrid 2-1 Barcelona Lionel Messi celebrates scoring his 287th La Liga goal for Barcelona.
An 18th Century building containing two businesses was destroyed in Sudbury on Sunday, with one woman rescued from an upstairs flat
David Haines was abducted while working as an aid worker in Syria, and held hostage for 18 months before a video of his murder was posted online.His brother Mike has been travelling the country spreading a message of religious tolerance and understanding.He urged UK communities to "extend the hand of friendship" to those in need.He said he had no hatred for young people radicalised by extremism, and said his brother's life "wasn't about hating".He said: "Those poor youths, the girls and boys who get twisted into going out there and given a false reality, I have no hate for them."Those
Gaps, Glitches and Speed Bumps on the No.
A group of travellers have been charged with conspiracy to hold another person in slavery or servitude.
Beth Mead is one of the best young players in the country
A 26-year-old man who was arrested and charged appeared at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday
American Justin Gatlin wins 100m and 200m at World Championships. American sprinter Justin Gatlin wins the 100m hurdles in Brussels in a time of 10.19 seconds to finish runner-up to Usain Bolt in both events in the World Championships.
French honorary consul in Bodrum sells dinghies and life jackets to migrants. An honorary French consul has been filmed selling boats to migrants hoping to reach the Greek islands.
Penglais Farm will have a total of 1,000 rooms.
Body of Waldek Mural, 57, discovered by a member of the public in Burley Park Burley.
The world's most experienced space flier was also joined by two crewmates, including Denmark's first-ever astronaut.
Four masked men forced their way into the house in Dunraven Avenue around 22:15 BST on Friday.
Police were called to an address in Holland Street at about 16:15 on Wednesday
Police believe Sean Corrigan may have been assaulted in the hours prior to his death.
One person dead, destroyed and threatened buildings in Northern California fires. The Valley Fire, which started on Saturday in Lake County, is said to have burned 40,000 acres (16,190 hectares).It reached the centre of the small town of Middletown on Sunday. Its 1,500 residents had already been ordered to evacuate.The fire spread quickly and witnesses saw flames reach up to 200ft (60m) in the air, according to local news reports.The woman who died was a disabled 72-year-old retired teacher, Barbara McWilliams, who lived on her own in Lake County on
LPGA Tour: Lydia Ko wins ANA Inspiration at 18 years, four months and 20 days old. Lydia Ko becomes the youngest player to reach the top of the world rankings after winning the ANA Inviration at the age of 18.
A man has died after a motorcycle accident at the Eastern Centre Championship in Ipswich, East Anglia.
Cuba detains dissident activists ahead of Pope Francis visit. Cuban dissidents have accused the Cuban Catholic Church of becoming too cosy with the government of Raul Castro and failing to speak out against human rights abuses.
Aberdeen winger Ryan Hayes given red card for challenge on Mikael Lustig. Ryan Hayes is given a straight red card by referee Craig Thomson for Aberdeen's 1-0 win over Hamilton.
Northern Ireland crisis: Northern Ireland talks continue. Northern Ireland secretary Theresa Villiers is now holding talks with all of the different parties to see if they can continue to work together to run the country.
Helen Williams was the first black woman to be named Miss America in 1983 but resigned after a magazine published nude photos of her without her consent.
Liza Minnelli cancels London Palladium talk. The US star has called off an event at the Palladium, when she was to have been interviewed by Sir Bruce Forsyth.
US and Swiss authorities are working closely with their Swiss counterparts, according to US Attorney Loretta Lynch.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has taken the oath of office as prime minister following the removal of Tony Abbott by the Liberal party.
Image Image: Surrey has leased all the time on the satellites to 21st Century Aerospace Ltd of Beijing
UK house prices rose by 5.2% in the year to the end of July, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said.
Researchers say the protein-infused patch may one day revolutionise treatment.
West Ham United supporters have submitted a Freedom of Information request to obtain the details of the London Stadium tenancy agreement.
Scotland was a nation. It was a battle not in memory of Stirling Bridge or Bannockburn nor to avenge Flodden or Culloden but for Scotland's wallets.The independence campaign of 2014 was almost entirely prosaic, with advocates focusing on what the late Professor Sir Neil McCormick called a "utilitarian nationalism".
North Korea's Yongbyon reactor has been the source of plutonium for its nuclear weapons programme, the US says. The US says the international community will not accept North Korea as a nuclear state.
Euston Arch, which was built in the 1830s, stood at the front of the station until it was demolished in 1962 when the station was rebuilt.
Prime Minister's Questions was much calmer than normal but the PM had not been put under any real pressure.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he will introduce mandatory minimum penalties for those who "endanger human lives by throwing stones, fire-bombs and explosives".
Hewlett Packard Enterprise to cut 55,000 jobs. The company says the cuts will save $2.7bn (Â£1.76bn).
The council said it considered relocating to a lower flood-risk zone but had not been able to find a suitable alternative.
The body of an armed forces medical officer who went missing in Malaysia has been found in a river, police said.The body was found after the oil drum was broken open.CCTV footage showed Mr Morais's car being trailed by another vehicle which rammed into him.
Sri Lanka's new government says it is ready to take action if there are allegations of war crimes against it.The UN human rights office has accused the Sri Lankan government of committing war crimes during the final stages of the civil war in 2009.The report said forced recruitment by the rebels would, if proven in court, be a war crime. The denial of humanitarian assistance - which it said the government might be guilty of - could also constitute a war crimes.
Wyre Forest District Council has granted planning permission for a £80m safari park and hotel at the site of a former zoo. The owners said their planned £80million development at Bewdley, Worcestershire, would create between 300 and 500 jobs.
Renault is in the process of trying to negotiate a takeover of the cash-strapped Lotus team.But Ghosn said there was still a possibility the company could walk away from F1.
West Ham have been told to publish details of the London 2012 stadium rental deal. The London Legacy Development Corporation - which manages the publicly-owned stadium - has been told by the Information Commissioner's Office to make the details public.
Donald Trump is still the focal point. But he saw tonight that his opponents are prepared to fight back.And so it was in the beautiful Simi Hills in California last night at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library that the Republican candidates took it in turn to try to give Donald Trump a bloody nose, a cracked rib, a thick lip and black eye.First up, flexing his muscles, and jabbing hard, was Senator Rand Paul on whether Trump had the character to have his hand on the nuclear trigger."I'm very concerned about him - having him in charge of the nuclear weapons, because I think his response, his -
Sir Sir Gareth Edwards has been named in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Singapore University of Singapore's (SMU) Career Centre is a place where you might expect to find yourself sitting in a lecture hall, listening to a bunch of students discuss their job prospects. Except that it's not your conventional image of what a lecture might look like.No-one's sitting down, or taking notes - not to start with at least.Instead they are all gathered around various whiteboards, participating in an activity about stereotypes and prejudices and how they get in the way of a productive working environment.It's just one of the ways SMU says it's trying to get its mainly Singaporean student population
Gaby Scanlon, of Heysham, Lancashire, was served the Nitro-Jagermeister while celebrating her 18th birthday in 2012.The court heard Ms Scanlon was left close to death after drinking the £3.95 shot.She was taken to Lancaster Royal Infirmary, where a CT scan found a large perforation in her stomach.She spent three weeks in hospital, undergoing surgery to remove her stomach and connect her oesophagus directly to her small bowel.Her solicitors told the court the experience, on 4 October 2012, had "completed changed" her life.
Lionel Richie to perform in Las Vegas. Lionel Richie is to play Las Vegas in April and May, and September and October next year.
The jury was told the speaker was being carried in a car that was stopped by police.
The local authority said the study also suggested that good teaching coupled with technology could benefit pupils.
Up to 100 new train driver jobs to be created in Scotland. ScotRail has launched a nationwide recruitment drive that will create up to 100 train driver roles.
Artist Tim O'Brien's portrait of Mozart will be projected onto buildings around the orchestra's home towns of Newcastle and Gateshead over the coming months. A portrait of composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart has been commissioned by the Royal Northern Sinfonia, which wants to challenge the Austrian's "chocolate box" portrayal, ahead of its new season.The portrait was painted by renowned American artist Tim O'.O'Brien previously made headlines by creating a portrait of Beethoven for the cover of Gramophone magazine, which was inspired by U2 singer Bono.Regarded as one of the greatest composers of all
He was part of the team that clinched the 2012 County Championship.
Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward. Seven Shi Tzu puppies and two full-grown lurchers were taken from a property in Winchburgh.
At least 11 people died in Wednesday's 8.3-magnitude quake - the strongest in the world this year - that sent tsunami waves as far away as Japan
A teenager who took her own life after being moved by the case of US teenager Leelah Alcorn is taking legal action against an Italian right-wing party for using her photo on a leaflet promoting a campaign against gender teaching in schools.The photo of Alex Elliot on the leaflet was taken by Ms Morelli as part of an art project.She said: "The last thing we ever wanted to do was inflict harm on the members of the LGBT community."To find out it was being used against them in such a malicious way was horrible.
John Wallace wins Ayr East by-election.
The Japanese otter was believed to be either a subspecies of the Eurasian otter or possibly even a separate species.Conservationists have suggested reintroducing otters to Hokkaido, an island in north Japan.IOSF supports conservation projects across the world.It also rescues and raises orphaned otter cubs.
A memorial will be erected at the spot where Sammuel Amin fell into the river after a night out in Bath last September.
Ben Wright: Glamorgan bowler leaves club. Ben Wright has left Wales after struggling to secure a first-team place.
BBC Radio broadcaster Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Radio Institute of Ireland (PI) hall of fame.
David Warburton, 59, has not been seen since 31 July.Police launched an appeal for information after he went missing; they said his M-reg.
Japan should learn "profound lessons from history", China's defence ministry said after Japan's parliamentary vote.The vote allows Japanese troops to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War Two 70 years ago.
Saido made his first start since at Villa, poking home a first-half strike."It's over now. As a club we move on and he's a very good player."This game was made for Saido.
Bishop Treweek is the first woman to run a diocese.
Coleraine 1-1 Crusaders. Paul Heatley is sent-off in the 41st minute after an off-the-ball incident with Lyndon Kane.
Jackie Collins: Raunchy novelist dies aged 82. The British-born writer, sister of actress Joan Collins, died in Los Angeles, her spokeswoman says. The family of author Jackie Collins, 82, has announced the death of the author, who died aged 82, of stage-four breast cancer. The mother of three daughters, Joan, Joanie, and Margaret, has died of breast cancer aged 82.The family statement said the writer lived "a wonderfully full life".
Housing charity Shelter said just 8% of councils had built enough to replace half of their stock sold through Right to Buy.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn says he will make rail renationalisation Labour policy at the party's conference in Brighton on Sunday 27 September.The Labour leader has previously said the railways should be renationalised along with Royal Mail and has opposed the high speed railway line HS2.He said Britain needed an "integrated transport system" without passengers having to buy different tickets for different lines.But the Conservatives dismissed the plan as an "ideological joyride".International Development Secretary Justine Greening warned it would waste millions of pounds of taxpayers' money at a time when the railways were enjoying record levels of investment on schemes like HS
Ramunas Macnoris is charged over separate gun attacks in Newry, County Down.
A new domestic abuse offence of "coercive and controlling behaviour" within relationships is expected to come into force later this year, after it was unveiled by Home Secretary Theresa May last year.
West Bromwich Albion 2-1 Everton Everton's Romelu Lukaku scores the winner in the 54th minute to give the Toffees a 2-2 draw with West Brom at The Hawthorns.Media playback is not supported on this device West Brom boss Tony Pulis: "The first goal kills us. The other two goals are poor goals - the second one looks offside, the linesman is looking the wrong side.
There are lines you just do not cross. And in the past two days, two of the Republican hopefuls, it seems, have done just that - one stumbled across the line, the other leapt across it so egregiously that it is causing reverberations.I don't know whether Dr Carson's words will bolster his position among the base after a somewhat lacklustre performance in the Republican debate last week at the Ronald Reagan Library - but what about the feelings of the three million Muslims who live in America? How is it going to feel to have a serious political figure, someone who aspires to lead this nation, essentially saying
Russian President Vladimir Putin says Russia will always be "responsible" for its actions in the Middle East.
The Woodland Trust's annual contest will decide which specimen represents the country in the Europe-wide event.The final winner of the England heat will be decided by public vote.This year's list includes yew trees, ancient oaks, hawthornes and the sycamore under which the Tolpuddle Martyrs first met.It is also said to be the spot where Henry VIII courted Anne Boleyn.It was chopped down in the Civil War but descendants survive at Glastonbury Abbey from where a flowering spray has been sent to the Monarch each Christmas since the 17th Century.This venerable oak
BBC Northern Ireland is planning to move from its premises at Broadcasting House on Ormeau Avenue.
The money, from its £74m capital reserves, is the latest part of a £13m loan package to attract new airlines.
Celtic keeper Fay to win 185th cap in Slovenia. Celtic goalkeeper Heather Fay says winning a record 185th international cap will probably be the most special moment of her career. Celtic keeper Heather Fay has said winning her 185th Scotland cap will be the "most special moment" of her international career.
Volkswagen shares plunged more than 18% on Monday after US regulators found that some of its cars could manipulate official emissions tests.The scandal comes five months after former chairman Ferdinand Piech left Volkswagen following disagreements with Mr Winterkorn."This disaster is beyond all expectations," Ferdinand Dudenhoeffer, head of the Centre of Automotive Research at the University of Duisburg-Essen, said. "It's way too early to say just yet. But the pressure is now on the car industry to prove that cheating the pollution figures isn't a widespread problem stretching across both sides of the Atlantic."To some extent, the
Lib Dem health spokesman Andrew Lansley Lamb has proposed a dedicated tax on every payslip to pay for the NHS and social care. The Lib Dems have proposed a new levy on every paylip to fund the health service and the social care system, former health minister Andrew Lamb has said. Andrew Lamb, the party's health spokesman, proposes a dedicated NHS and care contribution - separating it out from the rest of taxation, clearly identified on your payslip. I've been in the department.
The Scottish Football Association has launched a review of its performance school programme, which has seen 374 children receive up to 10 hours a week specialised coaching as part of their everyday studies.The SFA's performance director has been conducting a review since taking over from Mark Wotte.The programme is now in its fourth year, with this year's intake of pupils the final one of the initial scheme.Gauging its success thus far is tricky, with the oldest participants still only in S4, but McClair believes there are some good indicators.
London's first Lumiere festival will feature illuminations and animations projected at 20 locations in the West End and Kings Cross.
The project was the result of a joint study by two researchers - one specialising in robotics, the other architecture
Salford boss Marwan Koukash says Chris Paterson, 28, is moving to Leigh.
EU leaders are meeting in Brussels to discuss a plan to stem the flow of migrants to Europe.The summit will focus on tightening EU borders and aiding neighbours of Syria, from where many migrants come.The talks were continuing well into the night, having started just after 19:00 Brussels time (17:00 GMT).Draft proposals seen by the BBC, that are being discussed at the summit, include:.
China's Caixin manufacturing purchasing managers' index fell to 47 in September, below forecasts of 47.5 and down from 47.3 in August.
China's President Xi Jinping said foreign firms were welcome in China, and that Beijing would not manipulate its currency to boost exports.He also denied Beijing engages in hacking but said China would co-operate with Washington on the issue.Both issues have led to strained ties.Hacking and economic reforms are expected to come up when Mr Xi meets his US counterpart Barack Obama at the White House on Friday.
Maxine Peake will star as Titania, Lucas will be Bottom and stage star Elaine Paige returns to TV as Mistress Quince.
Eventbrite, a tech firm that offers an events organising platform, is one of the biggest players in the event technology market.Eventbrite's CEO, Rajesh Aggarwal, says the company has seen a huge increase in the number of events being held in the past few years, with more than 20 million events happening each year, but only 50,000 currently offering attendees an in-conference app, according to industry estimates.It seems we gregarious humans still love to press the flesh, chat in person and see things for ourselves, despite the availability of online collaboration tools, teleconferencing and
Mohamed is one of the thousands of people trying to cross Turkey's land border with Greece to reach Europe. The threat posed by the Islamic State group is driving the mass migration of people to Europe. Mohamed is desperate to cross safely into Europe, unable to pay the $2,000 (Â£1,300) demanded by smugglers for the boat trip to the Greek islands and unwilling to risk his life.But as the EU progresses with plans to redistribute 120,000 asylum seekers, the reality is that he will not be among them.
Belmont, a Grade II* listed building in Lyme Regis, has been restored following eight years of research and two years of restoration work.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to "remove the whole idea of the benefit cap". Jeremy Corbyn says he wants Labour to "review and refresh our thinking on social security".
Devon and Cornwall Police confirmed the body was recovered from rocks to the north of Tresco.
A koala has survived after being hit head-first in a car grill while crossing a road in Australia's south-western state of South Australia. Loren Davis was driving at 100km/h (62mph) on an expressway in Adelaide on Tuesday when she hit the koala as it was crossing the road. The koala only had minor abrasions and will be released into the wild soon.The koala was still conscious and growled as Ms Davis approached. She and her fiance finally pushed a blanket underneath its dangling arm so that it could push itself up and out of the grill.Animal rescue volunteers later
A biomass electricity generation plant, to be approved by the council, would use straw pellets as a raw material.
Margaret Stewart admitted stealing from her employer Ivanhoe Cambridge, which used to own Glasgow's St Enoch Centre.She used her position as treasurer at the boys club to pay cheques into its account before taking the cash.At Glasgow Sheriff Court, Stewart, 48, from Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, was also told to repay.
It would abolish community designation, the system by which MLAs must register as unionist, nationalist, or "other".Currently, 30 signatures on a "petition of concern" will trigger a cross-community vote, under which a majority of unionists and nationalists are necessary for a motion to pass.The bill would replace petitions of concern with another minority protection mechanism - 30 signatures from three parties or groups would be needed to require a motion or bill to have a "weighted majority" - 60% would be the threshold for success.There would also be a new rule for ministers.Collective cabinet responsibility would be
Michelle Davies from law firm Eversheds echoed concerns of employers' group, the CBI that the UK government decision to cut subsidies will damage investment and jobs.
Oculus' chief scientist Michael Abrash took a refreshing approach to his keynote - outlining all the things Oculus could not yet do. The problems are so great the team is not even trying to solve them - something for the next generation to tackle. But today we had a reminder of just how far we are from enjoying anything that comes even close to producing an fully-immersive world - one that can recreate common human feelings and emotions; the sense of being somewhere else, with other people, feeling different sensations. One is providing a sense of smell, a sensation so integral to experiencing, and later remembering, a new place
UN agencies and NGOs ordered to leave rebel-held parts of Luhansk and Donetsk. The head of the UN's humanitarian agency in eastern Ukraine says the rebels have ordered UN agencies to leave the rebel-controlled parts of the region. "Hospitals cannot perform surgery because they lack anaesthesia.
Watchdog: Sophie Raworth and Michelle Ackerley join Matt Allwright and Chris Hollins. Watchdog's new series begins next month.
Ministers want all pupils to study maths, English, science, one of history or geography and a modern language at GCSE.
Scotland scrum-half Greig Laidlaw was man of the match in their opening Pool B win over Japan.
Commentators on the internet have been quick to make fun of Mr Boehner over the years, but his willingness to show emotion has also endeared him to many
President Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have agreed that neither country will engage in cyber economic espionage.The deal covers the theft of trade secrets but not national security information.President Obama said any escalation in China's alleged cybercrimes against the US would prompt sanctions.
Hayes Fuels director Allister Hayes and risk manager Stanley Gibson both pleaded guilty at Belfast Crown CourtMr Gibson pleaded guilty to two charges, while Mr Hayes.
Eurotunnel said there were waiting times of up to three and a half hours at the terminal in Folkestone and an hour in
The National Trust is at Rhossili on Saturday, searching for remnants of a village which was engulfed by sand.
UKIPUKIP made big inroads into traditional Labour heartlands in May's election - coming second to the party in a host of seats in the north of EnglandBut Mr Aker, who lost to Labour by 800 votes in Thurrock in May, said Labour had "ceased to exist" as a party of working people, choosing to "lecture rather than represent them".Citing the smoking ban as an example of a policy that had hit C1 and C2 workers, he said: "They (Labour) say all the time, despite ignoring the facts, that it was the pit closures that destroyed all the communities."
Sarah Johnson was one of 21 women heading to Liverpool when their minibus was hit by a lorry on the M62Her friend Bethany Jones, 18, was killed while Ms Johnson and several others were badly hurtMinibus driver James Johnson was jailed for more than six years for causing Bethany's death, in April 2013Ms Johnson, who broke her shoulder, back and pelvis, said the help she received from a charity while in hospital led her to want to support othersSpeaking publicly for the first time about the crash, Ms Johnson described how everyone was "excited and giddy" for the hen party"To me the
The Royal Society Winton Prize is worth Â£25,000 to the winner."Anthropocene" is the word used by many scientists to describe the epoch of humanity's profound influence on the Earth.There are arguments over when our activities started to distort natural processes, but there is no doubting the effects today.Pollution, species loss, over-exploitation of water and mineral resources, and of course climate change.The list goes on.This is "the age we made".Gaia knew all the data from her job as a science reporter, but she wanted to see the impacts first-
The council's head of neighbourhood and strategic housing, Kristine Reeves, was later sacked over the affair.
Laura Trott wins the women's individual pursuit title at the British Cycling Championships in London.Laura Trott, 23, of Leeds, wins the men's keirin and Katie Archibald, 22, of Scotland, takes silver and bronze in the individual sprint.
Bradford City 2-1 Rochdale. Bradford City manager Keith Hill tells BBC Radio Manchester:Media playback is not supported on this device
Newport County 2-1 Exeter. Newport County manager John Sheridan says his side played very well against Exeter at Rodney Parade.
Oxfordshire County Council wants to improve travel times on the A40 between Oxford and Witney. A public consultation has opened on a strategy to improve the travel times between Oxfordshire and Oxford.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault after an attack on a woman in Cardiff.
Katie Archibald wins the women's individual pursuit at the Para-cycling BVI 200m time trial. Olympic gold medallist Katie archibald celebrates after winning the individual pursuit in a repeat of Friday's race.
Junior doctors in England and Wales have voted in favour of a new contract which will see their working hours extended to include 7am to 10pm on every day except Sunday.The British Medical Association said the ballot reflected doctors' anger.But the government described the current contracts as "outdated" and "unfair".The BMA said the sticking point was over NHS employers' refusal to budge on classifying Saturday shifts in the same way as weekday ones.
Linfield 3-1 Glenavon. Linfield's Kirk Millar and Andrew Waterworth score two to put Linfield ahead with Kris Lindsay pulling one back but Mark Haughey gets the winner with a deflected header.
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew says Crystal Palace received no bids for Crystal Palace striker Wilfried Zaha. Crystal Palace manager says winger Wilfried zaha could end up leaving the club if he can improve his end product.
Jeremy Corbyn's "marrow moment" may be quickly forgotten.But it won't be surprising to see it all over the newspapers and stuck in people's memories.It was a reminder that before Mr Corbyn even tries to win the battles he will certainly face this week - over nuclear weapons, over how to balance the country's books, or over the way Labour makes its decisions - his team's priority must be, get through the week without mishap.For party conferences are strange, intense, microclimates where the what is said on the stage, however carefully crafted or considered, can be subsumed by our old friends,
Mark Jones, 43, who had been in hospital since the incident on 26 July, died on Saturday.
British troops will join a United Nations contingent supporting African Union troops fighting al-Shabab in Somalia.Up to 300 could also be deployed in South Sudan over time.British forces deployed there will provide combat training and medical, logistical and engineering support.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has arrived in Silicon Valley, California, on a mission to bring some of that success, and wealth, back to India.His visit, which was welcomed by more than 20,000 expats on Sunday evening at a stadium reception in San Jose, comes at a time when Indian and Indian-American success is truly formidable.There's the charismatic Satya Nadella in charge at Microsoft. There's the 10-year-strong reign of Shantanu Narayen at the top of Adobe. And more recently, Sundar Pichai took over as chief executive of Google - a role many said
What looks like snow is actually harmful snow-white froth that floats up from the city's largest lake and spills over into neighbouring areas.
A man has died after he was found floating face-down in the water near Albert Pier in Cornwall.
The SDLP's youngest MLA has been nominated by nine party branches to challenge the party's leader, Jim McDonnell, who has led the party since November 2011.Mr Eastwood said his party has had poor election results, was lacking in ideas and he wanted to take it in a fresh direction.He said his challenge "was not personal " and said politics needed "a new generation".He said Dr McDonnell has "given his life to the SDLP " and would continue to be South Belfast MP.Dr McDonnell has faced calls to stand down as leader from a number of party grandees including Brid Rodgers and Seamus Mall
Tata Steel's Shotton galvanised steel line could be closed from the end of October or November.
Poland's ambassador to Russia has been summoned to the Russian foreign ministry over comments he made about the start of the Second World War.The ambassador, Andreyev, said he was referring to the catastrophe in Poland, not to the beginning of the war.
The coalition government introduced the meals a year ago for all pupils in the first three years of school in England.
Sevilla 2, Barcelona 1: Luis Suárez and Neymar equalises. Barcelona's Lionel Messi scores a late penalty to give his side a 1-1 draw with Sevilla at the Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium. Lionel Messi celebrates after scoring the equaliser for Barcelona against Sevilla in the La Liga Champions' 2-1 win at the Santiago Bernabeu. Barcelona striker Lionel Messi reacts after scoring his side's equaliser with a 74th-minute penalty in a La Liga clash with Villarreal Sevilla's victory was their first at home against Barca in seven years. Luis Suarez scores a penalty to
Nepal to ban climbers who cannot see or walk or who don't have arms from climbing Mount Everest. The Nepalese government is considering banning climbers who are unable to climb Mount Everest or who have lost both legs or arms to frostbite, the tourism department says. Nepal's government says it will not issue permits to people who cannot climb the world's highest mountain because it is not safe for them.
The BMA said it would be asking members in England about whether they wanted to take action.
Porto 2-2 Chelsea: Andre Andre gives Porto the lead. Andre Andre puts Porto ahead in the Champions League with a superb free-kick from the edge of the area as Chelsea come away from the Estadio do Dragao with nothing. Porto's Andre Andre scores his side's second goal of the game to give them a 1-1 draw with Chelsea at the end of the first half.Andre Andre (Porto) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Diego Costa.Attempt blocked. Conceded by Marcano.Second Half ends, FC Port
Paul Walker's daughter alleges Porsche took safety shortcuts. Paul Walker was a passenger in a Porsche that burst into flames when it hit a lamp post in November 2013.
The contract was signed on 1 October 1962 at Epstein's office in Whitechapel, days before they released their first single, Love Me Do
Rolls-Royce may spend research budgets overseas if government support for innovation is cut: Unite. A senior Unite officer in the East Midlands has said he fears the company may move research and development overseas.
The Mourne Heritage Trust is one of the charities helping refugees and asylum seekers to settle into their new lives.Mary McAnulty from the organisation says it works closely with the Mourne heritage trust.The intention has been to help the refugees to make new friends, improve their language skills and explore part the country.
VW diesel emissions scandal: How many cars are affected?The scandal is continuing to hit VW's share price.
A court has ruled that it is illegal to make or publish false statements about any candidate during an election campaign.The case is believed to be the first of its kind in Scotland for 50 years.It was brought by four constituents who argued that Scottish Conservative MP Michael Carmichael misled the electorate over a memo claiming SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon would rather have seen David Cameron become prime minister. A court in Edinburgh has ruled it is legal to make false statements of fact about any politician during an Election campaign.A court in the Scottish capital is to hear evidence on the next part of a case brought by a group of constituents who argue that
Ashley Brace, from Ebbw Vale, Blaenau Gwent, could not compete at the Commonwealth Games because of her kickboxing past.
Gerry Adams will not face any charges in connection with the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service (PSNI) has announced. Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said he will not be charged with involvement in the 1972 murder of the mother-of-10, who was abducted from her west Belfast home, shot and secretly buried.The decision was made after a series of meetings with members of the family, most recently this morning, about all of our prosecutorial decisions and we will continue to engage with them as we progress the prosecution of Ivor Bell.I voluntarily went to the PSNI last year
The court was told the weapon used in the shooting in February 2015 has not been recovered.
Andrew Pimlott, 32, was holding a lit match at his parents' home in Plymouth in April 2013. A police officer who fired a Taser at a man who was threatening to set himself alight has told an inquest that he believed he was set on fire by the weapon.
Gatwick claims Sir Howard Davies's decision not to back a second runway at the airport in West Sussex was flawed.
Dr Ben Clark, 40, was one of three air ambulance staff to be honoured at the Pride of Britain awards
Axel Springer is one of Europe's largest digital publishing houses, owning multimedia titles such as BILD, WELT, and FAKT.
The deal will see 600 Jamaican nationals sent back home to serve their sentences.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III begins with a mission where players must investigate the "mysterious disappearance" of a CIA station.Ahead of its worldwide release on 6 November, US-based games maker Activision launched a series of tweets, setting up the opening scene for a fictional attack in Singapore.
If the 70th UN General Assembly had a face, it would not only be showing its age, but it would be covered in the cuts and bruises from unending wars, new coups and the perennial problems of poverty, hunger and the new open, weeping sores that are the movements of the desperate and despairing across oceans and borders.
Native American tribes to grow and sell marijuana in a similar way to some US states like Colorado in 2014.
The Lego Movie creators Chris Miller and Phil Lord and Fox 21 TV Studios have optioned the rights to the podcast, reports Deadline.
Giant panda to be born in Hong Kong. A female giant panda is due to give birth to a cub at Hong Kong's Ocean Park.
Schalk Burger and JP Pietersen score for South Africa. South Africa: le Roux, Pietersen, Kriel, de Allende, Habana, Pollard, du Preez, Mtawarz, Bismarck du Plessis, Vernon Vermeulen, Visser, Vaidelen, Pietersen, Veltie, Vierge, Verenik van der Merwe, Paide, Vellie, Jantjies, Vries, Vithinck, Jannes van Wyk, Vitts, Vereen,
The poor summer has had a big impact on the small, flying mammals.Some of the very young ones have been abandoned because their mothers.
Alan Trotter is to leave Alliance Trust, while chief executive Katherine Garrett-Cox is to step down from the board.
Nearly 1.85 million requests for support were made last year, but just over 650,000 people received help.
Bangladesh police are investigating the murder of an Italian aid worker who was shot on Monday, with the Islamic State group saying it is responsible.The two-Test series was due to begin in Chittagong on Friday, 9 October."One man gets killed, an Italian, and the tour is off.The Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) said it was "disappointed" by the decision but is "committed to rescheduling the series at a later date".On Wednesday, the BCB had promised "VVIP" treatment for the Australian team, saying they would be given the same level of security afforded to visiting
Scottish local authorities have pledged to take in at least 2,000 Syrian refugees, the Scottish Council for Local Authorities (Cosla) has said.The Scottish government has pledged to accept at least 1,000 of the 20,000 refugees which the UK government has agreed to take.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho cleared of discriminatory comments. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been cleared of making discriminatory comments to Chelsea's Cristina Carneiro.
World Cup 2014: Wales beat Fiji 23-13 to move top of Pool A. Wales coach Warren Gatland believes Australia can knock England out of the World Cup and send them through to the quarter-finals.
Troy Newman was detained in Melbourne on Thursday after entering Australia without a visa. Troy Newman has previously called for the execution of abortion doctors.
GP practices are being paid to help local NHS groups limit the number of patient referrals and cut costs, the doctors' magazine Pulse found.Appointments affected include scans and consultations with specialists - including those for cancer patients.The British Medical Association said such incentives were "misguided".At least nine clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) were offering GP practices payments for hitting targets, according to Pulse's investigation.In one case, Birmingham South Central CCG was offering practices more than Â£11,000 to reduce new outpatient attendances, follow-ups, A&E attendances and emergency admissions by 1%, compared with
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says he will work closely with the Nauru government to ensure the safety and the security of refugees on the Pacific island.
Transport for London (TfL) announced a public consultation process to decide how the city's private hire trade should be regulated.Proposals include improving the driving and English language skills of drivers and stricter insurance requirements.But Uber said that the proposals would raise prices and add to congestion in London.
Hamburg's new law is described as a temporary, emergency measure. It will allow the authorities to confiscate empty commercial properties in the city, in the north of Germany, if they are not used for housing for asylum seekers.The new law will be in force until March 2017.The authorities in Bremen, a city just west of Hamburg, are considering passing a similar law.Germany expects to host at least 800,000 asylum seekers this year - about four times the number it had last year.Many are from war-torn Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan. But the thousands arriving also include asylum seekers from Kosovo,
Zac Goldsmith wins 70% of the vote in the race for London mayor. London Assembly Member Andrew Boff, MEP Syed Kamall and London's deputy mayor for crime and policing Stephen Greenhalgh are among the three candidates who have been elected to the mayoral election. London's mayoral election is set to take place on 7 May. Mr Goldsmith, who has confirmed he would stand down from Parliament if he became mayor, triggering a by-election, said he wanted to build on current mayor Boris Johnson's achievements.
Perth Common Good Fund Committee will meet next week to consider bids to turn the hall into a food market or a hotel.
Wifatch is a piece of code that infects a device without user consent and, in that regard, is the same as any other piece of malware.
The inquest into the FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest on 15 April 1989 heard from a former police officer who said he was asked to make changes to his statement. A former West Midlands Police officer has told the inquests into the deaths of 96 Liverpool fans in the 1989 FA Cup disaster that he had been asked by an inspector to change his statement. Derek Bruder, who was 22 at the time of the disaster, said he conceded "to the doctor's medical superiority" when it was suggested Kevin could not have been alive when Mr Bruder tried to revive him.He said he had seen the teenager move while
BBC Two on Friday 2 October, and afterwards on iPlayer
Scotland can reach the World Cup quarter-finals with a victory at St James' Park on Saturday.
A mother-of-two has been cleared of four counts of sexual activity with a minor.
UkraineUkraine crisis: Russia tests new weaponsUkraine 'can't stop Russian armour'In Paris, Russian President Vladimir Putin met Ukraine's Petro Poroshenko, France's Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time since they agreed a peace deal for Ukraine in Minsk in FebruaryThe Normandy Four meeting assessed all elements of the deal, including the staging of local elections in the rebel-held regions and the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the line of contact
Basil Khan and Omar Mohidin were 16 when they were hit and racially abused by officers in Edgware Road, north west London in 2007, the High Court heard.
Bridgefoot Sports Centre has been upgraded for the first time in more than three decades.
US President Barack Obama says a strike targeting Taliban in the northern city of Kunduz may have caused "collateral damage" to a nearby medical facility.At least 12 MSF staff members and seven patients were killed in the incident.The hospital, run by the medical charity MSF, was severely damaged by a series of strikes lasting more than an hour from 02:00 local time on Saturday.The UN called the strikes "inexcusable and possibly even criminal", with Secretary General Ban Ki-moon calling for a thorough and impartial investigation.International and Afghan military planners have an obligation to respect and protect civilians at all
DickDick Advocaat leaves Sunderland after just eight games in charge.The 68-year-old Dutchman was appointed in March, when the Black Cats were one point above the relegation zone.He guided them to safety and was due to leave the club in the summer, only to sign a new one-year contract.Assistant head coach Zeljko Petrovic has also left the club.
Lethal Weapon joins films like Rush Hour, Uncle Buck, Training Day and Minority Report in being remade for TV.
A Chinese man has been arrested after making a 37.5km lap around Beijing in 13min and 43 sec, driving three times faster than the official limit.
The UK's businesses are considering what reforms, if any, will be best for them.
The research, by William C Campbell, Satoshi Omura and Youyou Tu, has led to drugs to treat diseases affecting more than 3.4 billion people around the world.One of them, malaria, most people have heard of. But the other two illnesses, onchocerciasis or "river blindness" and lymphatic filariasis or 'elephantiasis" - both caused by roundworm parasites  - are lesser known.
Australian businessman David Prior said he hoped to double production at Bladnoch Distillery, near Wigtown.The single malt will be relaunched and he also has plans to introduce a new blend called Pure Scot.
A trailer was taken from Burton's Foods Ltd on Ty Coch Way, Cwmbran, Torfaen
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong do not get enough support to learn Cantonese, according to a new study.The study, published by the Equal Opportunities Commission, found that children of ethnic minority families in the city do not receive enough support in school and in the labour market.It also found that Chinese-medium schools were reluctant to give application forms to non-Chinese parents, and many ask children to have Chinese speaking skills by age three.As a result, there is a concentration of ethnic minorities in a small number of kindergartens.The practice of communities studying separately has also meant that children grow up without interacting with
Paralympian Oscar Pistorius has been referred back to the parole board after a decision over his early release was blocked by the justice minister.The Paralympic star was jailed for five years in 2014 for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp.He has been fighting a lengthy battle to be released early from jail.Pistorius was due to release in August, but remained in prison after Justice Minister Michael Masutha made a last-minute intervention blocking it.
Cheetah Conservation Botswana says it has found the body of one of its biggest cheetahs, Legolas, shot dead in Botswana.Legolas, named after an elf in Lord of the Rings, helped researchers understand how the animals hunt together.The body was found next to a highway along with a shotgun cartridge, in what the group called an "unnecessary and unprovoked attack".
Greggs says wage pressures could drive costs up next year. Greggs, the UK's biggest bakery chain, has reported a rise in third quarter pre-tax profits of 51.3%.
Lucio Barani was said to have gestured in the direction of Barbara Lezzi from the opposition Five Star Movement.
A 15-year-old boy was attacked by a man and woman in their 40s on a train at Patterton station in Glasgow.
A 17-year-old girl from Evesham has been charged with an attempted kidnap of a child
Turkey's military says a Russian Mig-29 aircraft has locked its radar on to Turkish F-16 fighter jets over the Syrian border for more than five minutes over the Turkish-Syrian border.Turkey's army says it has summoned the Russian ambassador over the incident, which it says took place on Saturday, and says it is examining claims of another violation.The incident comes as Turkey's army accuses Russia of violating its airspace over the country's north-western province of Idlib, where rebel groups have made significant gains against government forces in recent months.Russia has denied that civilians have been killed by Russian strikes in the past week,
Sixty seasonal workers have had their contracts terminated early and eight permanent staff have been made redundant.
Pauline King was found at The Avenues in Norwich on 22 February. A man has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering a woman and sexually abusing her dying body in an "act of desecration".
The man has been released on bail until early December.
Ospreys players Olly Cracknell, De Kock Steenkamp, Dan Baker, Dafydd Howells and Sam Parry
Two officers have since resigned, Sussex Police said.The investigation came after they filmed themselves near the site of the air crash.
Ahmed Mansoor was one of the human rights defenders nominated for the award by a jury of 10 global human rights organisations.
"I'm a great believer that that's my time with my family and if you want to make a comment at 3 o'clock on a Saturday, when you've paid your money to come to the game," Foster says. "It's not just negative, people come up and ask for signatures and photographs and they're very complimentary. But the ones who are not are the ones that stick with you. It's not nice being told how rubbish you are."I'm pretty bad about going home and beating myself up about it, so the last thing I need is somebody else telling me how bad I was.
What is behind the South East Asia haze?
AB InBev raises offer for SAB to £42.15 a share. Any deal between the two would create the world's biggest brewer.
Part of Ysgol Glan Clwyd in Saint Asaph will be demolished in November, with new classrooms, assembly, music, drama and dining areas created
Isle of Man TT: Why Paul McGuinness is faster than many of his rivals. A new data analysis has revealed why British road-racing champion Paul King is so much faster than the rest of the world's best motorcyclists. The data analysis was done using a battery of biometric and mechanical sensors to record every aspect of man and machine in action. British motorcyclist Paul King has become the fastest rider in the history of the Isle Of Man TT, a time-trial race that lasts 1 hour 50 minutes around a course with 250 corners.The results were surprising, not least to McGuinness himself.
Flash Gordon star says he came across a woman in labour while visiting London's Richmond Park in 1963. Flash Gordon actor: I was running all over Richmond Park and a woman was having a baby under a tree and there was nobody around.
IS and other jihadist groups appear to be exploiting new functionality introduced by the app last month, which allows users to broadcast their messages to an unlimited number of members via their own Telegram "channel".The group's claim for an attack on Saudi and Emirati forces at a hotel in the Yemeni city of Aden on Tuesday was posted first on Telegram, for example, although Twitter remains a key platform for IS to spread its message.
US president Barack Obama has apologised to Doctors Without Borders (MSF) for the bombing of a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan.MSF wants the bombing to be investigated as a war crime.
Wales are a point clear at the summit of Group B, with the top two teams qualifying automatically for Euro 2016Even if they lose their final two qualifiers - unlikely as Andorra have never won a competitive game away from home - Wales would still reach next summer's tournament if Israel fail to win both of their remaining fixtures against Cyprus and group favourites BelgiumWith the insurance of a home game
The Ministry of Peshmerga Affairs said blood samples from about 35 fighters revealed traces of sulphur mustard.It did not say if any of the peshmerga had died as a result of the attack, or how severely they had been wounded.Mustard gas can burn skin and cause severe respiratory problems, and is banned under international law.
Northern Ireland health minister Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin.
The mental health of this group of women during pregnancy and after birth - whether the illness already existed beforehand or developed for the first time - has been of particular concern to mental health professionals for some time. Depression, anxiety and stress can be the overriding feelings they experience and, if left untreated, the risk increases that they develop into serious psychiatric disorders, such as schizophrenia, psychoses and eating disorders.
Dismaland is also sending a team of chippies and builders out to the camp, who will be creating any structures that we need with the materials.
Chesterfield striker Yves Gnanduillet has made 98 appearances in total for Chesterfield since joining them in January 2013
He was released on bail and will appear in court again on 19 November.
Q: Mark Cooper's League One side have been hit by several injuries this season.
Lionel Messi and his father Jorge are accused of defrauding Spain of more than €4m (£3.1m; $5m).
Chelsea Ladies 1-0 Glasgow City. Chelsea Ladies beat Glasgow City to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Super League.
Libya unity deal: Fayez Sarraj nominated as prime minister. Libya's UN envoy has announced a list of proposed ministers for the proposed unity government. The UN has announced the names of the proposed prime minister and deputy prime ministers for a unity government in the country. Libya has had two rival parliaments - an Islamist-backed one in Tripoli and an internationally recognised one in the east.The UN's envoy has said he will propose a unity unity government to replace the existing government in Tripoli with a new one in Tobruk.Libya has suffered years of unrest since the overthrow of dictator Muammar Gaddafi
A man in India has confessed to beheading his wife and walking around the city of Mumbai with her severed head, police say.Police suspect he is mentally unstable and are seeking more information.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp appointed as Brendan Rodgers' successor. Liverpool boss Juergen Klopp has been appointed as manager of the Premier League champions, replacing Brendan Rodgers, with a three-year deal worth £15m.Media playback is not supported on this device "I'm not a genius, I don't know more than the rest of the world. It's really easy to handle it."It is 25 years since Liverpool last won the league - their 18th top-flight title - under Kenny Dalglish."Twenty-five years ago is a long time," said Klopp. "History is only the base
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to meet with Prime Minister David Cameron at his country residence, Chequers.
Northern Ireland qualified for the 2015 FIFA World Cup.
Wales: Dan Biggar; Alex Cuthbert, George North, Jamie Roberts, Liam Williams; Paul James, Scott Baldwin, Samson Lee, Luke Charteris, Alun Wyn Jones, Sam Warburton, Justin Tipuric, Taulupe Faletau.Sin bin: Will Genia (76)Australia: Israel Folau; Adam Ashley-Cooper, Tevita Kuridrani, Matt Giteau, Drew Mitchell; Bernard Foley; Scott Sio, Stephen Moore (capt), Sekope Kepu, Kane Douglas, Dean Mumm, Scott Fardy, Sean McMahon,
The move to make the state property registry secret is not yet law - it still has to go before parliament. It was proposed by the Federal Security Service (FSB), successor of the KGB.A government committee approved the proposal this week. Most Russian MPs are government supporters, so it looks likely to become law.
Sports Personality of the Year 2015 tickets have sold out.
Ice Age stone tools found on Islay in the Inner Hebrides are thought to have been made by people of the Ahrensburgian culture, which flourished in mainland Europe towards the end of the last Ice Age
Star Wars actor Anthony Davis has tweeted that his touring caravan has been stolen.The Swift Archway Cranford 545 caravan was stolen from a site in Yaxley, Cambridgeshire, on Thursday nightHe added the thieves could have "headed north or south on A1, or west on A14".Davis, who played the role of Wicket in the third of the original Star War movies, is also appearing in the forthcoming Star Wars: Episode VII.Davis's credits include Professor Flitwick in the Harry Potter films and Nikabrik in The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
Japanese-owned chemical firm Sekisui Alveo said production at its Merthyr Tydfil Industrial Park plant will end by March 2018.
Marta Corredera and Dan Carter help Arsenal Ladies to victory over Birmingham City. Arsenal Ladies beat Birmingham City Ladies 3-0 to reach the Women's FA Cup semi-finals.Spain's Marta Corredera curled the hosts into an early lead before England striker Dan Carter doubled their lead moments later.
Sunderland sack Dick Advocaat. Sam Allardyceases Sunderland as the first person to manage both the Black Cats and rivals Newcastle.
Elgin City 0-1 Alistair Roy's shot secured the victory with three minutes left.
Michel Platini suspended by Fifa over payment to Sepp Blatter and Jerome Valcke. French Football Federation president Michel Platini has been suspended by the Fifa ethics committee over a 2m euros (£1.35m) payment he made to the president of Uefa.
Ireland 14-9 France: Sexton, O'Connell and O'Mahony injured. Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton was forced off in the first half with a suspected groin injury, while Ireland flanker Luke McGrath was carried off at the end of the second half with another leg injury. Ireland captain Peter O’Mahony was forced to be taken off with a hamstring injury in the second-half after being tackled by France full-back Mathieu Bastareaud.
European Tour: Matt Fitzpatrick and Ian Poulter share the lead after opening round of the DP World Tour Championship. Matt Fitzpatrick carded six birdies in nine holes in a 65 to take a share of the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic.
The famous Cold War nuclear warplane crossed Woodford Aerodrome near Stockport, where it was made in the 1960s
Jamie Jamie Peacock, Kevin Sinfield and Kylie Leuluai ended their rugby league playing careers with the 22-20 win over Wigan Warriors at Old Trafford, which completed Leeds' domestic treble
MotoGP: Dani Pedrosa wins Japanese Grand Prix. Spanish MotoGP world champion Marc Marquez's two-year reign as world champion is over after his title defence ended at the Japanese MotoGP Grand Prix in Suzuka. Spanish rider Dani Pedroma wins the MotoGP race at Suzuka in Japan after taking the lead seven laps from the end.
Rugby World Cup 2015 in Newcastle has been a "huge success" for the region, says NewcastleGateshead Initiative chief executive Sarah Stewart.
Aras Özbiliz (Armenia) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.Armenian goalkeeper Kamo Hovhannisyan (Albania) saves a shot from the right wing.Armanian goalkeeper Haris Seferovic (Armania) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Migjen Basha (Ardenia) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Taulant Xhaka (Arbania).Armando Sadiku is shown a yellow card in the attacking half.
South Sudan peace deal unlikely to work, rebel leader says. A rebel leader has said he may take up arms again after a peace deal in South Sudan is not likely to work. South Sudan's government says it will withdraw all foreign troops from the country by the end of November, but a rebel says he might resume fighting because of President Salva Kiir's recent decree creating 18 new states.
Lancashire faces the harshest budget cuts in England.
An administration oversight allowed US student Sanmay Ved to buy the right to control the domain on 29 September.The oversight left him in charge of Google.com for about a minute until Google caught on and cancelled the transaction.
Northampton Town striker Jordan Toney: 'I've got to be a big man for myself'. Northampton striker Jordan Taylor says he is working on physical strength to compete in the Premier League.
Cardiff Council is consulting on plans to introduce a cycle lane on Pontcanna's Cathedral Road, make some streets one-way and remove a traffic island.
Josh Hanson, of Kingsbury, north-west London, was stabbed in the neck at the RE bar in Eastcote, Hillingdon.
I am compelled to write and seek review of an historic case of rape. Unusually, and contrary to current practice and the ACPO/CPS Guidance on the Investigation and Prosecution of Rape Cases, the investigation into the serious allegations in this case was dropped before the suspect was interviewed. This is shocking in itself. It further troubles me that the senior police officer who dropped the case revealed to the victim he apparently took a series of worthless stereotypes and other irrelevant points into consideration. I invite you to note, in particular, that he told the victim - who had been locked in a flat and tried to escape from the bathroom
The Man Booker Prize is open to all authors writing in English, regardless of nationality.The winner will be announced at London's Guildhall at around 21:45 BST.This year's shortlist features two authors from the UK, two from the US and one each from Jamaica and Nigeria. The winner of this year's Man Booker Prize will be revealed at a ceremony in London on Thursday.
Motherwell manager Mark McGhee says Gordon Strachan has asked him to carry on in his national role should the Scotland boss decide to remain in charge.
China's imports fell 20.4% from a year earlier to $145.2bn, a steeper fall than had been expected.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg met in a Facebook townhall in Menlo Park, California, on Wednesday.But what was it that really happened in Menalo Park?India with an internet population of 354 million - which has already grown by 17% in the first six months of 2015 - is an obvious target for not only Facebook, but other Silicon Valley giants.And they have all been more than happy to pledge their support for digital India - a recently launched government initiative aimed at reinvigorating an $18bn (Â£11.6bn) campaign to strengthen India's digital infrastructure.Google
South African Breweries (SABMiller) has agreed a £44-a-share offer from Brazilian brewer Anheuser-Busch InBev to buy SABMiller. The deal, worth about £70bn, will create the world's biggest brewer. South African brewer SAB Miller has agreed to a £45-a share offer from Brazil's AB Inbev.
The company's management team says the internet means that pornographic magazines are no longer commercially viable.
Sir Bruce Forsyth is expected to recover in time to co-host Strictly's Children In Need special.
Meryl Streep has opened up about sexism in the film industry, saying that even she receives less pay than male co-stars.The Oscar-winning actress, who is also a writer and director, wrote an essay about her experience in the industry in which she said that she was not able to fight for more money because she didn't want to seem 'difficult' or'spoiled'.The actress, whose film The Post was released in the US last month, said she only found how much less she was being paid when emails from Sony Pictures were hacked last year.In the article on Lena Dunham's site L
The number of Syrians who have come to the UK so far this year has not been revealed by the Home Office, Home Secretary Gavin Harrington has said. The Home Office has not revealed the number of refugees who have arrived in the UK since the start of the year, the Home Secretary has said.Mr Harrington said he had calculated that meeting the 20,000 target would require an average of about 350 arrivals each month, a figure which Mr Vaz said would be "very reasonable".However, Mr Harrington added: "I would just like to make it clear that whilst the mathematical correction is correct, in practice some quarters may be
UKIP councillor Jeff Elenor announced on Tuesday he was defecting to join the Democratic Independent Group.
SeaWorld has been told to stop breeding orcas in captivity.
"It is not a political gimmick to have sound public finances," he said. "Yes the deficit is vitally important but we need a paradigm shift."
Former NBA star Lamar Odom dies after being found unresponsive in brothel. Former NBA player Lamar Odell Odom has died in a Nevada brothel after he was found unconscious in a brothel. He was too tall to be airlifted in a helicopter.
Prince Charles and Camilla arrive in the New Zealand capital Wellington on 4 November.
Intel's third-quarter net income fell to $3.11bn (Â£2.03bn) compared with a year ago for the personal computer giant.
The University of Wisconsin successfully claimed that Apple used its microchip technology without permission in some iPhones and iPads.The patent, filed in 1998, is said to improve the power efficiency of microchips.
India's pharmacists are to go on strike to protest against online drug sales.A number of companies are selling drugs online to tap a market which is estimated to be worth $10bn (Â£65m).Although the pharmacies will be shut, customers will be able to buy emergency drugs using special telephone numbers printed on posters and newspapers.
China's consumer price index (CPI) rose 1.6% in September compared with a year earlier, China's National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said. That was lower than analysts' forecasts of 1.8%, and down from the rate of 2% recorded in August.
Riot police quelled skirmishes between rival fans behind one of the goals just before kick-off in England's 3-0 win
Broken swords and spearheads were found by archaeologists on the RSPB Scotland nature reserve.
The space agency has set out a three part plan, which it hopes will eventually lead to humans living on Mars by the 2030s.Unlike the Moon, humans have never physically set foot on Mars, we've only ever used robots like the Curiosity Rover.By exploring Mars with robots for the last 40 years Nasa has found out lots about our neighbouring planet, including the recent discovery that there is flowing icy water under the crust.They hope that this huge mission will help us to learn even more about not just Mars, but Earth as well.Nasa are also curious to find out if studying Mars could help us find out more about
Tommy has had an operation after he ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee against Stoke.
Haseeb Hamayoon, 28, sent the image to friends and a co-accused branding the officer "kaffir" - non-believer - London's Woolwich Crown Court was told.The image, allegedly taken on 19 September 2014, shows the back of the officer and was apparently taken by someone in a car.The court was told that the men were planning to carry out an attack using a Rambo-style knife.Mr Syed replied: "He's looking for u mate. Mi5 sent him to keep eye on y."The messages were exchanged on encrypted messaging service Telegram.Prosecutor
Martin Foran, 71 and from Manchester, served a total of 18 years in prison but was twice cleared on appeal.The Ministry of Justice said it only pays compensation when a conviction is quashed "because of a new fact."But, Mr Foran says despite being found innocent his ordeal has left him ill and unable to pay basic bills.Mr Foran was convicted in 1978 of robbery following an investigation by the since discredited West Midlands Serious Crime Squad.He was portrayed as an IRA member by a regional paper and served six years of a 10-year sentence.Between his release and his successful appeal, he was found guilty
Shopflifter Tatiana Duva-Rodriguez, 46, is licensed to carry a concealed weapon, but police said she should not have opened fire because her life was not in danger.
The average price of the cheapest match-day ticket has gone through the £30 barrier for the first time in the Premier League.
The Burmese government says it has signed a ceasefire deal with seven of the armed groups which have been involved in talks to end a decades-long conflict with ethnic and other ethnic groups in Myanmar.But the most active of rebel groups have not signed the agreement, which comes after two years of negotiations.Read more: Ceasefire marks milestone for Myanmar
Some of the messages were briefly visible in the background of the scenes depicting a Syrian refugee camp in Lebanon.The artists said in a statement that they were initially reluctant about the commission "until we considered what a moment of intervention could relay about our own and many others' political discontent with the series"."It was our moment to make our point by subverting the message using the show itself," they said.Caram Kapp, one of the artists, told the BBC: "In this graffiti we are trying to call for a more differentiated view of the region, and we're also trying to say that things aren't as simple as
An exclusion zone remains in force on the river while experts make safe the sea mine which was spotted on Monday.It is thought to be a British mine, dating from the 1940s or 1950s.
Diana Sacayan, a well-known activist for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights, was found dead in Buenos Aires on Tuesday.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he is "relaxed" about when the service is introduced, as long as it happens before the end of autumn. "We've done without it for 150 years and I'm sure we can rub along a little bit longe."
World Cup 2014: New Zealand fly-half Dan Carter scores his 300th World Cup try as the All Blacks beat France to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup. The All Blacks were almost out of sight at half-time, Julian Savea scoring two tries and Brodie Retallick and Nehe Milner-Skudder one apiece.A try by Louis Picamoles had kept France afloat but when he was sent to the sin-bin French hopes evaporated.Savea completed a fine hat-trick and Jerome Kaino, Kieran Read and Tawera Kerr-Barlow
The Miscarriage Association, which came up with the figure, wants people to open up about baby loss to break what it calls "the last taboo".One mother has gone a step further and filmed the aftermath of her miscarriage for a documentary, to challenge the secrecy surrounding it.Lisa Francesca Nand, from Greenwich, has suffered five miscarriages in total, including one the day before her 12-week scan."One minute I was pregnant, we were planning the future and thinking about being a mummy and daddy. Then suddenly, in the space of a few hours, I was no longer going to be parents, it
Eddie Howe signs new contract with Cherries. Eddie Howe has signed a new contract at Cherries to take him through until 2020.
The St Athan Search and Rescue Helicopter Service was officially launched on Thursday.It started operating on 4 October and has so far completed eight missions.The new base is one of 10 being set up around the UK by 2017.
Raban Alou, 18, is charged with aiding and abetting the killing of police accountant Curtis Cheng, 58, on 2 October.
One person died overnight after being hit by a freight train at the Channel Tunnel's Coquelles terminal
Craig Hughes, 33, of Flint, was arrested in August after he chatted online with the Hope Line Crisis Centre in Tennessee.
Thousands of pounds were allegedly stolen when security guards were targeted at the Hatfield Avenue Shell garage in Fleetwood
A falling robot can damage its components and also the people around it.
The plane crashed in Holme Fen during a 300mph (483km/h) training mission
Moseley Road Baths in Birmingham and Wentworth Woodhouse near Rotherham, Yorkshire, are listed on the 2016 World Monuments Watch.
Bailey competed in the children's event at Castle Howard in July
Westminster paedophile ring inquiry: Former Labour MP John McKelvie resigns after being told he may be required as a witness. Former Labour minister and former child sex abuse victim John McElvie has resigned from the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse in England and Wales (IICSA).Former Labour MP and former victim of child sexual abuse in England & Wales (sic) has resigned, the inquiry into historical abuse has announced.The IICSA inquiry will investigate whether "state and non-state institutions have failed in their duty of care to protect children from sexual abuse and exploitation".
Alastair Cook celebrates his 263-run double hundred in the first innings of the first Test between England and Pakistan in Abu Dhabi. England captain Joe Root makes 85 and Ben Stokes hits 57 as Pakistan's bowlers toiled on day three of the second Test between the two sides. Alastar Cook celebrates a century in the second innings of England's first Test against Pakistan in the UAE. England skipper Joe Root celebrates his double hundred as he and captain Joe Stokes combine for an innings of 85 runs to give England a two-wicket lead over Pakistan. England's Alastara Cook celebrates after his
Bus use has been falling across the UK since 2008 but the drop has been sharpest in Wales
The cuts in renewables subsidies, coupled with tax breaks for oil and gas, sent a worrying signal to the coming UN climate summit in Paris.It is unusual for a senior UN official to criticise the policies of a leading member state in such forthright terms.
A 16-year-old suspect was arrested and remains in custody in South London, police said.
Pakistan v England: England edge out of Pakistan in Dubai. England's victory charge was built on a superb total of 598-9 declared in their first innings, but the tourists were eventually beaten by the fading light, finishing 25 runs short of a famous victory on 74-4. England captain Alastair Cook, whose record-breaking 263 in the first innings was ultimately in vain, admitted England were frustrated to come so close to victory. "We played a good game and so did Pakistan. They were a bit sloppy today and we put them under pressure.
World Cup 2014: Wales 13-12 South Africa. Wales coach Warren Gatland says his side were not good enough to win the World Cup. Wales lose to South Africa in the final pool match of the 2014 Rugby World Cup and end their campaign with a 13-13 draw. Wales boss Warren Gatlands says his team were not "good enough" to win their World Cup semi-final against South Africa and end a disappointing campaign. South Africa beat Wales in the closing stages of the tournament with a late try by Fourie du Preez to give the Springboks a 17-13 victory.
Cardiff striker Rhys Jones will miss the rest of the season after suffering a shin injury while on international duty with Trinidad and Tobago.
London Fire Brigade said it was called to the arena on Millennium Way, Greenwich, at about 11:15 BST.
A man and a woman were assaulted in licensed premises on Castle Street
David Cameron wants to go further than create new punitive powers and, like his predecessor Tony Blair, reset the public debate on community cohesion and society's duty in combating all extremism.The government has already introduced two fundamental changes to how it wants to prevent violent extremism.Ministers have already cut funding to Muslim groups whom they suspect of harbouring views that are anathema to a liberal open democracy.Secondly, public bodies including schools and universities are now under a duty to prevent people being drawn into extremism.Mr Cameron now argues that fighting extremism demands a greater response from society by finding ways to intervene before someone has gone down the road
We just did not get the start that we needed," said Ireland coach Joe Schmidt.
Cardiff City 0, Bristol City 0: Elliott Bennett saves from Kodjia. Elliott Bennett (Cardiff City) left footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left.Attempt saved. Anthony Pilkington (Bristol City) header from the edge of the area is saved by Cardiff goalkeeper David Marshall.Elliott Bennett hits the right post with a right footed free kick.Attempt blocked. Alex Ralls (B Bristol City) shot from very close range is saved, but the ball is deflected to the right.Attempt missed. Sammy Ameobi (
The government has announced a new counter-extremism strategy to tackle the spread of violent extremism in the UK, including the creation of blacklists and new powers to ban people deemed to be extremists from travelling to Syria and Iraq.The government has also announced new measures to stop people travelling to the Middle East to fight for the Islamic State (IS) group.The plan, which will come into force on 1 July, will also include the introduction of new powers for parents of children aged under 16 to request the cancellation of passports - even where a child has taken or hidden the actual document - since July.It will also
Northern Ireland's delegation to Colombia peace talks. A Northern Ireland delegation is in Colombia to discuss the status of the peace process in the decades-old conflict between the Farc rebels and the government.The two sides have been holding peace talks since 2012.
Yorkshire Sculpture Park is expecting its biggest ever year, with more than half a million visitors. The poppy arch segment, Wave, consists of 5,800 ceramic poppies falling from Cascade Bridge into the Lower Lake.
Ann Maguire, 61, was killed at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds, in April 2014
Strictly Come Dancing's O'Donnell says he was 'disgusted' to have been voted off. Donegal entertainer Declan O’Donnell says his anxiety was sometimes so bad he had struggled to walk down the stairs before the live show.
Malakal: South Sudan's second city. I am lucky - the rainy season is almost over. All I have to contend with is the broiling sun and the clouds of mosquitoes.I arrive, on a tiny United Nations charter, at the UN camp, just to the north-east. It is where 45,000 former residents of the city now live.I have seen places wrecked by war, but never a city vanish like this. There are horrors aplenty elsewhere, and for long periods, the airport at the town has been inaccessible because of the fighting.But much has been wrecked simply by looting
The Hideout in Austin, Texas, is one of the most popular comedy clubs in the US.The Hideout, which opened in 2009, is run by comedian Kareem Badr and his two friends, who are now making $500,000 a year from the business. It's no joke. It's not just entertaining them, it's also informing them," he says. "There's a new immediacy to stand-up that makes it much more appealing to a generation that's on social media, tweeting, face booking and blogging.
Iran denies it has deployed any combat troops in Syria, but a week before the offensive began, it was reported that hundreds of Iranian troops had arrived in Syria in preparation for an imminent assault […].
The case could set a precedent that influences how other EU regulators handle complaints about data sent to US-based computer servers for processing and storage.
Donald wins British Masters. Luke Donald has won the British Masters at the Grove Golf Club in Woburn.
Costco store manager Roger Cooper, 41, and ex-soldier David Cooper, 39, both deny killing Sameena Imam, 34.Ms Imam had been having a two-year affair with Roger Cooper and issued him with an ultimatum to leave his partner.
The Age UK review identified more than three million people aged over 65 with a care need, but found just two-thirds of them were actually getting help.
Lord Ashcroft, a former Conservative Party chairman and donor, is said to be recovering in hospital in America.Lord Ashcroft suffered septic shock leading to renal and liver failure and heart damage, a report from Channel 5 TV in Belize reported.The report, which was played to guests at the launch event in London, said he had become unwell in Turkey on 22 September - where he had been visiting war graves to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign - the day after the Daily Mail started serialising the book.He later flew to Turks and Caicos but his condition deteriorated and on his
The sculpture of Hindu goddess Uma Parameshvari is thought to have been stolen from a Shiva temple in Tamil Nadu in southern India.
Martha Cooper & Henry Chalfant are two New York City graffiti artists.
Singer Patti Collins has paid tribute to her friend Shirley Mitchell.In a Facebook posting, Collins claimed "a close mutual friend" said Mitchell "is walking, talking, painting some, doing much rehab every day".Folk singer Mitchell has been undergoing treatment since she was found unconscious in her home in March.She is known for songs like Big Yellow Taxi and Case of You."I have another friend who went through something similar," Collins' post continued."It does take a long time, three years for my friend, who has really totally recovered professionally and personally.I will try my best to see our songbird when I am in
Workie, as the animal is called, will star in a TV advertising campaign that starts on Wednesday evening.
The UK and Ireland are among the countries that can now sell beef to Canada.The EU Commission said it was a welcome move, as EU farmers "are going through a particularly difficult period".
Bradford has won the Curry Capital of Britain competition for the third time in a row. Bradford has once again won the curry capital of Britain title after winning the competition in 2014.The West Yorkshire city was praised for holding several curry-themed events, including a poppadom-eating challenge.Glasgow finished second and Brighton came in third.
Michael O'Neill: Former St Mirren and Cowdenbeath coach Mark Macphee proud of Northern Ireland. Mark MacPhee says he is proud of the way Northern Ireland have managed to win the Europa League and qualify for next summer's World Cup finals in France.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) said a rideable on charge in a bedroom in Southwark.
Congolese opposition wants to stop Sunday's referendum on the country's constitution.The vote is aimed at pushing through changes to the constitution.
St Kildans harvested gannets and great auks from the cliffs of Stac Lee and Stac an Armin.
A report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) has warned that a failure to reintegrate returnees may lead to further radicalisation.
A replica of the cane that he used in his portrayal of dinosaur creator John Hammond in Jurassic Park is expected to fetch between £3,000-5,000
AET said the school had less than 40 pupils and the Department for Education had confirmed its agreement to closing the school at the end of December
Charlton boss Yossi Luzon: 'I need to worry only about the next game'. Charlton manager Yosschi Luzon says he needs to focus only on the next match and not on his team selection.
A man has been charged with the historical offence of sexual assault on a boy under the age of 16.
The All Blacks were five points behind at half-time with a man in the sin-bin as four penalties from Handre Pollard cancelled out Jerome Kaino's early try.A Dan Carter drop-goal and a Beauden Barrett try put the champions ahead.South Africa replied with two penalties but a Carter effort in between secured victory despite ferocious Bok defence.It was seldom pretty but once again in this World Cup there was a gripping finale, the All Blacks holding that two-point lead for the last 12 minutes as their opponents finally tired.No team has ever retained the Webb Ellis trophy, but the All
CIA director John Brennan's old AOL account has been hacked by a teenager who claimed he was protesting against US foreign policy.The CIA said there was "no indication" that anything classified was released.But the documents do include a draft security clearance application containing personal information.They appear to all date to 2009, when Mr Brennan was seeking security clearance.
Ex-BBC journalist Jacky Sutton found dead at Istanbul airport. A former BBC journalist has been found dead in a toilet at Istanbul's Ataturk airport.
Leeds council discusses plans aimed at improving the city's transport network and changing its image as what a report calls a "motorway city".
Ibrahim Adamu was a member of Fifa's executive committee for four years until 2010
The police helicopter crashed onto the busy Clutha bar on 29 November 2013.The helicopter crew who were killed were pilot David Traill, PC Tony Collins and PC Kirsty Nelis.The seven customers in the bar who died were John McGarrigle, Mark O'Prey, Gary Arthur, Colin Gibson, Robert Jenkins, Samuel McGhee and Joe Cusker.An earlier interim report said the engines had shut down even though there was fuel in the reserve tank.Some relatives said the briefing had left many questions unanswered, and underlined the need for black box flight recorders to be fitted in
Mexico's attorney general said a member of Guzman's legal team, described as the mastermind, was also arrested.Guzman, head of the Sinaloa cartel, escaped from a high-security prison through a specially dug tunnel.Attorney General Arely Gomez told reporters on Wednesday that the suspected mastermind of the escape had repeatedly entered Altiplano prison to visit Guzman and update him on the operation's progress.She said the two pilots who flew Guzman to his home state had also been arrested under suspicion of giving inside help to Guzman.
Bill Palmer, from Southampton, called the Alex Dyke show on BBC Radio Solent about his life after his wife went into a nursing home.
More than 130 owners have reported overheating problems behind the glove-box area.
Sir Keir Starmer said there was a "very strong case" for the Crown Prosecution Service to make the final decision on whether to prosecute cases.The CPS said cases should be referred to a prosecutor as early as possible.Department of Transport figures show 113 cyclists were killed in the UK last year.Last year a Freedom of Information request by BBC's Newsbeat found that between 2007 and 2014 there were 276 recorded incidents where a cyclist was killed in an accident involving a motor vehicle.Of these, 148 - 54% - resulted in the driver of the vehicle being charged with an offence. Of those found guilty, fewer than
China's schools educate an estimated 192,000,000 children - a fifth of the world's school age children.
Glasgow Warriors: Lamont, Naiyaravoro, Vernon, Lyle, Hughes, Weir, Blair; Allan, MacArthur, Fagerson, Swinson, Cummings, Harley, Favaro, Wilson.
Howler monkeys are named for their impressive howling roars - sounds they make to intimidate rivals and impress potential mates.And their anatomical musical instrument is a bone in their throat called the hyoid bone, which acts as a resonator.
The Sahitya Akademi has condemned "any atrocity against any writer" in India, and urged writers to take back their awards.The statement came as 100 writers protested outside the council, demanding it take measures to protect freedom of speech.
Leanne Wood: SNP leader praises Plaid Cymru leader. Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon says she will always work with Welsh Plaid leader Leanne Wood in the best interests of Scotland and Wales.
South African president Jacob Zuma has agreed to freeze all university increases to meet the demands of the #FeesMustFall campaign.The protests have cut across South Africa's deep political divide: Black and white, rich and poor stood side by side.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has rejected the idea that Wales is a net beneficiary of being in the EU.He said the UK had "given away control of industry, fishing, farming and business to Brussels".
Contact lenses are available to buy on the internet, in novelty stores or at market stalls, close to Hallowe'en
Cardiff Bus says 90% of its 540 Unite union members back offer.
"Ultimately this was a very sad series of incidents. Our investigation found that North Wales Police officers did act in a proportionate and reasonable way in their interactions with Morgan."
Shropshire Council has received a letter of notification in respect of Emstrey Crematorium.
But for Ivorian entrepreneurs, access to funds and training is sometimes complicated.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) says processed meat has been placed into Group 1 as the scientific evidence says it definitely does cause cancer.Red meat is in Group 2A, however, because the WHO says there is insufficient evidence to give a definitive ruling.The World Cancer Research Fund charity argues for "as little as possible" processed meat and 500g of cooked red meat (or the equivalent of 700g raw) per week.An eight ounce steak is 225g.In the UK, official advice is for no more than 70 grams a day of red or processed meat so a couple of slices of bacon.Meat is
Wales Rugby Union has renewed its contract with Under Armour as the kit supplier for all Wales international teams.
Lego will tell us what to do, or not to do. Ai Weiwei is known for his criticism of the Chinese government as well as for being one of the world's leading contemporary artists.
Alternative Model of the Year: Zoe Waters, 19, from Bishop Auckland, is a student at Newcastle University.
Swansea came into the match without a win in six games and fell behind at Villa Park to a Jordan Ayew strike.But Sigurdsson's 25-yard free-kick got the visitors back on terms before Ayew's brother, Andre, nicked a late winner for Swansea."It was an important win, especially after going 1-0 down," said Iceland midfielder
The Lord Advocate has appealed for calm following a row between Kenny MacAskill and Aamer Anwar, the lawyer representing Mr Bayoh's family.
Lewis Hamilton wins thrilling United States Grand Prix to seal drivers' title. Lewis Hamilton celebrates after sealing the title with his 10th victory of 2015.
Daniel Scioli narrowly edges Mauricio Macri in Argentina election run-off. President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is constitutionally barred from seeking a third term.
"Lego is giving us the definition of what is 'political', and all the big corporations are telling us what to love or hate.
The BBC has announced the longlist for its Sound Of 2016 list, which will be announced on 8 January 2016.The list, compiled by a panel of 144 DJs, critics and writers, highlights 15 rising acts for the coming year.It includes Canadian R&B sensation Alessia Cara, singer-songwriter Frances and witty rap collective Section Boyz.Last year's victors were pop trio Years and Years, with previous winners including Adele, Sam Smith and Haim. The list is rounded off by electronic producer Muru Masa and 16-year-old folk singer Billie Marten.
Dean Owens' research of his family tree influenced the writing of Dora, a track on his Nashville-recorded album Into the Sea.The song is about his grandmother, Dora Salvona Owens, who grew up in a circus.
Dollar Financial UK, which owns brands including The Money Shop, Payday UK and Payday Express, has agreed to pay out £700,000 in compensation to customers who may have suffered as a result of its lending practices.It is the third-biggest repayment by a payday lender in recent years.
Captagon pills, which typically contain amphetamine and caffeine, are consumed widely in the Middle East.
Adele's Hello is the lead single from her third album, 25, which is due out on 20 November.The star is also set for a US number one, after selling roughly 450,000 downloads in 48 hours.The song's video, which also premiered on Friday, has been watched more than 70 million times on YouTube.Directed by Canadian film-maker Xavier Dolan, the video sees Adele raking the coals of a faded relationship.Her ex-boyfriend is played in flashback scenes by Tristan Wilds, a former child actor from acclaimed crime series The Wire, who released his own Grammy-
BP has revealed that it is preparing for a low oil price for the foreseeable future.The oil major reported a drop in pre-tax underlying profit for the third quarter of 2015, compared with the same period in 2014.The company's operating profit fell to $1.7bn (£1.1bn) compared with $2.2bn (£2.4bn) in the same quarter of 2014.That's a pretty precipitate drop.For upstream, the company's pre-loss per share was $0.04 (£0.01) compared to $0.05 (£0.01) in 2014
The Dalzell Task Force, chaired by Business Minister Fergus Ewing, was set up at the start of October "to support workers and communities affected by Young's Seafood's decision to reduce its operations in the town".It is the latest in a series of task forces set up to tackle problems ranging from job losses to environmental crime and the refugee crisis.The task force is made up of representatives of Young's, the Usdaw union, Scottish Enterprise, Skills Development Scotland, Aberdeenshire Council, local MPs and MSPs.It will reconvene next month once final figures have been produced to
Teenager hit by car on Ancrum Road near Ninewells Hospital.
Gordon Smith, 44, was found dead on Lake Road about 400m (0.2 miles) from his home on Church Street Mark Russell, 27, previously of Holly Terrace, pleaded not guilty to manslaughter
Poland elections: Law and Justice wins majority. A single party has won enough votes in Poland's parliamentary elections to form a government, the BBC's Adam Easton reports.
A British man and his son have died after a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of British Columbia, killing five people on board.The Leviathan ll, operated by Jamie's Whaling Station and Adventure Centre, capsized near the town of Tofino in British Columbia on Sunday afternoon.Stephen's mother Julie was rescued from the Leviathan ll.Nigel Hooker, 63, from Southampton, Salford-born Jack Slater, 76, who had lived in Canada for many years and Katie Taylor, 29, also died.A 27-year-old Australian man from Sydney is still missing after the accident on
Leigh Chase was banned for seven matches in April for a dangerous throw on Huddersfield forward Brett Ferres
Lynx became extinct in the UK 1,300 years ago.
Bill Bailey's manager said two thieves broke into the production room to steal two laptops and car keys.The van was parked in the theatre car park.A spokesman for the performer said the show went on "regardless of the chaos this has caused to our tour".She added it had, "sadly tainted our visit to the good city of Liverpool".The comedian's Limboland tour continues later in Cardiff.A Merseyside Police statement said: "Officers received a report that a Mercedes Sprinter van was stolen from the car park of the Royal Philharmonic Hall, Hope Street, Liverpool, at around 14:30
South Yorkshire Police and Humberside Police and are to cut the number of dogs and handlers to a combined total of 25.
The Northern Ireland Prison Service would be given funding for training at Maghaberry and Magilligan prisons as its training centre in Millisle, County Down, has been closed.The Northern Ireland Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) would also be allocated about £20m to refurbish its existing training facilities at Garnerville police station in east Belfast.
A bomb exploded after being thrown at Coalisland police station on 26 March 1997.
A police spokeswoman said Army bomb disposal officers "carried out an examination of a suspicious vehicle, however, nothing untoward was found".
Abby Wambach: US star striker to retire at the end of World Cup tour. The United States striker will retire after winning the 2015 World Cup and two Olympic golds. The US striker will play her final game on 16 December against China.
Reg Foggerdy who disappeared last month while hunting a feral camel in Western Australia.Police trackers found him sitting under a tree on 12 October, around 15km (9 miles).
The Suffragette Oak in Kelvingrove Park won a public vote from six trees shortlisted in the competition.
The Library of Congress has ruled that vehicle owners are entitled to modify their cars, which often involves altering software, but changes such as extracting and selling code would still breach copyright.
Zanzibar election cancelled because it won. The opposition says the vote on the islands was cancelled because the ruling CCM party won. A presidential election in the semi-autonomous archipelago has been scrapped because it was full of gross irregularities, the chairman of Tanzania's electoral commission has said. The president of Zanzibia has said the country's elections have been cancelled because they were full of fraud.
The site at Knottingley, West Yorkshire is to burn fuel from refuse, industrial and commercial waste including wood, said operator Multifuel Energy Ltd.
Three people were left seriously injured in the incident on Marine Drive, Rhos-on-Sea.
The shelter - in a hollow left behind by a fallen tree - at Blick Mead was used over a 90-year period from 4336 BC, it is believed.
The man, who was between 5ft 7ins and 5ft 11ins tall, was discovered by a highway worker at the bottom of an embankment.
Scott Kelly and Kjell Lindgren had to grease the station's big robot arm, re-route some cables and remove some insulation.
Barclays said it had seen slow progress with its so-called non-core businesses, which it is selling.The bank said profits before tax not including those settlements dropped 10% to £1.43bn for the July-to-September period.
A blue plaque has been unveiled recognising the work of Edward "Taffy" Bowen, outside his childhood home on Stepney Lane, Cockett.
Donald Trump and Ben Carson, with no political experience, were under attack from the start.Ohio Governor John Kasich condemned their "fantasy tax plans" and added: "We can't elect someone who doesn't know how to do the job."Mr Carson, a retired neurosurgeon who has edged past Mr Trump in national polls, had a quiet night in Boulder.His tax proposal, which is based on biblical tithes, was decried by Mr Kasich, who also dismissed Mr Trump's plan to deport 11 million undocumented immigrants and build a wall on the Mexico border.The hostility against CNBC continued after the debate when Republican National
Ronnie O'Sullivan withdraws from UK Championship. Snooker: Ronnie O’Sullivan has not played in a competitive match since losing 13-9 to Stuart Bingham in April.
Island Gas Limited (IGas) wants to carry out test drilling on Springs Road, in Misson, Bassetlaw.
Khal Khalil Dale, 60, was abducted in Quetta in January 2012 and was found dead on a roadside a few months later. A note next to his body said he was killed because a ransom had not been paid.
Shakespeare Lives project aims to help young people without access to school in developing countries. The British Council is launching Shakespeare Lives, a project to celebrate the 400th anniversary of the playwright's birth in the UK and around the world.
The Public Accounts Committee says there has been a "systemic failing" in support to young people leaving foster care or children's homes.
Kids Company received public funding for at least 15 years, with at least £42m provided in government grants, including £28m from the Department for Education and its predecessors.It received the money despite warnings about its financial management.But founder Camila Batmanghelidjh said an "extremely distorted picture" of the charity was being painted.She said former staff and mentors at Kids Company were now "too scared" to defend it because of a "media frenzy and biased reporting".She added: "The state gave Kids Company money to do the job it couldn't do.
Transgender woman jailed for 12 weeks. A transsexual woman has been jailed at an all-male prison in Bristol after being sexually harassed by other prisoners.
Mr Eastwood is challenging current leader Alasdair McDonnell, and party activists will vote next month
Caste on the Menu Card was the only film among the 35 sent to India's information and broadcasting ministry to be refused clearance.
Syria's security forces and its civilian institutions are now moving away from rigid positions taken when Syria's uprising erupted more than four years ago.The steady rise of the so-called Islamic State, and mounting pressures on a stretched Syrian army has rung alarm bells over the threat of an ungoverned Syria falling into the hands of extremists.The risk posed by another fractured Middle East country is now too big to ignore. So is this summer's tragic exodus of hundreds of thousands of Syrians desperate to reach Europe.Then, the startling September surprise of Russia's air sorties into Syria set the stage for the most determined diplomacy of
Car insurance premiums will rise by an average of £13 a year from Sunday. The Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) will increase from 6% to 9.5% on Sunday.
Mental health target halved to 28 days. The current 56 day waiting time target for mental health treatment is to be halved.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said the talks in Vienna were aimed at establishing a political process with the aim of ending the civil war in Syria.Iran's participation in the talks, which began in Vienna on Friday, is seen as a step in the right direction for the country.But Iran is not about to abandon President Assad, because it fears any new regime in Syria may not be as accommodating to Iran.In Iran's calculation, it is vital that its ally Russia continues to back President Assad.So as long as Russia remains on side, the Iranian hardliners need not worry about a change in direction from Tehran
Metrolink's Second City Crossing is due to open before Christmas.
Forest Green Rovers stop selling meat burgers in 2011
Cagney the Lhasa apso was trapped for about an hour in her Salford home until the chair's metal frame was dismantled
Isle of Wight Council has started the formal process of appeal to the High Court for clarification on a matter of law.The council said it wanted to know why the court decided there was no case to answer.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale will say that a vote for her party would offer a break from Tory austerity.She will pledge to restore the money Scottish families will lose from this Tory tax rise on working families.We will act as soon as the new powers make it possible. We don't need to tax ordinary Scots more to make this change.
Shaker Aamer's return to the UK was greeted with a collective sigh of relief across Whitehall.The last detainee with a UK connection now has a long and complicated road ahead of him.He has to learn how to stop being Detainee 239 of Guantanamo Bay and become a normal human being.He will get to meet the son who was born on the day he arrived at Guantanamo Bay.In the short term, he will begin to receive expert medical help, including a psychiatric assessment.But for some, his return represents a risk.If MI5 decides to monitor him, he may never know for sure that
Doncaster Rovers 2-1 Doncaster Athletic. Media playback is not supported on this device
Four in 10 people do not believe Jesus was a real person, according to a Church of England survey.
Rory McIlroy carded a third straight five under-par 67 to move to 15 under par with Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat
A number of people were moved from their homes during the alert.
Two crews and a hovercraft from Weston-super-Mare were called just after midnight to rescue two adults and the children from Uphill beach
Sam Smith has released the song Writing's On The Wall as the theme to the new James Bond film Spectre.
More than 140 people are being treated in hospital, some with severe burns.
A pedestrian has died following an incident involving a green car in the Diamond area on Sunday afternoon.
Malcolm Turnbull drops knights and dames from Australia's honours system. Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has dropped the Order of Australia and damehoods, saying the titles were "not appropriate" in modern Australia. The decision to give Prince Philip a knighthood was hugely unpopular in Australia.
Chancellor George Osborne will meet German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble to set out more details of the UK's bid to renegotiate its EU membership.
China factory activity unexpectedly shrank in October to 49.8, below the 50-point mark.
Widnes Viking's Ben Tick Tick is in hospital with head injuries following an attack at Queen's nightclub on Wigan Road in Ashton-in-Makerfield. Ben Tick has been taken to hospital with serious head injuries after being attacked at a nightclub in Manchester.
A girl, in the back of the car, was treated at hospital for minor injuries.The man, who was 25 and from the local area, has not yet been named
Machinery that used to be "the heart" of Poldark Mine is to be restored by Cornwall College engineering students.
St Botolph's Church, known as Boston Stump, was badly damaged following a tidal surge in 2013 that hit the Lincolnshire town of Boston
A man fell from a building in the Radford area of Nottingham on Friday evening.
Lawnmowers, a scarifier and a turfer were taken from the Lockerbie site
Samuel Johnson Prize: Neurotribes: The Legacy of Autism and How to Think Smarter About People Who Think Differently wins. The award is the first popular science book to win the prize in its 17-year history.
The Garden Bridge Trust said it hoped to begin working on the site in the New Year.
London living wage: A voluntary higher rate of the living wage in the capital, which will rise from £7.85 an hour to £8.25 an hour. There are currently no plans to make this scheme mandatory.
Suffolk fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close as part of the £1.3m cuts.
Liam Laverick, 25, from Beeford Grove in Hull has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of his four-week old son, Tommy Lee.
Thomas Cook's Health and Safety Management System, despite being an "excellent framework", suffered from "a number of significant shortcomings in [its] implementation and operation".
One person has been taken to the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant after a tanker hit the central reservation halfway between junction 32 for Coryton and junction 33, Cardiff West.
Two of the dead whales were in the middle of a deep-sea migration towards the Faroe Islands.
World Cup 2019: Referee Chris Owens to go on until 2019. Wales' Chris Owens is the oldest of the 12 referees chosen for the 2019 World Cup, but his age will not prevent him from taking part in Japan.
Standard Chartered announced a third-quarter pre-tax loss of $139m for the three months to September.
Paralympian Oscar Pistorius has been found guilty of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp at South Africa's Supreme Court of Appeal in Bloemfontein. Olympic gold medallist Oscar Pistorious has been cleared of murder after a South African appeal court heard his appeal against his conviction for killing his girlfriend in a toilet cubicle.The court heard arguments from both sides on whether the trial judge interpreted the law correctly, especially the charge of dolus eventualis, also known as common-law murder.In South African law, this charge applies if the accused knew they might kill someone but still went ahead
Glasgow lock Jonny Gray has signed a three-year contract extension with the Glasgow Warriors to keep him at the club until the end of the 2016-17 season.The 21-year-old has been playing in the Glasgow first team since 2012 and made his senior international debut the following yearGray regularly partners brother and former Warriors lock Richie in Scotland's second row."I'm very happy to be staying at Glasgow," the younger Gray told Glasgow's website."It's my home club and I'm just glad I've had the opportunity to sign.It's been a a fantastic few years development for me. When I was younger I
Julia Knight, 56, had denied trying to kill Irene Robson, 81, but admitted administering the insulin at Horton Hospital in Banbury in October 2014.She also told the court she had attempted suicide in 2006 by injecting herself with insulin.
Eight people were arrested after raids on homes in the Midlands and south of England in September 2014.
Director general of the GAA Seamus Duffy has called for the All-Ireland Senior Football and Hurling Finals to be moved forward two weeks as part of a calendar overhaul.The Monaghan man also believes that the inter-county minor grade should be changed from U18 to U17.Duffy also says the club championship should be played in the calendar year.
UKIP's Northern Ireland candidate in last year's European elections, Henry Reilly, has been expelled from the party.
London Irish 17-17 Bath. Bath beat London Irish at the Madejski Stadium to hand the Exiles a fourth straight Premiership defeat.
The fourth arrest in connection with the attack came after detectives from the Metropolitan Police Cyber Crime Unity and the National Crime Agency executed a search warrant at the Norwich address, the Met said.
Rory McIlroy says his stomach is too sore to play at the DP World Tour Championship in Dubai.Northern Ireland's world number three is due to tee off with Americans Dustin Johnson and Rickie Fowler at 02:45 GMT (10:45 local time) on Thursday.The 26-year-old currently leads the Race to Dubai rankings with just three tournaments remaining."I'm not feeling great.
Michelin said that it would close the Ballymena factory by 2018, with the loss of 860 jobs.The business support agency, Invest NI, has also said it will work with the company and others to help the staff.Workers have been given time off after Tuesday's announcement and are due back in the factory
A local resident also needed hospital treatment after being assaulted on Saturday night
The University of Groningen is a microcosm of this - up by 33% to around 300 UK students, for whom it has had to put on special open days. It is running more degree courses taught in English than in Dutch, with students from Germany, China, the UK and the Netherlands itself, all learning in English.But what it also has is hundreds of students from the UK - and the number is rising.This is the university application season for UK students - and open day visits now include trips to Dutch universities, which are pitching themselves as if they were offshore Russell Group institutions.Since tuition fees rose
Friars Walk has been years in the planning and the development ground to a halt in the 2008 financial crisis.Now it is opening with Debenhams as its anchor store and retailers such as Marks and Spencer moving back.Newport Council lent the developers £90m in a commercial deal to ensure the centre opened on time.
Binge-watching is one of the words of the year, according to the Collins English Dictionary. The word 'binge-watch' has been added to the list of Collins' Words of the Year.
A man has been convicted of grievous bodily harm and robbery after he left Reg Stocking lying in a pool of blood in West Bromwich.
England reach 46-2 at the close of day four in Sharjah. James Anderson takes 2-52 for England as Pakistan are bowled out for 355 in their second innings in the fourth and final Test of the four-match series.
A member of staff at a primary school in Lancashire has been suspended pending an investigation.Ian McCann reportedly took part in a charity bike ride and missed the final week of term.
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema is under formal investigation for complicity in attempted blackmail and participation in a criminal conspiracy.
Ebac in Newton Aycliffe expects to make up to 300,000 washing machines a year once it is fully operational.
A man who died after a petrol pump ran for more than an hour in a compartment with no mechanical ventilation and little natural air circulation has been fined £20,000.
Christopher Marinello is chief executive of the Art Recovery Group, which has retrieved US$500m (Â£330m) of stolen and looted works of art over the past decade.He spoke to the BBC World Service Inquiry programme about what can be done to help stop the theft of the country's precious antiquities."We've been aware of smuggled goods from Syria for some time. As a lawyer in New York, I represented a lot of galleries, auction houses and dealers that had problems bringing items in and out of the United States. So I was very aware of the smuggling routes that take place, and the traffic that is
A man who told his wife to unearth cash buried in their Bedford garden has been jailed for nine months for concealing criminal property. The Masciopintos would have been jailed longer if they had not admitted the crime.
West Hammers chairman David Gold has been sent a tweet by a prankster.
A failure to provide written records created confusion between the two similar sounding surnames, the Heart of England NHS Trust said.
A bomb hidden inside a motorcycle exploded in front of the offices of a Muslim scholars committee in Arsal, the official National News Agency said.
Scarlets 15-9 Leinster. Scarlets were good value for a losing bonus point after losing to the Pro12 leaders in Dublin on Saturday, but three Ian Madigan penalties helped them to a bonus point win at the Aviva Stadium.Leinster coach Leo Cullen had named a completely new starting XV for the game against the league leaders, his options boosted by the return of half a dozen Ireland internationals.
The FBI received a tip on 30 October that this teenager may be the long-missing child after problems he had applying for college
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will step down after the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
More than 15,600 bank account numbers and sort codes were stolen, the company said.Customers should continue to protect themselves from scam phone calls and emails, TalkTalk added.
Investing Solutions is one of the largest recipients of housing benefit in the UK, making the venture hugely profitable.Investing Solutions received those benefit payments over the past two years by finding properties for single homeless men.The letting agent makes money by putting several unrelated people in one house and charging housing benefit for each person, rather than the property. Therefore, the total benefit payout is higher than the rent fee passed on to the property's landlord.Records held at Companies House show Invest&rsquo;s was set up in 2002 by Samir Patel, who then set up Fresh Start Housing in 2010.The company focuses on providing
Ian Coulter, formerly of Tughans, has been questioned under caution as part of the criminal probe into the deal.
Picasso's La Gommeuse sells for $67.5m at Sotheby's. Picasso has the remarkable ability to surprise, and tonight was no exception Simon Shaw, co-head of Impressionist and modern art worldwide
Coca-Cola Great Britain said its Christmas truck would offer two sugar-free variants.
Advertising plays a central role at Christmas, and for over 100 years has extended its reach from posters to radio, TV and now online.Successfully making that last leap has become the holy grail of Christmas advertising."The strategy among the retailers now is to get the ad into a prime time spot," says Neil Saunders, managing director of retail research agency Conlumino."From then on TV becomes less important as the message goes off into social media, where there is less cost and the reach can be phenomenal, far greater than TV."So, let's look at how that works with one of the most famous, the John
Bailey died after the incident at Cults Academy on 28 OctoberThe 16-year-old accused - who cannot be named for legal reasons - appeared in private at Aberdeen Sheriff CourtThe boy is also charged with having a blade or point on school premisesSpecial assemblies were held on Monday as pupils returned to classes for the first time since the incidentBailey's family issued a message of thanks for the support they have received.
Check out this amazing time-lapse video of the storm.
A fire crew had been called to an out-of-control bonfire with gas canisters in it, at a park opposite Southview on Thursday night.
Up to 270 jobs could be lost after Tata Steel announced plans to mothball the plants.
Munster: Ian Keatley kicks three penalties with a host of returning World Cup internationals on both teamsEdinburgh's Will Helu scores a wonderful try to put the hosts back within four points at the break, but the scrum-half saw his dramatic drop-goal attempt charged down three minutes into overtime.Munster's Jack Earls came within a whisker of a second try, haring after a sumptuous Conor Murray box kick deep into the Edinburgh 22, but spilling the bouncing ball at the corner flag as the cover defence heaved him out of play.Hidalgo-Cly
1st Land Limited was a company owned by David Cardoza and his father, Anthony.The company has since gone into administration.The directors of County Developments (Northampton) Limited are Howard Grossman, his son Marcus Grossman and Simon Patnick.
Northampton Town: David Mackintosh 'angry, frustrated and upset'. The Conservative MP for Northampton South said he felt "angry" about the ongoing financial problems at the Cobblers.
Ben Carson defends himself against allegations that he never attempted to murder a child. Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson has defended himself against accusations that as a teenager he tried to stab a relative, angrily denouncing what he says is liberal bias in a CNN investigation that found no corroborating witnesses to the event.
De La Salle college in Andersonstown. It followed soon after an apparent industrial relations dispute.
Kevin Pietersen hits seven sixes in 100 from 45 balls to help Dolphins beat Knights by nine wickets
Transgender woman to become first police officer in India. A transgender woman in India has become the first officer in the country to become a police sub-inspector.
Serial podcast: Syed Syed to be allowed to submit new evidence. A judge in Baltimore has allowed lawyers to present new evidence for the first time since the murder of Hae Min Lee in 1999.
Sierra Leone marks 42 days without a single case of Ebola. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has declared Sierra Leone free of the Ebola virus, marking 42 days since the last known case tested negative for the disease.The outbreak killed almost 4,000 people in Sierra Leone over the past 18 months.
Conservative MP for St Ives, Derek Thomas, claimed diabetes is "completely avoidable through good diet and exercise" on his Facebook page.
Astronaut Kjell Lindgren played Amazing Grace on the pipes after recording a message about research scientist Victor Hurst, who was involved in astronaut training.It is thought to be the first time that bagpipes have been played in space.They were made for Mr Lindgren by McCallum Bagpipes at the company's factory in Kilmarnock.
Jeremy Corbyn called on the defence secretary to "take action" against Sir Nicholas over his comments.In a statement, the Labour leader said: "It is a matter of serious concern that the chief of the defence staff has today intervened directly in issues of political dispute."It is essential in a democracy that the military remains politically neutral at all times."By publicly taking sides in current political arguments, Sir Nicholas Houghton has clearly breached that constitutional principle. Accordingly, I am writing to the defense secretary to ask him to take action to ensure that the neutrality of the armed forces is upheld."Asked about Mr Corbyn's refusal to use nuclear weapons
GaryGary Carter, who was in London to cover the England v New Zealand rugby league match, was found with head injuries in Bethnal Green early on FridayHis wife Gemma said: "He's heavily sedated because they're waiting for the swelling on his brain to go down."James Flanagan 35, of Marsden Street, Kentish Town, has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm.Scotland Yard said it was called to an altercation between two men outside Bethnal Green station at about 01:00 GMT and found 36-year-old Mr Carter, from Greater Manchester
Boxing: Carl Froch predicts he will beat IBF super-middleweight champion James DeGale. Former world champion Carl "Clyde" Froch has predicted he will return to the ring in December to fight IBF champion James "The Beast" deGale.Media playback is not supported on this device 'I'm fit, strong, in good shape'
Abdul Hakim Belhaj says MI6 helped to arrange his and his wife's rendition - saying they were covertly taken from Thailand to Libya.
Portugal election: Opposition Socialists strike deal with far-left parties. The opposition Socialists have struck a deal with two smaller far left parties, all but guaranteeing Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho will fall.
Lonminer said it would sell 27 billion shares at 1p per share. Lonmin says it will raise $370m (£246m) through a rights issue.
David West junior, 45, stabbed his father, of the same name, in December 2014 as he lay drunk outside his home.
David Cameron has promised to bring fast broadband to every home and business in the UK. That was the promise made by the Prime Minister at the weekend. But it left open a number of questions - did he mean everyone, no matter how remote, what technology will be used, and who is going to pay for it?
Snapchat says it is now recording eight billion views a day of video material posted on its social media network.
Barnsley boss Steve Johnson: 'I have to take full responsibility'. Steve Johnson admits he has to make changes at Barnsdale after the Reds were knocked out of the FA Cup in the first round by Altrincham.
Falcons frustrated by poor defence. Newcastle Falcons head coach Steve Richards is frustrated with his side's poor defence after a 28-20 loss at Worcester Warriors kept the Falcons pinned to the foot of the Premiership table.
London Underground said it is "operationally ready" for the Night Tube and the extra staff are now working across the network.More on this story and news from London
Some fans and politicians were angry that poppies were not worn by players.
Police Scotland's new national call-handling system has been criticised by the justice secretary and the father of Lamara Bell's five-year-old son Kieran. Police Scotland has been accused of failing to properly oversee the roll-out of its new national system of call handling, a report has found.The HM Inspectorate of Constabulary report, which concentrates on police call handling more generally, found examples of call handlers being under pressure to end calls quickly and grading of calls being dependent on resources available.It also said staffing levels at Bilston Glen - where the call regarding the M9 crash was received -
The Legacy of Elizabeth Pringle by Kirsty Wark is a debut novel by BBC journalist Kirsty Wark.
Che Labastide-Wellington, from Harrow, was at a party in Belvedere Way, Kenton, on Saturday evening.
Two city marshals in Louisiana have been charged with second-degree murder.The two men opened fire on a car in which the family was riding during a traffic stop in Marksville, Louisiana.The father and son's car was being pursued by police when the two officers opened fire, killing the boy, who was in the back seat of the car, and injuring his father, Chris Few, and his son, Jeremy Mardis.The boy's father was shot in the head and died at the scene.
Sierra Leone: Ebola doctor who saved 4,000 lives in the country's civil war. A doctor who helped to bring in suspected Ebola cases in Sierra Leone has spoken out about his experiences in the civil war, which ended in 2002, and his Ebola work.A doctor who worked in the Sierra Leone civil war told the BBC's Richard Hamilton about his experience in the jungle and how he helped to save thousands of lives. A man who worked as a doctor in the Ebola treatment unit in Freetown, Sierra Leone, says he was forced to kill, kidnap, rape and rape people in order to become a doctor.
Corn Exchange Crickhowell: Punch Taverns agrees deal to buy Corn Exchange. The Corn Exchange has agreed a deal to turn it into independent shops with flats above.
India has overtaken China to take the top spot in the tables of international economic good health and David Cameron is getting ready to roll out the red carpet for Narendra ModiMr Modi will be pulling out all the stopsThe Indian prime minister isn't a head of state so he won't get the full bearskin and gilded carriage reception accorded to the Chinese president last monthHe will, however, get lunch with the Queen and a superstar appearance at Wembley stadium where we are told he will be joined on stage by Mr CameronThe warmth of the welcome is evidence of how the terms of trade between the two countries have shifted in recent years.
Thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the Great Pyramid. Officials said possible causes included the existence of empty areas inside the pyramid, internal air currents, or the use of different building materials.
Jonathan Platt successfully contested a fine from Isle of Wight Council for taking his young daughter on a family holiday to Florida in April.
World Anti-Doping Agency commission report accuses Russia of state-sponsored doping. The report also said the London 2012 Olympics were "sabotaged" by "widespread inaction" against athletes with suspicious doping profiles.
The Scottish Crofting Federation (SCF) and NFU Scotland have been calling for increased incentives in a grant scheme available to crofters.
A man has been seriously injured in a road accident near Dr Gray's Hospital.
Norwich International Airport director Richard Pace condemned the hacking as a crime that police were investigating.The hacker, who asked not to be identified because he fears prosecution, said he hacked the site "to see if I could"."I found I could do it and then contacted the airport to let them know."It took me between two to three minutes to do this. I do this mostly to see what vulnerability there are in modern systems."
A former champion on the TV programme Countdown has admitted assaulting a teenager with a bottle to her head. A former contestant on the television show Countdown has pleaded guilty to assaulting a teenage girl.
The Taxpayers' Alliance said some of the figures were concerning.
Night-vision goggles will be used by Stafford Borough Council inspectors to catch irresponsible dog owners.
A yellow "be aware" warning has been issued for late Thursday into Friday for the Western and Northern Isles, Highlands and Argyll.
Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw says the process to close such schools is "inadequate".Where there is such "illegal activity", he says, the "full force of the law" should be brought to bear.He says there are "serious concerns" about the safety of children being taught in these "so-called schools".
Four tickets were purchased by Bournville College in Birmingham under former principal Norman Cave, a Freedom of Information request has revealed.
Arthur Cave, 15, was found with multiple injuries on the underpass of Ovingdean Gap in July. He died later at the Royal Sussex County Hospital.
The Santee Sioux tribe in South Dakota has burned its marijuana crop in a bid to show cooperation with the US government.The tribe had planned to open a lounge selling marijuana - for consumption only in the lounge - on New Year's Eve. The US Department of Justice did not tell the tribe a raid was imminent, but the government reserves a right to conduct a raid at any time.
US Soccer plans to introduce a new safety campaign for children between the ages of 11 and 13.
Susie and Jilly were taken in by Snowdonia Animal Sanctuary after 72-year-old Jennifer Taylor was killed in a crash near Betws-Y-Coed.Sanctuary owner Anne de Berry said the dogs were moved to a "brilliant" new home on Tuesday."They have a new mum and dad.
The tiny identity tags are essentially tiny imperfections in the building blocks of matter, making them virtually impossible to clone.
West Indies head coach Clive Simmons has issued a public apology to the West Indies Cricket Board for questioning the omission of Dwayne Bravo and Kieron Pollard.
Trams would run from Derby and Nottingham to the proposed HS2 station at Toton in Derbyshire. A new tram line from Derby to Derby is one of several "priority projects" in devolution negotiations.
Scenes of crime officer Stephen Beattie worked for Northumbria, Staffordshire and Cleveland forces before being suspended in 2011 and later resigning
A white supremacist convicted of killing two Jewish community centres in Kansas has been put to death by lethal injection.He was found guilty of killing William Corporon, 69, and his grandson Reat Griffin Underwood, 14, outside the Jewish Community Centre in Overland Park, Kansas.Terri LaManno, 53, was killed outside a Jewish retirement centre.
Yevhen Konoplyanka (Ukraine) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Artem Kravets replaces Evgen Seleznyov.Serhi Pyleskiy (Ukrainian) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Foul by Oleksandr Karavayev (Ukraine).Bojan Jokic (Slovenia) wins a free kick on the left wing.Yevhen Khacheridi (Ukranian) wins the free kick in the defensive half. Arten Kravet (Ukrugian) left footed
Police used tear gas on Tuesday to end three days of unrest sparked by the death of an Iranian asylum seeker.
A former soldier who was one of the soldiers who appeared before the Saville Inquiry has been arrested over the deaths of three people on Bloody Sunday.The 66-year-old former paratrooper was arrested in County Antrim on Tuesday.It is understood he is being questioned over the death of William Nash, Michael McDaid and John Young.He is soldier J, who was a member of the British Army at the time of the killings.The Saville inquiry was set up to investigate the events of Bloody Sunday, which saw British paratroopers open fire on a civil rights march through the city in January 1972.
Grand Slam of Darts 2016: Mark Fordham bows out of PDC event at Lakeside in Wolverhampton. Former world number one Mark 'Chizzy' Fordham has bowed out of the Professional Darts Championship after failing to qualify for the last 16 at the Lakeside Darts Arena. Former World Number One Mark ''Chizzy', who has battled health and alcohol problems for several years, has not played in the PDC since 2006Mark Fordham, 53, qualified for the Grand Slam for the first time but went out in the first round of the tournament on Tuesday. Former British Darts Organisation world
Astronomers have discovered an icy body some 15.5 billion km from the Sun - about three times further away than Pluto. The object - catalogued as V774104 - is some 500-1,000km across. It will need to be tracked over time to learn the shape and extent of its orbit through the Solar System.
Kazuyoshi Miura, who scored 55 goals in 89 appearances for Japan, has signed a contract extension until the end of the 2014/15 season.
Wasps prop Lorenzo Cittadini has been given a one-week ban for punching Gloucester back Billy Twelvetrees.
Natalie Hill: 20 Feet From Stardom was a special project that resonated with so many people. We were honoured with an Oscar and Grammy and many wonderful opportunities have come my way because of it. People were inspired by the stories in the film and they continue to follow my story to see what happens next.
Nabila Nanfuka, 22, and Laurene-Danielle Jackson, 19, were killed at the Lava and Ignite nightclub in Northampton in October 2011. A police officer has told an inquest that he was dragged under a crowd of people as he tried to move through a crush of people at a nightclub in north London.PC Steven Neal told the inquest at Northampton County Hall that people were screaming, the noise was deafening. It was the screaming - you couldn't hear yourself think.
What's next: A likely target for further significant cuts. The chancellor pledged in his summer Budget to meet Nato's target of spending 2% of national income on defence every year, up to 2020. That means spending on defence will rise in real terms - 0.5% above inflation - every year during the Parliament. David Cameron has said this will mean a larger Navy, a larger RAF and a better-equipped Army, with an extra £12bn over the next decade for new equipment and logistical support. The £31bn predicted cost of four new Trident nuclear submarines, which is £6bn higher than was estimated in
The decision to dedicate part of the radio spectrum to a global flight tracking system was taken at a UN conference in Geneva on Wednesday.
Four men carried out the assault at Altcar Park in the Galliagh area.
The lights switch on earlier this month also attracted a record attendance with 37,000 in Leicester's south Asian area.
Hundreds of firefighters, police officers, paramedics and volunteers will attend a memorial service for the victims of the Shoreham jet crash.The service will be held at St Mary's Church, Newick, at 13:22 GMT.
A model of the structure of a crystal of salt has been built from nearly 40,000 balls and 10km of sticks. It replicates the repeating lattice of sodium and chloride ions found in a crystal.
Bovine TB is an infectious disease of cattle and is caused by the bacterium Mycobacterium bovis (M.bovis), which can also infect and cause TB in badgers, deer and other mammals.
Europe-Africa summit: European leaders pledge $1.9bn to tackle migration. European and African leaders have agreed to set up a trust fund to help tackle the flow of migrants into Europe. European leaders have pledged to spend $1 billion to tackle the migration crisis in Africa at a summit in Valletta, Malta.The fund will be used to help the 23 African countries named which, along with Senegal, include Nigeria, Eritrea and Libya.
Italian police say they have arrested 17 people in an anti-terrorism operation in Europe.Italy's Ansa news agency said the suspects were accused of international terrorism association.The network was allegedly plotting to free its leader, Mullah Krekar, who is already in detention in Norway.
Four men have been arrested in the north of England as part of an investigation into a suspected "jihadist network" which was allegedly plotting to free its leader, Mullah Krekar, who is in detention in Norway.The North East Counter Terrorism Unit said the men were part of a "jihadi cell" which "sought recruits for Iraq and Syria".
Abigail is the first storm to be given a name by the Met Office who keep track of our weather.
Kerry Reeves died two days after being shot in Abingdon on 3 NovemberBilly Johnson, 20, from Ripon Court, Corby, Northamptonshire, and Charles Noble, 20
General Secretary Paul Kenny announced he was standing down after almost a decade in the job.
Children from deprived backgrounds were twice as likely to face police action than better-off children who commit the same crime.Living in poverty also increased the likelihood of violence among both boys and girls.The study also identified gender as one of the most powerful predictors of violence, with boys being three times more likely than girls on average to engage in violent acts.The findings from the Edinburgh Study of Youth Transitions and Crime, by the University of Edinburgh's School of Law, has been published in the latest edition of the Scottish Justice Matters journal
The Bank of England's chief economist, Andy Haldane, has said that the case for raising interest rates is still some way from being made. The next rate move could equally be a cut rather than a rise, according to Bank governor Mark Carney. The latest inflation report suggests that inflation may undershoot the Bank's 2% target in two years.
Four British men have been charged with international terrorism in connection with raids in six European countries, including the UK.The men were held as part of raids in Italy, Germany, Finland, Norway, Switzerland and the UK. The men are due to appear before magistrates again on 20 November.
A number of people were taken to hospital after the crash.
Wales coach Warren Gatland "will see his time out with Wales and probably go back to New Zealand", says former Lions coach John Thomas. Former Lions coach Tom Thomas says he expects England to make a move for Wales coach Gareth Gatland after the 2019 World Cup.
The trustees of Wykeham House School in Fareham had warned last month its future was in doubt.
Up to 15cm (6ins) of rain could fall in north Wales.
The Save Oxfordshire Children's Centres Campaign "baby blockade" is against Oxfordshire County Council plans to cut the number of centres to save Â£8m.
Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio were the first two speakers at the Sunshine Summit presidential forum in Orlando, Florida, on Friday.The two candidates are increasingly being viewed by pundits and Washington insiders as leading candidates to be the last two men standing when the Republican field eventually narrows.Such a theory is predicated on outsider candidates like Ben Carson and Donald Trump eventually fading, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush's campaign continuing to flounder and the other cast of candidates unable to gain traction.They're also increasingly participating in a war of words over illegal immigration.
Don't insult the object of your desire with promises you both know you can't keep.If you lack the cash for that magnificent bunch of fragrant roses, resist the temptation to brandish a fraying fake bouquet instead.There has to be a better alternative, and you're unlikely to get a positive response.And as for trying to bully or force someone into partnership with you - a little tip: it's unlikely to go down well.In this respect, the EU makes a lousy suitor.After reeling in panic and reacting in slow motion to the - to an extent predicted - dramatic surge this year in refugees and
Michael has got a severely twisted ankle which normally means ligament damage.
World Tour Finals: Andy Murray and Pierre-Hugues Herbert'still in shock' after Paris attacks. Andy Murray opens play at the O2 Arena alongside doubles partner John Peers at 12:00 GMT on Sunday, with more than 250,000 spectators expected across eight days.Andy Murray and Nicolas Mahut are making their debuts at the ATP World Tour finals in London after the Paris attacks that left at least 128 people dead and more than 200 injured. AndyMurray and Roger Federer will play their opening doubles match at the London O2 arena on Sunday Andy Murray is playing his first match of the season at the
Coventry Cathedral lit up in blue, white and red to mark Friday's attacks in Paris. A chain of people passed a light to each other, finishing at the cathedral.
At least 80 people were killed during the attack on the 1,500-seat venue during a sell-out gig by US rock group Eagles of Death Metal.
England coach Steve McNamara is out of contract at the end of the season.McNamara initially coached England on a full-time basis but has combined the position with his job at the Roosters since 2013.He went into Saturday's match with a record of only two wins in 11 matches against the world's top two sides - New Zealand and Australia.Since then there have been numerous near misses, including a 20-18 World Cup semi-final defeat against the Kiwis at Wembley in 2013 and two narrow Four Nations defeats in 2014.England took the lead in the current series with victory in Hull but they were defeated 9
Manor Marussia F1 team owner Stephen Fitzpatrick asks Austrian Sebastian Wurz to run team. Manor F1 Team has announced the appointment of former McLaren driver Sebastian Würz as the new boss of the team.Wurz, 41, retired as a racing driver.
Police Scotland's dog branch and air support unit have been deployed in the Irvine area in an effort to trace Gordon Speirs.
The Exotic Creatures exhibition in the Prince Regent Gallery runs until 28 February 2016.
England 1-0 Spain: Tim Cahill says result flattered them. England's defeat by Spain was a first defeat since the 2014 World Cup.
Fatima Elomar pleads guilty to supporting incursions into a foreign state with the intention of engaging in hostile activities.
Joe Garner will join Nationwide in spring 2016 to replace current chief executive Graham Beale, who is retiring.
Chennai floods: Floods hit India's Tamil Nadu state and Sri Lanka. A depression formed in the Bay of Bengal has triggered flooding in coastal areas of Tamil Nadu, Sri Lanka and India's Chennai.
The Eiffel Tower will not sparkle on Monday night, during the period of national mourning, at the request of Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo.
A team from Glasgow University studied recorded speech of Glaswegians from the early 20th Century to the present.They found evidence of common UK accent changes, such as the use of "f" for "th" in words like think, and a dropped letter 'l', as in people to peopo.Overall though, the researchers said the Scots accent remained distinctive.The three-year Sounds of the City study, was led by Professor Jane Stuart-Smith, director of the university's laboratory of phonetics.
The Yamnaya were themselves a mixed population. Around half of their ancestry came from a sister group to the hunter-gatherers who inhabited Europe before farming, while the other half appears to be from a population related to - but noticeably different from - the Middle Eastern migrants who introduced farming. They suggest that this strand of ancestry may also have been associated with the spread of Indo-European languages to the region.
CaCausanagh Road, LoughgallTannyoky Road, PoyntzpassCarrowreagh Road
A man has died after he became unwell at an address in Carshalton Road, Mitcham.
Wales lock Rhys Charteris out of contract at the end of the 2015-16 season. Wales lock Ruan Charteris wants to leave Perpignan and join Bath.
Canada's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by a woman who challenged the country's law against wearing niqabs when swearing an oath to become a Canadian citizen.
How much water is stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface? A new study has revealed just how much of the world's surface is covered in a layer of water that is the most quickly renewed - on the scale of human lifetimes. A new analysis has revealed how much groundwater is stored at the top of the planet's surface, and how quickly it can be replenished.The study, led by researchers at the University of Victoria in Victoria, Canada, shows that the amount of water stored in this layer is equivalent to the volume of the entire Earth's entire land surface.It is also the most
Oxford United 1-1 Newport County. Oxford United manager Michael Appleton says his side's second-half performance was "remarkable".
Katari Anuradha was shot and stabbed by at least three men wearing burkas, Indian media reported, quoting police.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts.
Cheshire is home to major employers in science and manufacturing, housing developers are eager - some would say too eager - to build new homes, and it could soon have two high-speed rail stations.
The teenager was pronounced dead at the scene, following the crash in New Malden at about 08:30 GMT
A drain had become blocked by debris, leading water to spill over, causing the wall in Coal Road to collapse.More than Â£30m has been spent on the town's flood prevention project - 10 times the original estimate.
The Welsh Economy Research report showed 79% of direct spend was retained in Wales, and associations built nearly 2,000 affordable homes.
There have also been some flight diversions from Dublin Airport to Belfast due to the weather.
Ronnie O'Sullivan: I want a place in snooker. Ronnie O’Sullivan says he wants a place within the sport but does not want the pressure of being the top man any more.
Northern Ireland's police chief has said a lack of consensus over how to deal with the past is a let-down to police and Troubles victims' families. Northern Ireland police chief says the failure to reach a deal on the legacy of the Troubles has been a "bitter pill for victims to swallow".
Two men have been sentenced to four months in prison, suspended for two years, after they were found buried in and resting beside the shoreline of Lough Foyle.
Household wealth on average increased in real terms over the late 2000s, driven by increases in private pension entitlements, according to a new report.The study also looked at people's attitude towards saving and pensions.
A conference has been held to encourage men to report domestic abuse.The conference, organised by Mankind Initiative and held at the Keepmoat Stadium, was chaired by former abuse victim Ian McNicholl.His ex-girlfriend is serving a seven year prison sentence for GBH and assault.In the last three years, police received 19,459 calls from men but the charity said the real figures are likely to be higher because of under-reporting by men.Mankind Initiative said men often do not report abuse because they feel "embarrassed", feel it "undermines their identity as a man" and "fear they
Det Ch Supt David Sandall said it was proving an "extremely traumatic time for her parents".
The boy is from Northern Ireland, but his family do not want him to be named to protect his identity.
The 19-year-old man was arrested after the incident at Killylea Road.
The Kidman cattle empire is Australia's largest landholding, encompassing some of the driest and toughest country Australia has to offer.Its story begins in the 1890s with Sir Sidney Kidman and his elder brother Sackville, who embarked on an ambitious venture that would transform agriculture in Australia.The two brothers wanted to grow livestock in the country's dry centre, supported by Queensland's channel country rivers - the Georgina, the Diamantina and Cooper Creek.The plan was that tropical rain from the north would deliver water needed for farming to flourish in this harsh environment.The Kidmans' ambition, wrote bi
The armed forces are still licking the wounds inflicted by the 2010 review.The 2015 SDSR will identify both IS and Russia as tier 1 threats, but they may not be the same threat five years hence.While the 2010 Strategic Defence & Security Review (SDSR) did identify terrorism and international military crises as high level (tier 1) threats, there was no specific mention of Russia and so-called Islamic State (IS) did not exist in anything like its present form.It wasn't just the scrapping of iconic names, it left gaping holes in Britain's defences - with no aircraft carriers for the Royal
A second AM forced to follow the same procedure, William Graham, finished outside the top four - meaning he is effectively de-selected.
Criminal courts charges in England and Wales are being reviewed after MPs raised concerns about the operation of the charge, which is not means-tested.MPs on the justice select committee said the charge created "serious problems" and was often "grossly disproportionate".
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn says he would consider a free vote on whether the UK should take part in air strikes against Islamic State extremists in Syria.Mr Corbyn is against military action, but a number of his MPs support it.
The Conservatives want a report into the spending on the 218 "procurement cards" used for government spendingA further £475,540 was spent in the first three months of 2015/16.
The school's headmaster said the "significant focus and distraction" caused by the prom "does not fit into the ethos of our school".
A letter signed by managers for the UK's biggest live acts has urged the government to put "the public's interests before the touts".
Physical punishment of children in the home and in private foster care should be challenged from both a human rights and a child wellbeing perspective.
England's Jos Buttler hits 116 not out from 52 balls to score the fastest ODI century in the history of the game. Jos Buttlers hits 116 runs in just 46 balls as England beat Pakistan to win the ODI series 3-0. Jos Root celebrates after scoring his first ODI hundred in his 15th match in the 50-over game England's Jonny Bairstow celebrates after hitting a century in his first 50-overs of the series against Pakistan England captain Joe Root celebrates with his team-mates after scoring a century against Pakistan in the final ODI of the five-match series England's Joe Root
We spoke to Alex Holmes, who is an anti bullying specialist, to get his advice for anyone who is being bullied.
Red Bull's Mark Webber and team-mate Timo Bernhard in Bahrain 6 Hours of Bahrain. Red Bull and Porsche's Sebastian Vettel and Lewis Hamilton are in the mix for the 2010 Formula One world championship title.
Tongan Veainu: Leicester 22-3 Treviso. Leicester Tigers celebrate their 22-23 win over Trevisio at the Ricciardo Stadium in Rome.
Chipotle shares are now down by more than a fifth this year, valuing the company at $16.7bn (Â£11bn).
Eska, whose self-titled album is an unusual combination of soul, psychedelia and jazz, has won the Mercury Prize. Eska's debut album is a searingly-personal collection of piano-based songs, which critics have called "bold", "brilliant" and "astonishing"Eska, who was nominated for the award for his debut album Architect, said he was "very happy" to have won the prize.The Londoner beat competition from the likes of Florence + The Machine, Wolf Alice and Supergrass star Gaz Coombes.I don't know what to say," the 26
England won by six wickets after a Pakistan batting collapse featuring three run-outs in Sharjah on TuesdayThe Daily Mail reported that the match was the subject of an investigation into suspicious betting patterns"There was nothing wrong with that game.I have no doubts about my boys," said former bowler WaqarPakistan collapsed from 132-2 to 208 all out before England triumphed with nine overs to spareWaqar said: "Yes, we lost the game.You lose and win games, and it's unfortunate the way the whole thing happened."ICC chief executive David Richardson told BBC Test Match Special: "I wouldn
She became the first female British jockey to ride 100 UK Flat winners in a year.
Wisley Property Investments is hoping to build homes, shops, a school, health centre and sports pitch on the former Wisley Airfield site.
Glasgow's scrum wasn't even a contest. Northampton won six penalties in that area. They garnered six points and a sin-binning, which brought a converted try, from their overwhelming dominance in the scrum.It was sobering stuff for coach Gregor Townsend. It's been an age since a team came to his own backyard and beat them up like Northampton did.The game was in its relative infancy when Glasgow's composure went out the window. In failing to get close to a garryowen, Stuart Hogg set a hare running, the hare going by the name of George
Davis Cup final in Ghent under high security alert. Great Britain's squad of Andy Murray, Jamie Murray, Kyle Edmund, Dominic Inglot and James Ward are due to play in the final of the Davis Cup in Belgium on Friday. The British team delayed their flight to Belgium from Sunday to Monday because of the security situation.
Andrew Virco, 50, and Katharine Walker, 51, from Cambridge, died with two other Britons when the aircraft crashed into a glacier on South Island, on Saturday.Mr Virco and Ms Walker were on a "big adventure" that had been planned for some time."They do holidays but this was the big one... they had waited for," she said."New Zealand was her dream. Her and Andy had been planning it for a long time. It was what they would do for their 50th birthdays."It was their celebration together."Ms Walker was head of radiotherapy at Addenbrooke's Hospital
The BBC's Juliana Liu followed the final campaigning hours of two young women standing for office in the city's district elections, the first polls since last October's protest movement. Read on to find out if they succeeded. Dr Kwong Po Yin, 29, an emergency room doctor, and Yau Wai Ching, 24, a former administrator, are members of Youngspiration, a political party founded in the wake of last year's Umbrella Movement to keep its legacy alive. Both are running against older establishment politicians with more resources, so neither presumes they will win but they will still hit the streets in
Facebook user Phuc Bich, who is of Vietnamese origin, shot to fame last week over his complaint that his account had been shut down because Facebook considered his name fake or misleading.Mr Bich said he hoped he had "played a part in brightening your days".His name when properly pronounced in Vietnamese, which is a tonal language, sounds like "Phoo Da Bi", and is relatively common in Vietnam.Mr Phuc originally posted his complaint on 28 January, accompanied with his passport photo, saying: "I find it highly irritating the fact that nobody seems to believe me when I say that my full
A 5ft x 3ft (1.5m x 1m) void appeared on Whitworth Street on Sunday.
This story is based on her experiences and those of her two sisters, who are still inside the IS-held cityNames and the timings of some events have been changed to avoid compromising the safety of Nour or her familyVideo produced by Vladimir Hernandez, Faisal Irshaid and Najlaa AboumerhiOur 100 Women season showcases two weeks of inspirational stories about the BBC 100 Women and others who defy stereotypes around the worldLike us on Facebook and follow us on Instagram using the hashtag #100Women
Archaeologists found a 14-faced dice made of animal tooth with ancient Chinese writing on it
Menstruation is generally a taboo topic in India, something that is rarely talked about openly.But at the weekend, several photographs popped up on my Facebook page of young Indian women holding placards - some made up of sanitary napkins and tampons.
Bury striker Chris Lowe returns to Alex Ferguson's squad for Colchester.
UK Anti-Doping figures reveal players from Wales make up 33% of all sportsmen and women serving drugs bans.
A man has been remanded in custody after his dog chewed at his ankle tag in an attempt to get him to go for a morning walk.Jamie Toland told police he woke up to find the animal gnawing at the tag around his ankle at his home in Slemish Way, Lisburn, County Antrim.But the High Court in Belfast was told there were "no signs" of teeth marks.Bail was refused after the judge said the explanations tested "the court's ability to accept what he says".The accused now faces a new charge of criminal damage for allegedly removing the monitoring device.
A Ray Winstone-like voice is programmed to say "Don't even think about it" and "Put it down, put it back" as soon as the card is removed from the bag.
Education at a Glance report compares the costs and characteristics of education systems in industrialised countries, from early years through to university.How UK education compares:It highlights that many countries face a challenge to recruit teachers - particularly when on average a primary school teacher earns 22% less than someone with similar qualifications."These uncompetitive salaries will make it harder to attract the best candidates to the teaching profession," says the report.The OECD says high fees are accompanied by the highest levels of student support.The report also shows that teachers' pay in England has had an above-average decline in real terms, between 2005 and 2013.Despite the
Donald Trump has said many controversial things and flip-flopped on a number of policy positions during the campaign. Here, we look back at 24 of his professed beliefs. Donald Trump says the US should use waterboardingThis and other methods of "strong interrogation" should be deployed in its fight against the Islamic State group. These methods, Mr Trump said, are "peanuts" compared to the tactics used by the militants, such as beheadings. "I like it a lot. I don't think it's tough enough," he said in June of the banned practice. In the wake of the terrorist attacks in
Two people were rescued from the burning fishing boat Tranquility
A man has been charged with "participating in activities of a terrorist group and with [a] terrorist attack" in connection with the Paris attacks in Brussels, the Belgian prosecutor's office has said.The man, who is in his 20s, was arrested on Sunday in a series of raids in the Belgian capital, the prosecutor said. The man was one of 16 people arrested in raids on Sunday.
John Clancy has become leader of the Labour group after five attempts - and by just one vote.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says the Su-24 was hit by air-to-air missiles fired by Turkish F-16s while it was flying over Syrian territory.The crew ejected before the jet crashed in Latakia province, but Syrian rebels said at least one was dead.It is the first time a Russian aircraft has crashed in Syria since Moscow launched air strikes against opponents of President Bashar al-Assad in late September.The Nato military alliance, to which Turkey belongs, said it was following the situation "closely" and was in contact with the Turkish authorities.Russia insists that its warplane did not violate Turkish air space.
British gymnast Sam Bevan has had surgery after breaking his left tibia and fibia in a freak accident at the World Championships in Glasgow last month.
Margaret Slater, who has dementia, was taken to Queen's Medical Centre Nottingham suffering severe hallucinationsHer family said there appeared to be too many patients for the number of staff with queues of people in the hallways and waiting areasIn a statement the trust apologised and said there was a "surge" in patientsShe was assessed by a nurse when she first arrived and then, three hours later, a doctor said she needed to be admitted but it was another eight hours before she was moved to a wardLinda Hughes, her daughter, said the staff were "very caring" but there did not appear to be enough of them."It was
Argentine President Mauricio Macri has been sworn in as the new president of Argentina, following a historic election victory by the Peronist candidate, Daniel Scioli.What have we learned in the first few days about the man who defeated a political movement that has dominated Argentine politics for decades?The outgoing mayor of Buenos Aires and soon to be President of Argentina repeated on more than one occasion that he could not yet expand on the detail of his economic plans until he was able to ascertain exactly how critical the situation was.Not that Mr Macri was particularly illuminating or generous with detail, particularly when asked about the specifics of his plans to
London Gatwick: Menzies warns full-year profits could be Â£2m lower than previously forecast.
Ofsted chief inspector Sir Michael Wilshaw has written to Education Secretary Nicky Morgan.
Mer Merseyside Police are investigating a shooting at a primary school in Liverpool.Witnesses told officers they heard a gun being fired near Anfield Road Primary School at about 09:00 GMT.Pupils and staff there and at the nearby All Saints Catholic Primary School have been ordered to stay indoors while police investigate.Ch Supt Mark Harrison said it "beggars belief" it would happen at a school.Members of the public told police the shot was fired at a dark coloured car by a white man in a grey hooded top who was on foot.
One of the performers had an airgun held to his head.
Pope Francis will make 19 speeches during his tour of Kenya, Uganda and the Central African Republic (CAR).
US stocks recovered their footing, though on the back of news that the US economy grew faster than previously estimated in the third quarter of the year.
Ding Junhui's news conference lasted less than a minute and was littered with swear words Ding Ding Ding criticised the playing conditions at the York BarbicanDing criticised the table set-up and conditions and will be lucky to escape a fine from World Snooker for his rant
Hatton Garden heist: Daniel Jones offers to take police to loot. Daniel Jones, 58, who has admitted his involvement in the heist, offered police to take them to the stash of gold, jewellery and gems.
Martin Shkreli's drug company Turing Pharmaceuticals bought the rights to 62-year old drug Daraprim and increased the price per pill from.
Five people have been charged in Belgium with terrorism offences in connection with the attacks in the neighbouring country.
Celtic and Dundee are exploring the possibility of staging a game in the US, according to Kilmarnock striker Tom Boyd. Celtic's Tom Boyd spent 2012 in Major League Soccer, scoring seven goals in 22 starts for Portland Timbers.
George Osborne is today £23bn better off than he thought in July, and without doing anything at all.
The families say the men were "massacred", had their case rejected by the UK Court of Appeal last year.British forces at the time of the killings said they were insurgents. The British government has rejected a challenge for an inquiry into the shootings at Batang Kali in 1948 by a four to one majority.
Darul Uloom Islamic High School in Birmingham, where inspectors observed that "the only female governor sat out of sight of the male governors in an adjacent room"
Buy-to-let landlords in England and Wales will have to pay a 3% surcharge on each stamp duty band from April 2016.George Osborne said the new surcharge would raise £1bn extra for the Treasury by 2021.
Poland's government says former prime minister Donald Tusk should be prosecuted over the 2010 Smolensk plane crash. Poland's ruling Law and Justice party has called for the prosecution of former Prime Minister Donald Tulk for the 2010 crash of a Tupolev plane that killed 96 people.
Lord Alderdice was a member of the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC) which operated from 2004 to 2011
The Chancellor said the levy would help reduce wage growth over the next five years by 0.7%.The government said it was a significant extra tax for business that would hit many smaller companies.Only businesses with a wage bill of more than £3m will pay the levy, which the government said would exempt 98% of employers.But business groups have described the levy as a new "payroll tax".
The Nottingham Pram Company made pushchairs and perambulators from a factory in the city.The 15 lots sold for £6,700, exceeding the expected £2,500 price tag.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says Manu Tuilagi has been offered a new deal by Leicester.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila says his side must keep their fate in their own hands when they travel to Ajax on Saturday.A point against the Dutch side could keep Celtic in the hunt if Group A rivals Fenerbahce fail to beat Molde in Norway,.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson has told a jury he drowned him in the bath because he was angry with his mother.Stewart Greene, 65, of Grimoldby, Lincolnshire, said he drowned Alex Robinson in a bath but denies murder.
Torquing Group was criticised for a lack of communication over the Zano after the project folded last week.
I asked him a question, he responded. I tried another, he answered. Just as I began the third question an arm came down between us - "enough". The spectator in the regulation baseball cap and pink polo shirt was the former president's security man and he'd been watching all along. "I want to speak to your lieutenant!" he shouted at the soldier who was supervising security.
The 23.4m long 'up' escalator at Holborn station is taking place during peak hours
A man who posted a picture of his wife's dead body on Facebook has been found guilty of second-degree murder.He failed to convince the jury that he had shot Jennifer Alfonso eight times in self-defence after years of abuse.He said his wife was threatening him with a knife when he shot her in their home in Miami, but prosecutors said she was cowering on the floor.
Image caption Climbers need to cross the glacier, including the treacherous Khumbu Icefall, to climb the mighty peak
Chinese investigative journalist Gao Yu, 71, was found guilty of sending an internal Communist Party document to Mingjing News, a Chinese-language website in the United States.
Inderjit Singh Dhariwal, 49, was injured at Samsons in Rood End Road, Oldbury
Casey Kasem was known as host of the American Top 40 radio show and as the voice of Scooby Doo
The Saudi newspaper reports said 55 people were awaiting execution for "terrorist crimes", while a now-deleted report by al-Riyadh said 52 would die soon.They are thought to include Shia who took part in anti-government protests.The Awamiya residents were meanwhile convicted of sedition, attacks on security personnel and interference in neighbouring Bahrain, it said.Awamiya is a town in the Qatif region of oil-rich Eastern Province.Since 2011, it has been the centre of protests by Saudi Arabia's Shia minority, which has long complained of marginalisation at the hands of the Sunni monarchy.Saudi
Swansea Bay Tidal Lagoon: Swansea West MP Geraint Davies says it is vital for a "greener future".
Natasha Harding headed Wales in front five minutes after the break.Substitute Ward then scored twice in two minutes before sliding in for her third.
Alex Salmond was not in the House of Commons to hear Prime Minister David Cameron make his argument for air strikes.The SNP defended MP and MSP Mr Salmond saying he was on constituency business.
Paris attacks: French president pays tribute to victims' families. French President Francois Hollande has paid tribute to the victims of the Paris attacks at a memorial service in central Paris. The French president paid tribute on Saturday to the 130 people who lost their lives in the attacks on 13 November in Paris, which left 130 people dead and more than 300 injured. France's president has paid a tribute to those who died in the 13 November attacks on Paris, where 130 people were killed in a series of coordinated attacks by Islamic State (IS) militants. He said France would "do all it can to destroy this army of fanatics"
Northampton Saints' Jonathan Davies says he would like to see Welsh players back in Wales. Jonathan Davies is disappointed Jonathan Davies will not return to Scarlets on a Welsh Rugby Union dual contract.
Two shots struck the passenger side of the car parked at Rossnareen Avenue, at about 18:50 GMT on ThursdayTwo male officers who were in the car were not injured but were said to have
A widening trade gap is being blamed for the slowdown, with trade having a record negative effect on GDP
She was blinded and terribly scarred but found the strength to fight for custody of her son.
Flt Cdr Henry Melvin "Dinghy" Young, second in command of the raid, was shot down and killed on his return.
Ex-Bank of England deputy governor Sir Charlie Bean is reviewing how official statistics are collected.
West London Vocational Training College and its students have been stopped from receiving payments from the Welsh government.
Two 16-year-old boys are expected to appear at Dumbarton Sheriff Court on Tuesday
Some of the first photographs of the ornate carvings saved by archaeological experts are shown here:
Davis Cup: Andy Murray to clinch decisive third point against David Goffin in Ghent. Andy Murray is set to clinch a decisive third-round Davis Cup point for Britain when he meets Ruben Bemelmans in the final of the Flanders Cup in Gent on Sunday. The Scot is scheduled to meet Ruben Bertens, but James Ward and Steve Darcis remain options for captains Leon Smith and Johan van Herck.Andy Murray is a strong favourite to complete the job on Sunday, and add the Davis Cup to the game's great prizes he has already won at Wimbledon, the US Open
Bradford City 4, Chesham United 0.  Bradford City 3,  Chesham  United 0.    First Half ends, Bradford City 2,  Chesham United  1.  First half ends,   Bradford  City   2,    Chesham   United   0.First Half ends   Second Half ends, Bradford City  1,  Manchester United  0   Manchester City  0, Manchester United 1, Manchester City 0.Second Half ends:   Man of the Match - Gary Liddle (Bradford City) right footed shot from
Council tax is expected to be lower in real terms in 2020 than a decade earlier, the Local Government Association (LGA) has said.
Storm Clodagh: Northern Ireland weather warnings as third storm of the season moves in.
I, Robot director Alex Proyas and studio, Lionsgate, have apologised for the film's predominantly white cast.Director Ava DuVernay, who became the first black female director to receive a Golden Globe nomination for the civil rights movie Selma in 2014, applauded the film-makers' honesty."This kind of apology never happens - for something that happens all the time. An unusual occurrence worth noting," she tweeted.
The party is conducting an inquiry into the death of youth activist Elliott Johnson, 21, and has taken more than 40 witness statements, it said.
Storm moved in front six seconds before the end of the second period with Luke Salazar finishing an excellent move.
Shoppers are expected to spend almost £1bn online on Monday - up almost a third from last year, according to analysts at Experian-IMRG.
Crohn's disease: John Higgins beats Jimmy Carter 6-2. World champion John Higgins wins the World Championship final in York with a comfortable victory over Jimmy Carter. World number 28 Jimmy Carter suffers from chronic abdominal pain and is struggling to compete at the top level.
Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw says more attention must be focused on regions where too many schools are "languishing in mediocrity".Education Secretary Nicky Morgan said more needed to be done to "tackle pockets of underperformance".
Thirty-five students died in the fire which broke out as students were sleeping at the government-run girls school in Jogana village, officials said.
Ofcom has released an app to help people spot if their wi-fi is not running as fast as it could be.The app, which is available for free on the App Store and Google Play Store, is designed to help users see if they are getting data at speeds of 10Mbps or more. The app samples wireless signals to see if data is flowing uninterrupted from routers to phones and tablets.
Kelvin Thomas pays HM Revenue & Customs unpaid tax. Kelvin Thomas has paid HM Revenue and Customs unpaid income tax after buying Northampton Town.
Wales' Chris Roberts to play in Varsity match against England. Chris Roberts will become the first active international to play for Wales against England in the Varsity at Twickenham.
Andy Murray says he does not know where the next generation of British tennis players are. Andy Murray has said he has not discussed the lack of young British players competing in Grand Slams with the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) chief executive Michael Downey.Andy Murray says there are no juniors in the British tennis programme and he is "concerned" that there are not enough young players in the sport.
Mac Macau's economy shrank by 24.2% year-on-year in the third quarter, official figures show.
Lance Corporal Joseph Scott Pemberton was convicted of killing Jennifer Laude in a hotel room in Olongapo city, north-west of Manila, last year.
ATP chief executive Chris Kermode to launch major review. The ATP's review comes after another successful sell-out World Tour Finals at London's O2 Arena, where close to 263,000 fans watched the top eight players compete.
BT is responsible for connecting almost all households to the network regardless of their service provider, as well as improvements to and maintenance of the network.
Security consultant Paul Moore examined the publicly available information of the UK's six biggest ISPs.He said he found plenty of bugs that could be exploited by hackers.But he said most ISPs had been in contact with him and had worked to tighten security once told of the issues.
World Twenty20: Ireland beat Zimbabwe to secure a place in next year's World T20.
Former Colonel Sami Dasuki is accused of awarding phantom contracts to buy 12 helicopters, four fighter jets and ammunition.
The St Peter Port North by-election was held on 27 April 2013 for the seat of the Member of Parliament for the island of Saint Kitts and Nevis.The seat was called after the death of Deputy Martin Storey in July.Mr Parkinson was elected with 571 votes, ahead of Michael Henderson and David Noakes with 184 and 109 votes respectively.
Almost three quarters of young people in the Highlands have drunk alcohol by the time they turn 15, according to the partnership, whose members include NHS Highland.
Four people have been shot dead outside a protest camp in the US city of Minneapolis, police say. Protesters have been gathered since 25-year-old Jamar Clark was shot during a struggle with police on 15 November. Four people are dead after four people were shot in the city's 4th Precinct police station.
US special forces to assist Iraqi and Kurdish Peshmerga forces in Syria. The US is deploying a specialised expeditionary targeting force to Iraq and Syria to assist Kurdish and Iraqi forces in the fight against Islamic State (IS) militants, US Defence Secretary Ashton Carter says.
Thomas Waldrom scores two tries and Jack Nowell and Mitch Lees also cross the whitewash. Exeter Chiefs beat Wasps 27-13 at Welford Road.
Tony Valentine died "peacefully" in the early hours of Wednesday morning, his agent Derek Webster said.
Turkey was the biggest buyer of "stolen" oil from Syria and Iraq.Russia has accused Turkey of downing the plane on its Syrian border to protect oil supply lines.Russia said it was producing only "part of the evidence" for now and did not provide direct proof
Mullah Mansour's appointment prompted splits in the Taliban after its founder Mullah Omar's death emerged in July A number of senior Taliban commanders refused to pledge allegiance to him and a faction opposed to him was set up last month under Mullah Mohammad Rasool
A BBC investigation revealed that in Devon and Cornwall police have seen a 55% rise in reports of sexual abuse in the past four years.The figures show more than 380 historic allegations - in which the offence was committed before 1 May 2004 - of rape involving a child have been reported to the force since 2011.
Gymnastics: Paul Bevan hopes to push for a place in the pommel horse at Olympics. Gymnast Bevan is hopeful of making a comeback at the Olympics after breaking his left leg at the World Championships.
Waiting times are "unacceptably high" and must be top priority, the Royal College of Surgeons (RCS) said in a "manifesto" ahead of May's assembly election.The RCS says almost 450,000 patients are waiting for treatment - 10% higher than three years ago.But the Welsh government said waiting times have been cut since devolution.The surgeons' organisation had warned back in July 2013 that cardiac patients were dying waiting for surgery in Cardiff and the Vale.At the time, 279 patients were waiting longer than the six-month target.Heart patients from south and west Wales were treated in
A woman who had tried to kill herself by washing down paracetamol tablets with Veuve Clicquot champagne has been found to have mental capacity to refuse dialysis treatment, a court has ruled. A court in London has ruled that a woman who tried to commit suicide had the right to refuse medical treatment.The court heard that C had been diagnosed with breast cancer last year, but had refused treatment that would "make her fat".The suicide attempt had badly damaged her liver - but with dialysis, her prognosis would be positive.A long-term relationship had broken down, she had been plunged into
Hilda Gaddum, the mayor of Cheshire East, said her fellow Conservative Michael Jones's position had become "untenable".
The curlew has suffered a severe population decline and has now been included on the red list of the British Birds of Conservation Concern 4.
Paul O'Connell: Rory Best wants to lead Ireland. Rory Best says he wants to take over as head coach of Ireland after the World Cup and wants to work alongside Joe Schmidt in a coach-captain relationship. Ireland hooker Rory Best welcomes news that Ireland will host World Cup winners New Zealand and runners-up Australia.
Man found dead in an upstairs bedroom, after fire crews arrived at the house in Drumgay Close, in the Kilmacormick area.
Five of the 26 athletes have already qualified for next year's Olympic Games
Intervening against the extremist forces who call themselves the Islamic State in Syria - it seemed impossible less than a month ago.But in the weeks since the Paris attacks, the prospect of extending bombing strikes into Syria from Iraq has taken on a reluctant inevitability.Planes may be dropping bombs by tonight.But for the prime minister, with this, his third big foreign intervention - Libya, Iraq, now Syria - pulling together a wider plan to achieve real peace is a far more complex task, one he acknowledges the UK cannot complete on its own.Yet by choosing action, that's a task he faces new pressure to help deliver
Kle Kleptomaniac Theo, from Ipswich, first hit the headlines in 2013 for stealing Christmas decorations.
Jeremy Corbyn's position has been weakened. He was forced to concede a free vote, under the threat of losing much of his shadow cabinet.But his is a leadership his party members want, overwhelmingly so. And were a coup to be staged the membership would either re-elect him, or elect someone similar.The tactics of any coup attempt revolve around the different views of what might have to occur to trigger such a change.Some think serious electoral reverses in next May's round of elections (the Scottish Parliament, Welsh Assembly, the London mayor etc) might do the trick.London could be particularly significant, both
Telefonica and Hutchison want Ofcom to wait until a decision is made about the merger between O2 and Three.
The Better Perth group has blamed online shopping and "inertia" for dwindling profits.
Four little girls were killed and six others injured when an unexploded German fuse shell exploded at their home in Wrexham, north Wales, during World War One.The graves became lost in time until members of Broughton and District History Group began their research.The tragedy in March 1916 happened at Pte John Bagnall's home at Moss Valley.It was one of those things that families didn't talk about. It was a tragic accident and nobody wanted to talk about it.We just want to make sure that other people know about it."If they get the necessary permission, they hope to hold a small service
South Africa v India: Ajinkya Rahane hits 89 not out in Delhi. India take a 2-0 lead in the three-Test series against South Africa with an innings victory in the first Test at the Wankhede Stadium.
"We need to come to grips with the concept in America that we are in the midst of the next world war."He went on to attack fellow candidates Rand Paul by name and Ted Cruz by implication - both for voting in the Senate to support a rollback of National Security Agency surveillance operations.
The Department for Social Development has confirmed that a total of 51 refugees will arrive in Belfast from Lebanon, under the Vulnerable Persons Relocations Scheme.
Universities minister Jo Johnson has announced plans for "better targeting" of Disabled Students' Allowances.From next September, universities will have "primary responsibility" for meeting disabled students' needs.The National Deaf Children's Society said it was "bitterly disappointed" by the announcement.
Nick Warren, 57, got into difficulties as he tried to reach his black Labrador in stormy conditions off Wellington Parade in Kingsdown, on Sunday.
A man accused of attempting to murder a police officer has been remanded in custody after being charged with causing an explosion likely to endanger life and membership of the Irish Republican Army (IRA).A detective said police believe CCTV footage captured Mr Jordan and Mr Coyle driving two vehicles in the vicinity of the officer's house prior to the bomb.Police expert analysis of the CCTV footage had not even been able to confirm the make and model of the vehicle, he said, and the car later impounded by police was not even registered to Mr Jordan.A trace of nitroglycerin was also found in the boot of a
Burgess, born in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, began his career at.
The European Central Bank (ECB) cut its deposit rate by the minimum 0.1 percentage point to -0.3%, and extended its asset purchase program, but did not increase its monthly government bond purchases.
Regulated fares have risen by more than 25% in the last five years, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has said.The rise is the smallest since 2010 and even that was a one-off blip before an election.But it comes after years of stinging rises.
Avon and Somerset Police wants to raise the cost of the course from £80 to £95 to help pay for its road policing unit.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after he was struck at Kentish Town station in north London on Wednesday.
Nigerian lawmakers have introduced a bill to criminalise social media in the country.It proposes up to a seven-year sentence or $25,000 (£16,000) fine for anyone found to be sending "abusive messages".Human Rights Watch condemns the move as an attempt to muzzle free speech.Millions of social media users in Nigeria, as well as those sending text messages, could be affected, it says in a statement.The bill does not define 'abusive statement or messages'There will be a public hearing on the bill before it can be passed.Activists see the bill as an effort to target
Celine Stella has spent a number of years travelling to a variety of countries, working as a nanny and teaching French to children. Her latest job has taken her to Saudi Arabia, where she discovered a neon light in the desert, and she set about taking lots of pictures. A 30-year-old photographer has taken a series of pictures of neon in Saudi Arabia - and she's hoping they give other people an insight into what the real country behind the headlines is like as well.
David Cameron's promised in-out EU referendum was a vote-winner at the election, and probably essential to keep the lid on Tory euro-tension in the last parliament. But as the 2017 deadline appears on the horizon, it is prompting some Commons Tories to murmur of a "Corn Laws-style split" in the party.
Glasgow bin lorry FAI: Determination to be issued at 12 noon on Monday 7 December 2015. A summary will be available from 11.30 on Monday."
MLS Cup: Portland Timbers 2-1 Columbus Crew. The Portland Timbers beat the Columbus Crew in the MLS Cup final to win their first major trophy since joining MLS in 2011.
Mohammed Ali Abboud is on trial for murdering Agnieszka Szefler at the home they used to share in Bridge of Earn, Perthshire, in January.
Dan Biggar: Ospreys fly-half signs new deal to stay in Wales until 2019 World Cup. Osprey Dan Biggars signs a new deal which could keep him in Wales for the next four years. Dan "Biggar" Biggar is the first of Wales' 17 dually contracted players to re-sign on new deals.
Nottingham Giants 4-2 Belfast Panthers. Nottingham Giants and Belfast Panthers meet again on Saturday night in the second match of their double-header.
Miami Beckham United bid plans 'impressive'. David Beckham's bid plans for a world-class venue within the urban core are "impressive", says MLS commissioner Don Garber.
Ajinkya Rahane became the fifth Indian to score centuries in both innings of a Test match as they declared on 267-5.In reply, captain Hashim Amla (23 not out) took 46 balls to score a run, as South Africa made 72 in as many overs.
Flooding affected parts of Northern Ireland on Saturday and Sunday. A number of roads remain closed due to flooding and fallen trees.
The Forth Road Bridge has been closed for more than a week after a fault in the structure of the bridge caused it to collapse.The bridge was completely closed on Friday and alternative travel plans have been put in place.Extra trains between Fife and Edinburgh have been laid on and 11,000 park and ride spaces made available.The trains were very busy on Monday morning with increased queuing at Inverkeithing station but there was plenty of room at the park.
Monarch's flights to Sharm el-Sheikh are still suspended and it does not expect them to resume before next year
Canadian Roger Thomas Clark is said to have been a key adviser for Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht.
The roundabout, which saw more than 80 collisions and 90 people injured in 2012-14, was replaced with two-way traffic on Sunday.
The bodies were found by a herder looking for his animals.
The wreckage was from the first stage of a successful mission to the International Space Station from September last year.
Sylvia Blackburn, 72, suffered serious head injuries outside Bedford Road Lower School, Kempston, on 19 December 2014.
Body found by member of the public on private land near Leighton. A body has been found in the River Mersey after a 22-year-old man was last seen entering the Mersey near Shrewsbury.
The High Court granted the adjournment after hearing a share purchase agreement was due to be completed, which meant HMRC would receive £1.4m
Keurig Green Mountain, the maker of K-cups, will be bought by German investment firm JAB Holding for $92 a share in a deal that will make it the biggest player in the North American single-serve coffee pod market.Keurig will continue to operate as an independent company after the purchase.JAB Holding will pay a 78% premium to Friday's closing price to buy the company.
Oil prices have plunged again after OPEC refused to cut oil production.
The government wants migrants to wait four years before they can claim tax credits, to reduce immigration. The aim is opposed by many EU countries - particularly in eastern Europe - who say it would be discriminatory.The PM has indicated he would consider other ways of reducing migrants' incentives, to get a deal with the EU.Options being considered are understood to include imposing the benefit curbs on Britons too, so they are non-discriminatory, or reducing the proposed amount of time migrants would have to work in the UK before they could claim benefits.But the work and pensions secretary, Iain Duncan Smith made clear his belief that the
Former treasurer Joe Hockey has been appointed Australia's ambassador to the United States.
The Friends of Sherwood Forest say the £5.3m centre, located on the edge of a country park, will devastate the area.
The man had been serving a 30-month sentence for sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13.
Anglo American to cut 85,000 jobs. Anglo American has announced job cuts as part of its restructuring.
The flag is said to have flown above Nelson's warship HMS Leviathan
The Treasury has agreed to make the money available over a five-year period for a proposed new Historical Investigations Unit and other bodies.
Scott Williams: WRU chairman Gareth Davies confirms central contract withdrawn. The Welsh Rugby Union have withdrawn their central contract from Scott Williams after regions had "upped the ante" over his contract.
He was made the subject of a community payback order and put on the sex offenders register earlier this year.Geaney, who was 69 at the time he was sentenced, was not present at the hearing.
The interim review of Liverpool's green and open spaces, commissioned by Mayor Joe Anderson, suggests an extra Â£4.50 contribution is needed per person.
Champions Cup: Saracens 24-3 Oyonnax. Sarries fly-half Owen Farrell scored a try and added a penalty to help his side cruise to a bonus-point victory over OYONNax in the Champions Cup.
Ennio Morricone has said he would not have worked with Quentin Tarantino if he had been able to stomach the violence in the director's latest film, The Hateful Eight.The Italian composer was reported as saying he wouldn't work with Tarantino because he "places music in his films without coherence".But the 87-year-old told the BBC he had no issues with how the director incorporated his older works into films like Kill Bill and Django Unchained.
The draft Investigatory Powers Bill would place a legal duty on internet providers to assist in hacking devices.
GMTHodnet Parish Council has suggested Brian Wood takes a companion with him, to help pick it up.
Mark Clarke is the volunteer organiser at the heart of the bullying scandal which has bedevilled the party since September.He has been accused of bullying, sexually harassing and planning to blackmail other activists - allegations he has robustly denied.Patrick Sullivan, who runs a Conservative think tank, said hard copies of the 2010 dossier were handed to Lord Feldman and Tory co-chair Baroness Sayeeda Warsi.His testimony appears to contradict the account of Lord Feldman, a close friend and political ally of the prime minister.Lord Feldman insists he was not aware of any complaints before August 2015.Two activists involved in producing the document say
Ar Arlene Foster is the only person so far to declare an interest in becoming the next leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
The withdrawal of the last remaining rebels from al-Wair is a blow to the opposition because it gives the government complete control over what was once the centre of the uprising against the president.Has it come about because of Russia's intervention?The Syrian military launched an offensive on rebel-held areas outside Homs after Russia began its air campaign two months ago.The Syrian government had been trying to drive the rebels out of the city for months, but the withdrawal of 70,000 fighters from the area is a major victory for President Assad's forces.It is a victory for the Syrian government because it means the rebels will no
The UK's Independent newspaper has been hit by a ransomware attack on its blogs website.The malware holds files on the host machine to ransom and demands a payment to restore them.The Independent said it had removed all ads on the site while it investigated.It appears that an advert appearing on that blogsite may have included malware, said a spokesman for the newspaper."There is no suggestion or evidence that any of our users have been affected by this."The spokesman said the site affected was an old or "legacy" system that was now rarely visited.According to Trend Micro, the ransomware has been present on the Independent blogs
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said the party should aspire to govern, rather than be a "fringe protest movement".He has been a vocal critic of leader Jeremy Corbyn, warning before his leadership election victory that the party risked "annihilation".
A lollipop lady has admitted causing serious injury by dangerous driving after she was hit by a car.Brian Wright, 55, of Kempston, told Luton Crown Court he had been blinded by the setting sun.He accepted he had struck Mrs Blackburn but denies causing serious injuries. I am truly sorry for what I have done to her and her family.
Education Workforce Council figures showed 13 of 34 staff were barred for such conduct from August 2013 to 2015.
Samuel Walker was fatally injured in a hit-and-run as he crossed a road in Chorlton, Manchester, in February 2003.
The 66-year-old, of Ballybinaby, Hackballscross, County Louth, faces nine tax charges at the Republic of Ireland's Special Criminal Court.
Jeremy Corbyn is the most rebellious Labour MP of recent times - voting against the party leadership 533 times since Tony Blair came to power in 1997. But he has made his voice heard on a dizzying range of issues since the day he first arrived in the Commons in 1983, as MP for Islington North.
Ofqual says there were more than 572,000 queries over grades - an increase of 27%.
Ceredigion council will start the process of identifying where the Maes will be for the National Eisteddfod.
The incident happened at the Edenderry Industrial Estate on the Crumlin Road on Wednesday afternoon.
Joseph Mensah was arrested on suspicion of assault on Sunday before being transferred to Manchester Royal Infirmary
FTSE 100 closes down 38.63 points. Revenues of £1.43bn for the six months to 25 October and underlying earnings of £218.5m were below analysts' forecasts.
Jim Broadbent's A Christmas Carol is at the Noel Coward Theatre until 30 January.The classic adaptation, which opened on Wednesday, is presented on a set designed like a Victorian toy theatre.Broadbent plays his role with an undercurrent of his well-known affability, according to the critics.
The BBC's 10 o'clock News will be 45-minutes long from Monday through to Thursday, starting from 11 January.The move follows a five-month trial in the run-up to the General Election. The BBC has decided to extend the length of its main news bulletin from Monday to Thursday.
World Cup dressage: France's Julien Dujardin to ride Uthopia in Wednesday's freestyle.
Manchester United's Bastian Schweinsteiger sent off for elbow on West Ham's Winston Reid. Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schuster is sent off after catching West Ham defender Winston Reid with his left arm as they waited for a free-kick in Saturday's 0-0 draw at Old Trafford.
The top hashtags trending in Russia in November were mostly associated with Western pop culture, or its fans. One Direction, an English-Irish boy band, is particularly popular. On 24 November, Turkey shot down a Russian bomber on the border with Syria.
The hybrid ferry, named "Catriona", was launched on Friday morning by Transport Minister Derek Mackay.It was very briefly delayed when the ferry needed some gentle persuasion on the slipway.
Gothenburg bid chief Bjorn Erikkson said awarding the World Championships to Eugene had made him "really upset and for very good reasons".Eugene, which missed out, described the process as "bad ethics". But Eugene said it "adhered to all ethical and legal standards for organizing, presenting and advocating for our bid, according to IAAF rules".
A note reading "die a painful death, Muslims," was found in the envelope with the powder, the group's lawyer said.
A review into 22 child sexual exploitation cases in Northern Ireland has criticised the authorities for not doing enough.
The price of Brent crude oil fell below $39 a barrel at one point, its lowest since December 2008.
Ronnie O'Sullivan (Eng) 10-1 Barry Hawkins (Eng )50-66, 97-8 (70), 136-0 (136), 73-49 (52), 72-28, 64-36, 77-17 (77) 72-13 (72), 58-39, 92-0
A man has been jailed for raping a woman in a series of sexual assaults.Michael Pepper, 67, from Glasgow, raped the woman on various occasions between 1986 and 2001.He also hit her with a baseball bat and bottle, cut off her clothes, struck her with knife, kicked her on the body and caused her to fall downstairs.Pepper was also placed on the sex offenders register.Jailing him at the High Court in Glasgow, judge Johanna Johnston QC told Pepper: "Your actions blighted this woman's life.
Malorie Bantala, 22, gave birth at 32 weeks to a stillborn boy following the assault in London in June this year.
Prince Charles is colonel in chief of the Royal Gurkha Rifles and wore his Army field marshal uniform at the parade
Five ways to enjoy Christmas online. Here are five ways you can keep the whole thing more spiritual this year without giving up your gadgets.
A gang of 13 from Blaenau Gwent, Newport and Rhondda Cynon Taff have been jailed for drugs offences. Police seized 12kg of "high purity cocaine" equivalent to 48kg of cut cocaine worth between £1.5m and £4m.
Students from Queen's University Belfast have occupied a floor of the university's administration building.
Alice Gross investigation - timeline Alice Gross, 14, went missing on 28 August last year. Her body was found on 30 September after Scotland Yard's biggest search operation since the July 7 bombings in 2005
James Pattinson runs through the West Indies top order to secure his fourth five-wicket haul in Test cricket in Australia's 583-4 declared victory over West Indies at the Bellerive Oval in Sydney.James Pattinson ran through the Windies top order with five wickets in the first innings of the first Test in Sydney to secure a 5-0 series win for Australia. James Pattison runs through West Indies' top order as Australia wrap up victory in the opening Test of the three-match series with a five wicket win in Sydney. West Indies bowler Shannon Gabriel will return home after suffering an
A new venture called OpenAI says it expects its research - free from financial obligations - to focus on a "positive human impact".The $1bn (£800m) project is the brainchild of Elon Musk, Paypal co-founder Peter Thiel, Indian tech giant Infosys and Amazon Web Services.
Lt Col Lucy Giles, 46, will be at the helm at New College to help prepare young British Army officers for their chosen regiments.
John Swinney says the UK government's recent spending review placed "unprecedented pressure" on public expenditure north of the border.
Ofsted says it has found evidence of children being taught in squalid conditions in three places in Birmingham which have now closed.
Ed Sheeran has confirmed that his third album is "on its way" and "is the best thing I have made thus far".Ed Sheeroan has just completed a world tour of his number one album x in Auckland, New Zealand.
Seven people have denied conspiracy to defraud at Cardiff Crown Court after six insurance claims worth £144,000 were made between 2009 and 2011.
Two nurses have been jailed for failing to check patients' blood glucose levels on a specialist stroke ward at Princess of Wales Hospital in Bridgend.A third, Natalie Jones, 42, was given a community order for the same offence. The court heard Bertulano made false entries in patients' notes and readings on a glucose meter taken by Natalie Jones.
The 27-year-old woman was found at Knowle Close, Redditch
Russia has said a bomb brought down the Metrojet Airbus, after finding what it said were "traces of foreign explosives" on the debrisIt has vowed to "find and punish" the perpetratorsA group linked to so-called Islamic State (IS) said it bombed the plane.Russia suspended all flights to Egypt in the wake of the attack, with the UK also suspending flights to and from Sharm el-SheikhHowever, the head of the Egyptian committee investigating the crash, Ayman al-Muqaddim, was quoted by state TV on Monday as saying there was "no evidence that there is an act of terror
The US Charge d'Affaires in Havana, ambassador Jeffrey DeLaurentis, tells the BBC that the thaw has been significant at a diplomatic level but the key obstacle to "normal" bilateral relations, the lifting of the US economic embargo on Cuba, still hasn't happened.The US Congress is the only body which can take that decision.President Obama has urged them to do so but some members of Congress want Cuba to take steps over human rights first.As a result, there are no more products on the supermarket shelves in Cuba than there were before last December's announcement and most people say monthly incomes haven
He was caught after colleagues at the English Table Tennis Association reported their concerns to police.When police later analysed the girl's phone, they found 10 pictures involving Morris.Some showed them on beds kissing while others were pictures of his body that he had sent to her.Morris was questioned by police in March 2014 before being released.
BEARDED dragons were left in a cardboard box on the counter by a friend of a disabled man who could no longer take care of them.Staff warmed them and fed them, and found homes for eight of the animals.They are probably the best pet lizard species of all.
South Wales Police Ass Ch Con Nikki Holland said she was disappointed by the report.
Manchester's St Ann's Square was badly damaged, with a large bomb crater marking the road.War Office photographer William Lockeyear took a series of images as buildings burned and masonry came tumbling down.The sky glowed orange as huge clouds of smoke billowed and thickened the air with dust.The pungent whiff of burning wood and the smell of powdered brick and plaster lingered.The area around Deansgate near the cathedral was badly. The air raid sirens went off and being scared of any light showing through."We were all settled in this brick shelter about 500 yards away from the house in
The best business leaders - and rock music legends - share their thoughts on running or setting up a business in 2016. From implementing plans to further grow their companies, to dealing with the likely problems that will need to be overcome, this is the time of year when forward planning is the centre of attention.
Tim Peake to launch to the International Space Station.
The first carrier, HMS Queen Elizabeth, is expected to be operational in 2020.
The 10 most popular individual sporting events of 2015 were:
Jean-Marc Bosman: The Bosman case that changed football's rules. Jean Marc Bosman was convicted of assault following claims he had been involved in an argument with his girlfriend after he asked her daughter to get him some booze. He was sentenced to a year in prison in 2013.
Sydney siege: A memorial to the victims of the Sydney siege is being built into the pavement in Martin Place. The Sydney siege has been marked with a memorial to those who died in the siege of the cafe where a gunman held 18 hostages for 17 hours.
Alloa Athletic have signed former St Mirren defender Gary Ross from Dumbarton and Hearts. Alloa are bottom of the Championship, three points adrift of Livingston.
Las Vegas, Nevada, is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the United States, with a population of more than 1.5 million people and a population density of 1.7 million people per square kilometre.The city is also home to the largest concentration of Muslims in the US, with more than a million people living in the city.A 2011 survey of Muslim Americans, estimated that there were 1.8 million Muslim adults (and 2.75 million Muslims of all ages) in the country.Pew Research Center's 2014 Religious Landscape Study found that 0.9% of US adults identify as Muslims
South Wales Police have sentenced a gang of drug dealers who dealt in "industrial quantities" of heroin. A gang of heroin dealers has been jailed for more than five years after being convicted of trafficking the class A drug into Wales.
The woman told Sheffield Crown Court she was just 12 when she was picked up from a children's home and abused by Basharat Hussain and two other men.She also said she had been taken to Blackpool and raped by several men.The witness, who cannot be named due to the nature of the allegations, told jurors said she was first abused after she and a friend were taken out for a meal by Mr Hussain and a number of other Asian males.
Swanseasea parted company with Garry Monk on Wednesday and are thought to want a new boss before Sunday's West Ham game
Space research is not for the squeamish.But if there is ever to be a long trek through space to Mars or even beyond, medical knowledge of how humans cope will be essential.So some of the research is aimed specifically at gaining new insights that will benefit future generations of spacefarers while other experiments are designed to have a relevance to life here on Earth.One European Space Agency project is investigating the properties of metals in a level of detail that cannot be matched down on the ground because of the influence of gravity.Prof Mike Cruise of the University of Birmingham, who chairs ESA's human spaceflight science advisory committee
Young Sports Personality of the Year 2015: Gloucestershire jockey Ryan Moore compared to Ryan Moore. Ryan Moore is the best jockey in the world at the moment, according to Richard Hannon, the trainer of Gloucester's Ryan Marquand.Marquand has racked up 68 wins across the last 12 months.
England v South Africa: Ben Stokes and Chris Taylor retire hurt by injuries. Stokes smashed 158 from 131 balls and Taylor compiled a stylish 114 before both were retired out in the first of two warm-up matches for England against South Africa.Ben Stokes (158) and Sam Billings (114) helped England recover from 56-3 as Alastair Cook managed only two and new opening partner Alex Hales eight.
Welsh Plaid Cymru has warned the steel industry in Wales is facing a "canary in the mine" because of high energy prices.The party's economy spokesman Rhun ap Iorwerth said: "Figures show that the threat to our economy runs far deeper than steel, but affects the range of industries that our economy is built upon."The UK government has been asked to comment
Watson, the world number 55, won her second WTA tour title at the Hobart International in January
Domino's Pizza Enterprises to buy Joey's Pizza in Germany. The deal is worth up to A$120m ($86m).
Christopher Meli, 20, was found dead near houses at Glasvey Close.
When the US raises rates, the US dollar tends to rise which means other currencies depreciate against it. And that's going to hurt some emerging markets.Moody's has already highlighted the issues for emerging markets: the ones where domestic challenges have added to exchange rate problems will be the worst off.So in Asia - that's Indonesia, Malaysia and possibly India.RBC Capital Markets says emerging markets currencies will be weaker in 2016 and that Asia's debt levels as a percentage of GDP have converged to those of the developed world.That's worrying for Asian companies who have a lot of their debt in US dollars,
John Swinney's draft budget: What can be expected of the Scottish finance secretary's taxation and spending plans?The Scottish government's first minister, Alex Salmond, has promised to deliver his draft budget by the end of the year. But he did not know the size of block grant coming from the Treasury in London until George Osborne's autumn statement on 25 November.So with few sleeps and bargain-seeking days to Christmas, the budget process is being delivered this week, and the legislative timetable squeezed. The Scottish government is expected to deliver its draft budget as early as next week, with the first minister expected to announce
Northumberland, Tyne and Wear NHS Foundation Trust (NTW) staff were "greatly distressed".
It all began with Peter Cook in Beyond the Fringe. His befuddled take on Harold Macmillan, the patrician grouse moor Tory who told Britons they had "never had it so good", was seen as a thrilling challenge to the old, established order at the birth of the "satire boom" in the early 1960s. But if Cook thought his barbs would stop politicians trying to get in on the joke, he had underestimated the thickness of their hide or their seemingly pathological desire to appear as a good sport.Sitting with a silly grin on your face, on a chat show
In Italy, women are free to change their surname on marrying, if they wish. In Greece, you must petition a court for a name change.
Human Rights Watch says it has found new evidence of torture in the Syrian government's detention centres, highlighting some of the key causes of death of the 53,000 images that were smuggled out of Syria by a military police photographer.The images were first published in January 2014 in a report by three former war crimes prosecutors that was commissioned by Qatar, which supports the political and armed opposition in Syria.Syria's government and its allies had questioned the images' authenticity.In an interview earlier this year, President Bashar al-Assad said: "You can bring photographs from anyone and say this is torture.
Nigel Farage has said he expects the UK referendum on leaving the European Union to be held next June.The UKIP leader told MEPs that the vote would be an opportunity for the UK to regain its "national self-confidence".He described David Cameron's renegotiation strategy as a "charade" which would yield only "minor" changes.EU leaders will discuss the UK's reform agenda, including proposed curbs on benefits, at a dinner on Thursday.While there will be no agreement at the two-day EU Council meeting, the UK expects there to be "substantive and frank discussions" which could potentially pave the
Los Angeles police chief Charlie Beck said it was "very easy in hindsight to criticise the decision".
South African President Jacob Zuma is facing a fresh wave of protests in the capital, Pretoria, following his sacking of two finance ministers last week. The latest protests are a reaction to him sacking two finance minister last week, further damaging confidence in the economy.
Hutchinson is involved in metal design and manufacturing and laser cutting.
Air France was fined the largest amount - €182.9m - while KLM was fined €127.2m. The two carriers merged to form Air France-KLM in 2004.
The onus will now be on the Stormont to come up with new abortion legislation.
Accident and emergency waiting times for patients have lagged behind other parts of the UK.Two years ago, a major hospital in Belfast, Royal Victoria, was said to be "at breaking point", as.
Emma Pooley says she wants to return to cycling for the Rio Olympics and will target the time trial and may also support Lizzie Armitstead in the road race.Pooley, 33, retired from cycling after winning two silver medals at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
The project has been partly funded by American Football's professional league, the NFL.
Vikki Thompson, 21, died at HMP Leeds on 13 November.She had been awaiting sentencing for robberyHer partner Bob Steele said the letter should have alerted officials to her apparent distress, and added he had been.
Saudi Arabia on Tuesday said 34 mainly Muslim nations would be part of the counter-terrorism grouping.Prince Mohammed said it would focus on efforts to fight terrorism in Iraq, Syria,.
A judicial review has been launched after free taxis for pupils living 12 miles (19km) from Ysgol Brynhyfryd were stopped.
Black Friday sales were up by 1.7% in November from the month before, the Office for National Statistics said.
A German woman is suing Bayer after she suffered a pulmonary embolism from the contraceptive pill Yasminelle.The case is the first of its kind in Germany, Bayer's home country.Bayer insists that its contraceptive pills are safe when taken correctly.The company has already paid out some $1.9bn to thousands of women in the US over the alleged side effects.In 2013, France temporarily banned the sale of Bayer's Diane-35, an oral acne treatment often used as birth control, after four deaths were linked to its use.The firm has already faced a series of law suits in Germany and elsewhere
Natalie Towers, 24, of Adams Street, Shildon, County Durham, had earlier admitted a charge of administering poison with intent to procure a miscarriage while 32-34 weeks pregnant. A woman has been jailed for three years after she killed her unborn baby with a drug she bought online. Natalie Towers (pictured), 24, was living with her boyfriend in November 2014 when she bought and took a drug which caused strong contractions, the court heard.After she felt unwell, she rang 999 to say she was having a miscarriage
The group have no further details, but at least two other members have been killed by IS militants since 2014.
Firefighters across the UK who retired between 2001 and 2006 received lower lump sums than they should have because of an error by the UK government.
"A system which encourages panicked adjustments to be functional is not fit for purpose.
Mick Fanning's brother Peter Fanning dies after being forced to fight off a shark during a competition in South Africa.
Mother Teresa died in 1997 and was beatified - the first step towards sainthood
Guus Hiddink returns to Chelsea as manager after Jose Mourinho's sacking. Chelsea have announced the appointment of Guus "Hiddink" Hoddink as their new manager, replacing Jose Mourinho, who was sacked on Thursday with the club 16th in the Premier League table. Chelsea manager Guus ""I am excited to return," said the Dutchman. "Chelsea is one of the biggest clubs in the world but is not where it should be.
Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was travelling to the United Nations General Assembly in New York.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured in a car crash in the Black Country just days before Christmas. Police are seeking a light grey or blue vehicle in connection with the crash.
The downing of the jet plunged relations between Russia and Turkey into crisis, with Moscow imposing sanctions in response.Turkey insists that the jet, from the Russian air contingent deployed in Syria in support of President Bashar al-Assad, ignored warnings to leave its airspace.
Surrey captain Tom Batty says it's a great honour to be captain of the side. Surrey captain Tim Batty has said it's an honour to lead the side to promotion to Division One.
ViiV Healthcare, GlaxoSmithKline's HIV business, will acquire two operations specialising in late stage treatments and early phase medicines.
Nine in 10 hospitals are increasing bed numbers - but despite this they have problems seeing patients quickly enough and discharging them. The warning has been made by the Royal College of Emergency Medicine in its weekly update of A&E performance.
Young MP named People of the Year by NME. The 21-year-old member of parliament is named alongside Miley Cyrus, Taylor Swift and Noel Gallagher.
Students at Riverheads High School were studying the Middle East and were asked to trace a piece of Arabic calligraphy that translated to: "There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah". Some pupils refused the assignment and parents accused the teacher of indoctrination.Officials with the Augusta County school district were quick to point out that the study of a region's religion and language are included in geography lessons.However, anger built up and by Wednesday complaints had become so numerous that the school's doors were locked and monitored.By Friday, the messages - described as profane and hateful - had increased and the decision was
Sri Lanka cricket: Suspected bookmaker approached two Sri Lankan players ahead of the World Cup.
The process involves growing someone's cells in an incubator and then mixing them with a liquid which is 3D printed into the jelly-like shape needed.It is then put back in the incubator to grow again until it is ready.
More than 560,000 people missed at least one NHS outpatient appointment in 2014/15, according to new figures released by the Scottish Government.The figures were obtained by Health Scotland through a Freedom of Information request.The Scottish government is committed to supporting health boards to deliver secure messaging services, including reminders.Health Scotland also recently published a report looking at those who did not attend appointments over a 10 year period from 2002/03 to 2011/12."We welcome this report which will provide boards with further learning on the issue of non-attendance."Health Secretary Shona Robison said the percentage of patients missing appointments has decreased slightly
Atletico Madrid 1-1 Barcelona: Diego Simeone's side surrendered a 15-game unbeaten run as Charles fired home an 88th-minute volley.
Deputy Dan wins the Cheltenham Gold Cup. Deputy Dan pulls away to win by eight lengths.
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone was donating the money for medical research "to make amends", said Mariella Enoc, head of the Bambino Gesu Hospital.The foundation collects donations for a children's hospital in Rome.Ms Enoc said that the cardinal had acknowledged the affair had "damaged our hospital and our foundation... and thus he is making amends to us with a donation".
FIFA president Sepp Blatter and Uefa president Michel Platini have been suspended for eight years after being found guilty of breaches of Fifa's ethics code.Media playback is not supported on this device Blatter, 79, and Platini, 60, fined £33,700 ($50,000) and £54,000 ($80,000).He said he was "really sorry" that he is still "a punching ball" and that he has become tainted in the eyes of humanity.He added that he thought he had convinced the Fifa ethics tribunal that the payment from Fifa to Platini was legitimate.He
A woman has been charged with common assault and possession of an offensive weapon.
The Dawlish to Teignmouth line connects Cornwall and Devon to the rest of the UK.
Adam Adam Chapman (York City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner.Matt Green (Mansfield Town) hits the bar with a header from 12 yards inside the left post.Foul by Daniel Galbraith (York Town).Attempt missed.Fee by Adam Chapman.Adam Chapman.Adi Yussuf.Fouled by Femi Ilesanmi.FOUL by Adam Summerfield.Adam Summerfield.Foulfoul by Dani Carbone.Adam Winterfield.Fougled by Adam Manning.Adam Manning.Bradley Fewster.
Japan's Nikkei closes down as Toshiba falls 9.8% on reports it is expecting record losses for the year to March. Japan's main stock market has closed down after Toshiba shares fell on reports the electronics giant is expecting a record loss of 550bn yen ($4.53bn).
Chile airport workers go on strike for 24 hours. Chile's airport ground workers' union called the strike after the government rejected their request to join the more generous Chilean military pension plan.
The lifesaving equipment is believed to have been taken from outside of Frenchay Village Hall, near Bristol
Ryan Totten, 7, and Ian McKinley found themselves barred from playing rugby in Ireland because of eyesight problems.Both of them were keen to play the sport they love wearing special sports goggles.But the Irish Rugby Football Union (IRFU), the game's governing body in Ireland, had blown the whistle on that.An IRFU ruling banned players of all ages from wearing eyewear of any kind during play.However, the IRFU has agreed to register to participate in an ongoing World Rugby goggles trial.Ryan and Ian, it's a win win situation.But it is also great for under-age children in
Bristol's Steve Borthwick leaves after only 43 days as forwards coach. Bristol head coach Stuart Robinson says he is "disappointed" by the manner in which forwards coach Steve Bothwick has left the club.Borthwick was named forwards coach with Jones' new-look England in acrimonious circumstances last week.Robinson was forwards coach during England's World Cup-winning era under Sir Clive Woodward before taking over as England head coach himself from 2004-06.
South Africa v England: Dale Steyn and Morne Morkel to take wickets. South Africa face England in the fifth and final Test of the five-match series in Durban on Friday.South Africa are ranked number one but lost their last series in India 3-0.
The accountants' organisation said scrutiny of Welsh legislation was suffering due to "significant workloads for politicians shifting from Westminster to Cardiff Bay".
Emergency workers had to delay their response because some explosive cartridges were still live.
Russian military representatives presented their preliminary findings in Moscow on Monday, after opening the "black box" on Friday in the presence of international expertsSome 13 of the 16 chips had been destroyed, while x-ray tests on the others showed extracting information would be impossible using normal methodsHowever, the BBC's Sarah Rainsford in Moscow says further work will be done to see if other methods of retrieving the data are possibleThe Su-24 was shot down by F-16 fighters on 24 NovemberTurkey insists that the jet, from the Russian air contingent deployed in Syria in support of President Bashar al-Assad, ignored warnings to leave its airspaceBoth
The Nativity story tells how wise men, or magi, came to pay their homage to Jesus bringing him gifts of gold, frankincense and myrrh.Each Christmas Eve, Latin Catholic priest, Father Jamal Khadr, accompanies the patriarch in a traditional procession from Jerusalem.On the way to the Church of the Nativity, they are met by Palestinian Christians for a special mass at midnight.In 2003, an 8m(26ft)-high concrete wall was erected in Bethlehem - part of Israel's barrier built in and around the West Bank.Nowadays clashes regularly take place by one of these gates.
Ireland all-rounder Declan Rankin will return to Test cricket for the first time since his last appearance for England on 18 January 2016. Former England all-rounder DeclanRankin will be available for the InterContinental Cup match with Papua New Guinea in Australia from 31 January to 3 February and then the ICC World Twenty20 in March.
The 10-year-old son of Crown Prince Frederik was saved last Thursday by a lifeguard on the popular Gold Coast strip.
The Taliban has been regaining ground in Sangin and is now poised to recapture the district from Afghan forces.
Hermione Granger has been cast as a black actress in the upcoming film "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2".The announcement reignited a long-running debate about Hermione's race with many pointing out that the character's skin colour is never specified by author JK Rowling.In the books, she is described more often by her personality traits than her physical appearance.The character fights a constant battle against prejudice because she was born to non-wizarding parents.This casts her as an outsider in a world where wizards of "pure" blood are seen by some to be superior, and "mudbloods
South Wales Fire and Rescue Service put out the blaze at Alexandra Docks which came after 20,000 tonnes of wood caught alight on 5 December
They're all back on the big screen again in The Peanuts Movie.
Poland's highest court has convicted a former professor of terrorism of planning a terrorist attack, illegal weapons possession and inciting two students to carry out an attack. He suggested he had been manipulated by Polish intelligence agents.
Homes have been added to My NHS, part the NHS Choices site, allowing users to leave ratings and reviews to help other people assess services.
El Nino set to exacerbate droughts in some areas, while increasing flooding in others.Some of the worst impacts are likely in Africa with food shortages expected to peak in February.Regions including the Caribbean, Central and South America will also be hit in the next six months.This periodic weather event has helped push 2015 into the record books as the world's warmest year.
It will be the first time since West Berlin in 1987 that Germany has hosted the opening stage of road cycling's premier race.
We want you to share your story with us too by tweeting, posting, sharing, snapping and chatting your way through the next six months. We're proud of all the things that make us unique and we reckon that by embracing our differences we can make our own lives happier - and inspire someone else along the way.
Sandra Bland died by asphyxiation after using a plastic bag to hang herself in her cell, according to Waller County District Attorney Elton MathiasVideo footage from the jail did not show what happened inside Ms Bland's cell, but did suggest no-one entered or left it until someone found her unconscious
Waclaw Radziwinowicz, who works for the Gazeta Wyborcza daily, said: "Marusia is going with me to Poland."
India's parliament has passed a bill to toughen up the punishment for rapists of children under the age of 18. At present, those under 18 can be sentenced to a maximum of three years in a reform facility.
Scarlets' Nicky Smith is also available after injury for a match coach Steve Tandy expects to be one to savour.
The professional dancers on the show are booked on a series by series contract, meaning no dancers are yet signed up for the 2016 series.
Christopher Daldorph, 45, spent up to two hours a day over 14 years viewing the material.
Antigua: Deadly disease wipes out almost half of the island's majestic coconut palms. It's devastating to see them standing there looking like beheaded soldiers. It's shocking, it feels irreverent."Coconuts are used in so many aspects of daily life here too; people cook with them, put the oil on their skin and hair. And while it may not be part of conventional medicine, it's part of our tradition to use the oil to heal the skin and cleanse the body."Lethal yellowing is spread by a plant-hopping insect that Mrs Japal believes was probably
Carlisle have three 'home' fixtures at neutral grounds and beat Notts County at Preston's Deepdale.
Susan O'Brien QC has said those giving evidence must have experienced abuse no later than 17 December 2014.
Tiger Woods hopes to play competitively again early in 2016. Tiger Woods says he is still aiming for a more prominent role in next year's Ryder Cup.
The controversy over the city's name re-surfaced the following year.The Northern Ireland Department of Economic Development (DED) said that the use of the word 'Derry' in a job advertisement for the local Shantallow Area Workshop was "politically-motivated" and that Londonderry should be used as the postal address.In response, the unionist unionist association said it reinforced the claim for a separate district council for the East Bank of the Foyle.In the case of bodies funded from public money it is more difficult to apply the policy," he said."If a body insists on
Gao was found guilty of attempted murder at Reading Crown Court.Adrian Foster, chief crown prosecutor for Thames and Chiltern Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), said: "There is no doubt
The musician, whose real name is Alex Crossan, talks to the BBC from the flatshare in Brighton where he records all of his music. He has already created a strong body of original material, incorporating Asian soundscapes (Shakuhachi flutes, thumb pianos) into his glitchy electronica. His most recent track, Love For That, is a sumptuous, string-drenched ballad which found its way onto the BBC 1Xtra playlist after being played more than a million times on SoundCloud.
New rules come in on 1 January, which will reduce compensation to £75,000 per person, per institution.Previously the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) protected savings of up to.
Carwyn Jones said Wales had a "proud tradition of being a friendly and hospitable nation".
Posh news: Callum Elder, Gabriel Zakuani and Kgosi Ntlhe sidelined.
A forensic anthropologist has been helping police to establish the circumstances of the man's death.
If the dribbling of the glass starts to outstrip the forward progress of the nozzle, the thread will trace out a meandering, wavy line instead of a straight one. Then if the forward motion gets even slower, the glass will start to trace small, alternating loops. Even slower, and the loops become one big coil.It was a surprise, Dr Brun said, that this simple ratio produced such a variety of shapes."This is a very complex system, but you can forget about all the other properties. That's a big statement, which has no reason to be true - but it is, in this
Mikhail Khodorkovsky says he is considering asking for political asylum in the UK. Mikhail Putin has said he considers former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail "a serious threat" to the country's security, according to a court in Moscow.Mr Putin pardoned him in 2013 and he now lives abroad, mainly in Switzerland.He is accused of ordering several of his employees to kill both the mayor and a businessman, who survived.Mr Rybin survived a gun attack in November 1998 and a second attack on his car in March 1999, when another man in the vehicle was killed and several people were injured.Five people have already been tried
The world was a scary place in 2015. Cyber-attacks, trolls, terrorist propaganda, sexism, racism, Twitter mobs... stop the web now, Mr Berners-Lee, we want to get off.So, when it came to compiling 2015's list of the most viral videos and memes (see 2012's, 2013's and 2014's), I decided to impose a couple of ground rules to keep things upbeat.Rule number one: nothing miserableRule number two: nothing in this list was created specifically to go viralAs in, a committee of advertising executives didn't sit around a room and decide how to spend money on making
Ten Ten cities in China have been issued red alerts, the country's environmental ministry has said.The announcement follows last week's warning that a vast area of China would be badly hit by pollution.Red alerts trigger advisories for people to stay inside, schools to stop classes, and restrict vehicle use.An environmental ministry statement issued on Wednesday night said the 10 cities with red alerts include Tianjin as well as smaller surrounding cities Puyang, Xinxiang, Dezhou, Handan, Xintai, Langfang, Hengshui, Xinji and Anyang.They are among 30 cities including Beijing seeing "severe
The death of a 10-month-old child in Pakistan has sparked outrage among the country's elite. But this is also a story which has cut to the heart of Pakistan's political conscience and raised questions about so-called VIP culture.
Archbishop of Westminster Vincent Nichols said Christians were the most persecuted people, but few of them would receive sanctuary.
Polish national Daria Pionko, 21, was found in Springwell Road, Holbeck, at about 01:30 GMT on Wednesday
A petition has been launched to change the law to give revenge-porn victims no right to hide their identities.
The Serpentine Swimming Club in London has seen a huge growth in numbers over the past five years, with 40% of members now actively swim throughout the winter.
Ghanaia is struggling with a large budget deficit and a widening public debtThe branding involved respraying the 116 imported passenger buses and adding portraits of the current President John Mahama, his three immediate predecessors and Ghana's first head of state, Kwame NkrumahA proper procurement method was "not followed and the contract did not ensure value for money," the government said after a review by Attorney General Marietta Brew Appiah-OpongOpposition and anti-corruption campaigners have raised concerns over the amount spent, which they said was far too much, forcing the presidency to set up an investigationThe BBC's Sammy Darko
Japan closed all its nuclear reactors after the Fukushima disaster in 2011.The Takahama plants had already obtained approval from the country's nuclear watchdog."Today's two rulings show a recognition that safety has been ensured at Talahama Nuclear Power Station," Kansai said
Glasgow City Council said the implementation of cameras had been explored but the topography of the site made it difficultThe Glasgow Necropolis is a historic cemetery and tourist attractionThe 37-acre Victorian cemetery, east of the city centre, contains about 3,500 monuments and sculpturesCh Insp Pettigrew, the officer in charge of the Necropolis area, told the BBC: "At this time of year, it is not the same as the spring and summer months. Gang activity in the east end in general is very much in the decline in recent years."The cameras themselves act as a deterrent because when people know they are here, they clearly
Gwen Thomson, 51, from Torry, died after the accident on Market Street on Wednesday morning.
The dead and injured are being taken to the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital in Nnewi.
The Pope was celebrating a Christmas eve Mass in St Peter's Basilica in front of about 10,000 people.
Radiohead have now made their brooding, orchestral song, titled Spectre, available as a free download on Soundcloud
West Brom 2-1 Stoke. West Brom win their second game in a row to move further away from the relegation zone as Jonny Evans scores his first Premier League goal for the club. West Baggies beat Stoke at The Hawthorns to move three points clear at the top of the Premier League table.Stoke had two men sent off within the first 30 minutes in August and needless indiscipline proved costly again.
A 52-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder close to where the victim was found.
A 24-year-old man has been charged with murder after a man was found badly injured in the early hours of Wednesday at flats in Thurso Crescent in Dundee.
The Conwy Valley line between Llandudno Junction and Blaenau Ffestiniog, Gwynedd, was shut after water reached platform level at North Llanrwst station.
Samy Amimour was one of three suicide attackers who killed 90 people at a rock concert.
Plas Cadnant Hidden Gardens, near Menai Bridge, on Anglesey, Wales, is devastated after a "tidal wave" of flood water swept through the garden in the early hours of Saturday.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says Harry Kane is not for sale after the striker broke his club record for league goals in a calendar year.
A second 16-year-old boy arrested at the scene on Saturday on suspicion of affray and possession of a weapon remains in custody.
Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden's former bodyguard has died in Yemen, local officials say.Mr Bahri, also known as Abu Jandal, was also a driver for the late al Qaeda leader, when he was in Afghanistan.
Electricity North West said about 680 customers in Bury and 480 in Rochdale were still cut off.
EastEnders star Peggy Mitchell in pictures: The 78-year-old actress is famed for being part of the classic Carry On... line up
A Liberal Democrat AM has accused Labour of wasting tens of thousands of pounds on a useless poster campaign about the Metro in south Wales.
The issue has been described as the biggest challenge facing police focussed on breaking up organised crime groups.
The woman's husband was rescued from the blaze and is being treated in hospital.
Guinea is expected to celebrate the landmark with concerts and fireworks.More than 100 health workers also lost their lives in the fight against the disease.
Belgian police have arrested four people suspected of planning attacks against several "symbolic targets" in Brussels and the provinces of Flemish Brabant and Liege.
A man has robbed a van driver of a two-figure sum of money and left in the direction of Bruntsfield Place.The incident happened in Forbes Road at about 10:25. The van driver had picked up the thief in Yeaman Place in his red Renault Trafic van.
Federal investigation into Chicago police. A federal investigation into the Chicago police is under way amid a national debate about the police use of force.
The Specials drummer John 'Brad' Bradbury has died at the age of 69.The ska group tweeted the news: "It is with deep regret that we say goodbye to our great friend, the world's greatest drummer, our beloved Brad.
Firefighters were called to a blaze at a croft house in Kilmuir on Saturday.
Dublin Airport staff were unable to work at Dublin Airport due to severe weather.At one stage, winds were gusting at 55 knots and winds over 48 knots are not safe for airport staff to work in.Some passengers were kept on planes for two hours, but wind speeds eventually dropped, allowing them to disembark.Flights from Edinburgh, Tenerife, Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, Newcastle, Glasgow, Gatwick
London remained the strongest performing region for the fifth year running, with average prices up 12% compared with a year ago, according to Nationwide. Nationwide said the average price of a property in the UK rose by 0.8% in the three months to the end of December compared with the same period a year earlier.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has blamed Pakistan-based militant groups for the escalating violence.
A volunteer first aid worker has been awarded the New Year's Honours for his role in helping to put out a Code Red after a Hawker Hunter jet crashed in front of a 20,000-strong crowd in Kent.Richard Tyler, 44, saw the HawkerHunter jet go up in a loop and come down again as it crashed onto the A27 on 22 August."This is an award for the team because they did a marvellous job on the day. They're all volunteers."We plan for these sorts of things, we hope it never happens, unfortunately it did, but the plans worked really well
A woman has been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice.
The Eide Barge 33 missed the Valhall field by at least 1km (0.6 miles).
Leicester City Council had not undertaken a "robust risk assessment" of the boy's great-great-uncle.
Ron Stone has been described as a "true champion" of St George West, the ward he had represented on Bristol City Council since 1985.
Connacht: T O'Halloran, N Adeolokun, B Aki, C Ronaldson, J Carty, K Marmion; F Bealham, T McCartney, N White, A Muldowney, A Browne, J Muldoon (capt), J Heenan, E Masterson.
A woman who was charged with drunken driving in New York has pleaded not guilty to a charge of driving under the influence of alcohol.The woman was arrested near Buffalo in October 2014 after police said she was driving erratically.A Breathalyzer test showed that her blood-alcohol level more than four times the legal limit.The arresting officer said she failed several field sobriety tests.After her arrest, her doctor conducted tests that found that high levels of yeast in her intestines ferment high-carbohydrate foods.Prosecutors are seeking to have the charges against the woman reinstated."She can register a blood alcohol content that would
Oil prices are expected to take at least another year to clear as the international surplus continues.
A landslide in China's southern city of Shenzhen killed 74 people in December.The landslide happened when a hill of construction waste collapsed, leaving 74 people either missing or dead.It is thought the 11 arrested today were among those.
Mein Kampf (My Struggle) was originally published in 1925 - eight years before Hitler came to power.
A gunman has opened fire at a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv on New Year's Day, killing at least four people and wounding eight others, police say.The incident took place in Dizengoff Street, a busy part of the city centre filled with bars and cafes.It was not immediately clear what motivated the shooting, which follows a wave of Palestinian attacks against Israelis over the past few months.Israeli media are reporting that the attacker has been identified as an Israeli Arab from northern Israel.The Times of Israel reported, citing police sources, that his father had recognised his son in security footage and called
Ospreys' Ben Webb close to return from foot injury. Osprey's Ben Webb says he is close to a return from a serious foot injury and has renewed his dual contract with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Queen's pulled a consolation goal back in stoppage time through John Carter.
More places will also be made available at all of Scotland's teacher education universities.Ministers are also asking the new Strategic Board for Teacher Education to consider whether further actions are needed "to make sure we have the right numbers of teachers in our schools".
Gordon Aikman has motor neurone disease (MND). He was diagnosed at 29. This cruel condition is shutting down his body. There's neither a cure nor an effective treatment.But Gordon refuses to give in without a fight.He's raising money for research and campaigning for better patient care.His old gymnastics club is donating Â£700.His former coach is donating £500. His old gym is donating $1,000.It's January 2015 - seven months after doctors gave him the devastating diagnosis.He can still walk with a crutch and he drove himself here from Edinburgh.But his
Pupils aged 11 will be expected to know their tables up to 12x12, and will be tested using an "on-screen check".
A man has died after he was found with multiple injuries to his head and body in Sheffield.
The Met Office warned of heavy rain in the morning, followed by heavy showers, from 04:00 GMT.
Messages posted on social media claimed the user planned to "kill as many people as possible" at Montgomery High School in Bispham on Monday, the Blackpool Gazette reportedThe planned attack was in revenge for alleged bullying, the post addedThe unnamed Facebook user also praised gun killers in schools in the United States and posted on the school's Facebook page: "Nobody talks to me or notices me except when they're calling me a nerd and pushing me around"Responding to one student after the post was made, the user asked: "You think it's a joke?
Two men were assaulted at North High Street, Musselburgh, between 19:15 and 19:40 on Saturday. He was wearing a dark blue and white top with grey trousers.
Michael B Jordan for Rocky spin-off Creed and Charlotte Rampling for 45 Years win best supporting actress at the Lincoln Centre for the Performing Arts in New York.
War and My Mediterranean with Adrian Chiles on BBC Two.
Bomb disposal experts are due to arrive at the scene on Wednesday.
Norwich 1-0 Southampton: Yaya Toure's Yaya Tettey scores a "toe-poke" to give Norwich a win.
Big Bash League: Chris Gayle apologises for 'disrespectful and inappropriate' comments. Chris Gayles apologises to Ten Sport's Melanie McLaughlin after he was asked about his aggressive batting style during an interview on Australia's Big Bash league.Chris Gayle, who scored 41 runs in 15 deliveries, apologises after he is accused of inappropriate behaviour during a Big Bash interview.
Cumbria floods: Tourists face 'huge number of cancellations'. Tourists are facing a "huge number" of cancelled bookings as a result of flooding in the county over the Christmas period, a tourism official has said.There's a big danger of them saying, 'We'll wait and go somewhere else in the UK until things are better.
Northern Ireland's Michael Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling after winning the scratch race at the 2014 World Championships in Belarus.Media playback is not supported on this device
The National Trust said it believed a container had gone overboard from a ship, during the stormy weather.
After the war, the dormitories in south London became temporary accommodation for immigrants from countries like Jamaica who were invited to live in the UK.
Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon: The standoff between the US government and the armed occupiers of a US wildlife refuge in the US state of Oregon. We were told we would not be shown anything relating to "operational security" or anything that would "put lives at risk" and, indeed, we were kept away from any weapons on the site.We were not allowed into most of the buildings and saw no more than a dozen men and one woman inside.The guards told us that the armed men inside were not taking visitors at present but would be happy to come out and meet the media face to face
The US state department has condemned the attack on the Pathankot air force base in Indian-administered Kashmir, saying it is an attempt to derail recent peace moves by Pakistan and India. The United Jihad Council - a coalition of militant groups fighting Indian rule in Kashmir - has claimed responsibility for an attack on an Indian army base near the Pakistani border.
David Cameron has said ministers will be allowed to campaign with their conscience in the referendum on whether the UK stays in the European Union.The prime minister said he was "surprised" at the number of Conservatives who will campaign with UKIP to leave the EU.But he told MPs "it will be open to individual ministers to take a different, personal decision while remaining part of the government".
It is not known how the swan got trapped on the rooftop of Agatha's Boutique but it could not fly off as it did not have enough space to take enough of a run up
A pair of sheep farmers have been jailed for three years for stealing their neighbour's ewes.They have broken the rules of the unwritten 'Shepherd's Bible' which has guided sheep farmers for generations. Farmers need to be able to trust their neighbours and they have shown themselves unworthy of that trust.
The technology lets people physically feel the buttons displayed on a touchscreen, which could help drivers keep their eyes on the road.
Figures in Melrose also rose sharply compared with 2014 but exceptionally low levels were recorded.
Australia's goannas have been trained not to eat cane toads, scientists say. Researchers at the University of Sydney in Australia have found that wild monitor lizards can learn from experience and retain that knowledge over a long period of time. A new study has found that the goanna can learn to avoid eating a cane toad - and survive in the presence of a high-density of toads.The researchers say that extending the trial could help the continent's wildlife.Cane toads were introduced to Australia in the 1930s to control sugar cane pests.But the subsequent spread has been unstoppable, devastating the continent
Norma Diffley, who ran a boutique in Donaghadee, died in the accident.
Thousands of animals, many of them endangered, are part of the count which is required by law
Donald Trump is currently the frontrunner, in some opinion polls, for the Republican nomination but he has been roundly criticised for comments he made about Muslims in the wake of December's fatal San Bernardino shootings.
North Korea has announced that it has carried out an H-bomb test. Although there is some scepticism surrounding the claim, the international community has condemned the action.The news has also prompted reaction, particularly on social media.Since the news broke 'North Korea' has been mentioned 211,000 times on Twitter and has been among the top trending topics worldwide.So what can be done to prevent North Korea's move escalate to an international crisis? Here are some of your ideas.@martinedobor tweets there should be greater agreement on weapons:North Korea needs to be accountable for its actions like any country. If you
Nigeria's former defence minister, Haliru Mohammed, has been charged with fraud, money laundering and criminal breach of trust. He is accused along with his son, Bello Abba Mohammed, of diverting $1.5m that was meant to buy arms for soldiers fighting Islamist Boko Haram militants.
The bodies of more than 30 migrants were washed up in Turkey. Their boats capsized in bad weather on the way to the Greek island of Lesbos, the authorities say.Turkish media published harrowing images of the corpses, many still wearing life jackets that had apparently been of no use.Migrants are continuing to arrive on the Greek islands every day, despite the wintry weather.
Gender is a spectrum, says Dr Imran Mushtaq, a paediatric urologist at Great Ormond Street Hospital in London. It's a very binary view of it.
French President Francois Hollande's proposal to strip of their French nationality convicted terrorists who are "bi-nationals", in other words who have a second nationality, has sparked a bitter row within his ruling Socialist Party. French President François Hollande's plan to strip French citizens of their nationality from convicted terrorists convicted of acts against France is causing a deep rift within his party, with many on the left saying he has veered dangerously to the right in his reaction to the Paris atrocities. French president Francois Hollande has proposed stripping of French citizenship from convicted jihadists convicted of crimes against France who have acquired a second French nationality through residence or marriage.
UK house prices rose by 4.5% in 2015, according to the Halifax.
Hashim Amla resigns as South Africa captain after double century in Cape Town Test. South Africa batsman Hashim amla has resigned as captain after making a double century to inspire his side's fightback against England in the second Test at Newlands.
Growing Up in the City is at the Museum of Liverpool until 25 September
The price of Brent crude fell to $27.67 a barrel at one point, its lowest since 2003, while US crude fell as low as $28.36.Many analysts have slashed their 2016 oil price forecasts, with Morgan Stanley analysts saying that "oil in the $20s is possible", if China devalues its currency further.Economists at the Royal Bank of Scotland say that oil could fall to.
West Berkshire Council is setting up an emotional health academy to train psychology graduates and health professionals.
Farmers will be able to maintain their own ditches up to 1.5km in length from April.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of causing an explosion with intent to endanger life.
Netflix has added support for Korean, Chinese and Arabic to its list of supported languages. It also confirmed that Netflix would begin offering HDR (high dynamic range) content later this year.
Volkswagen has reached an agreement with European regulators to fix 8.5 million cars affected there.
Wales full-back Matthew Morgan says he will leave Bristol at the end of the season.
West Australian fire authorities said it is too late for some residents in Waroona area who have not yet evacuated to leave. They said the "out-of-control and unpredictable" blaze was burning along the South Western Highway.
Sandra Bland was arrested during a heated traffic stop captured on film.Video footage showed the police officer drawing his stun gun and threatening Ms Bland with the words: "I will light you up!"After the argument moved off-camera, she was heard screaming that he was about to break her wrists and she complained that her head knocked against the ground.
West Indies v Australia: A draw was inevitable after only 86.2 overs were possible on the first four days after heavy rain in Sydney.
David Ackerman is a British Thoroughbred racehorse trainer who has been banned from the sport after being found guilty of corruption.Ackerman was banned after an investigation into six races featuring Ad Vitam at Kempton and Wolverhampton between 2 November 2011 and 8 March 2012.
One part of the country badly hit was Lancashire, where water sports fans found that it was even deep enough to jet-ski and canoe close to a bus stopThe video has gone viral, with more than 1,300 shares and 114,000 views on social media
A clash with the Muslim month of fasting may also cause concern in some schools wanting their pupils to do their best
An 82-year-old woman has been found dead in her home in Leven, Scotland, after she was attacked in her own home in the early hours of the new year.Marie Logie's body was found in her first-floor flat in Green Gates, Leven, at 20:00 on Tuesday.She had sustained head injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene by the Scottish Ambulance Service.Her family paid tribute to the "beloved mother, grandmother and friend".They said Mrs Logie would be sadly missed, adding that she was "born, bred and lived in the Leven
The loggerhead turtle was affected by the cold, had shell damage and had signs of an infection.
IC24's interim chief executive said the organisation was still struggling to fill shifts.
Colchester MP John Quince said the Mercury theatre in Colchester is the only example of a regency playhouse in the country. He argued that you can only have a vibrant West End if you've got a strong regional base developing the talent and he sees no reason why so much more arts funding goes into London per head of population than it does to the regions. The Mercury theatre is 87% self-funded and, as it reaches out, it is very hard to put a price on its social value. Does my honourable friend agree that a price cannot be put on that?
Samsung products have been hit by weak demand in China and currency woes.
India's greatest leader had moved to a village called Segaon two years earlier. He built an ashram, a commune which was home to "many a fateful decision which affected the destiny of India". Gandhi had moved in with his wife, Kasturba,.
Sian Blake, 43, and her sons Zachary and Amon, four, were found at the family home in Erith, south-east London, on Tuesday. The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has launched an investigation into how police responded to concerns about Ms Blake's welfare.
The FTSE 100 was up 55.4 points, or 0.93%, at 6,009.4. The Shanghai Composite closed 2% higher on Friday, but still ended the week down by about 10%.
Zhou Chengjian has been named as the country's 62nd richest person by wealth publisher Hurun, attributing a fortune of $4.1 bn to him.
Brighton & Hove Albion news: Chris Hughton signs for Northampton Town. Brighton midfielder Will Hughes signs for Championship strugglers Northampton in a deal until the end of the season.
The chief adjudicator of school admissions, Elizabeth Passmore, has said admissions are too often "unnecessarily complex", "unfair" or unclear.The government said it would review the findings and take action where needed.
David Cameron has pledged to hold the referendum before the end of 2017. The timing of the referendum hinges on when other EU leaders agree to his proposed changes to the UK's relationship with the EU, a decision which is largely out of the prime minister's hands.
Government limits to teachers' pay and "real terms cuts" to school budgets risk undermining standards, they warn.Teachers need a pay rise," they urge, in a joint statement to the School Teachers' Review Body (STRB), which sets their pay.
A woman who raped a teenager while two others were asleep in a garage has been remanded in custody.The girl, aged 15 at the time, had met a man called David Ayrton in a Portsmouth garage in the autumn of 2004.Ayrton, who has learning difficulties, attempted to commit suicide last summer.Protocols have been put in place for her detention at the prison, a court officer explained.The court heard that in 2014 a worker at the care home where she lived in Fordingbridge, Hampshire, about the attack.She had "only drunk a can and a half of Foster's" and
Manchester City Women lead the WSL 1 table ahead of defending champions Chelsea Ladies.
SwanseaCurtis has served the Swans as a community officer, youth coach, first team coach, assistant manager, caretaker manager (twice), match day host and head of youth development.Oh.... and he has been a player - appearing in more than 400 games in three separate spells - and is now the interim manager.I've been sold twice, sacked twice and given a free transfer as well," he joked.Such is the admiration Swansea fans have for Curtis, even a spell at arch rivals Cardiff City has not affected his legendary status at The Liberty.Having spent a lifetime in the game, it is easy to make
Nashat Melhem was tracked down to a mosque in his home town of Arara and killed in a gun battle, police said.
Sinn Féin MLA Phil Flanagan has admitted that his tweet about Tom Elliott was untrue and wholly without foundation.Mr Justice Stevens has reserved judgement on the amount of compensation.
Leonardo DiCaprio wins best actor in a drama, while Alejandro G Inarritu wins best director for The Revenant.
West Ham 2-0 Newcastle: Jonjo Shelvey and Ayoze Perez help Magpies to first win in six league gamesJonjo is a very, very good player with real potential and it will suit him playing in this team, a team of footballers.It's not about me. It is about the team. We are out of the relegation zone and it's onwards and upwards from here."I'm very shocked this team is in and around the relegation places. Normally it is hard coming into a new team and slotting straight in, but credit to the players and staff here.I've enjoyed
Ross Davidson got the last touch on a free-kick into the area.
"He gave me £20-£50 through the Xbox and I drew it on Liam's account. I knew he gave another boy £200."
France's leading Muslim body, the French Council of the Muslim Faith (CFCM), seeks to distance mainstream Islam from recent jihadist attacks.
Firefighters tackled the blaze throughout the night at the former White Hart Pub on Newbridge Road, Pontllanfraith
Milos Raonic beats Roger Federer to win the Brisbane International tennis tournament in Brisbane, Australia.The 25-year-old Canadian lost to 17-time Grand Slam champion Federer in three sets in last year's final.
Junior doctors' strike: What you need to knowJunior doctors' leaders are objecting to the prospect of a new contract.The BMA said the strikes "demonstrated the strength of feeling amongst the profession".It announced three spells of strike action in England in November.
Golf: Luke Donald says he is feeling confident that he can return to the top 50 in the world and qualify for a 12th consecutive Masters at Augusta in April.
World Cup downhill: Lindsey Vonn wins super-G in Zauchensee. World Cup slalom champion Lindsey Vonnell wins the downhill in Altenmarkt Zauchesee, equalling Annemarie Moser-Proll's record tally of 36 World Cup wins.
BDO World Darts Championship final: Mark Waites beats Jeff Smith 7-1 to win the BDO title. BDO world darts champion Mark Waite says it was "really tough" to come back from an injury after six weeks without throwing a dart.
The Ministry of Justice said it was acting on the report's recommendations.
David Bowie died peacefully today surrounded by his family after a courageous 18-month battle with cancer.
England's Big Picture: How to submit a picture. If you have a picture you would like to share, please see below the images for details on how to submit yours.
Donald "Chip" Pugh texted police a photo of himself and wrote: "Here is a better photo that one is terrible".
Fleetwood Town midfielder Danny Davis has agreed to extend his stay until the end of the season.
Police have closed a reinvestigation into the death of a man who was killed for working as a police informant. "It is also completely unacceptable that a grieving family were treated with such insensitivity."
McDonald's accused of forcing franchisees to pay excessive rents. A formal complaint has been made to the European Commission by a group of Italian consumers' organisations.
Glasgow Queen Street Station tunnel closure. The closure is part of a £60m upgrade project that will allow faster trains to use the station.
The UK government's Scottish Secretary, David Mundell, is expected to hold talks soon with the Scottish government's energy minister, Fergus Ewing, over the announcement.The job losses amount to about a fifth of BP's North Sea workforce.
Britannia Royal Yacht is the best attraction in Scotland for 10 years in a row. Britannia, the Queen's former yacht in Edinburgh, has been named the best tourist attraction in the country for 10 consecutive years.
The Somerset mill, owned by Dublin-based C&C Group whose brands include Gaymers and Blackthorn, is expected to close in late summer, the union added.The closure of the Shepton Mallet cider mill in Somerset will result in the loss of 127 jobs, with production and packaging to move to Clonmel, Ireland.
Star Wars collection of photographs in his free time.
A rescue boat has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos to help with the rescue of people from Syria and other countries.The boat will be used to try to ensure the safe landing of boats from Turkey.It is now being used by a group called the Lifeguard Hellas Training Centre.Its design is the same as the original rigid hull inflatable boat (RIB) made in the early 1960s by students from the college and which has become the model for RNLI inshore boats across Britain - known as the Atlantic class.
Arriva Trains Wales' failure to offer a satisfactory resolution to the long and ongoing dispute with its drivers.
A gang of four men have been jailed for more than 35 thefts across Lincolnshire, Leicestershire, Nottingham and Yorkshire over 11 months in 2013.Lincoln Crown Court heard how the gang targeted three major rail improvement projects being delivered by Network Rail, and stole signalling cable.They then stripped the cabling and sold the copper inside.The men targeted sites where Network Rail were carrying out work to upgrade signalling.Gordon Aspden, prosecuting, said "It was organised, well-planned and professional thieving.
A woman has told the High Court in Edinburgh that she was raped by a man who was running behind her as she was walking home from a night out in the Meadows.She said she passed out after being choked and woke to find a man lying on top of her.He grabbed my neck again so I couldn't speak or breathe and that's when I started to fight against him."It was a struggle for life. There was this moment that I started shaking myself to get some air."The woman also told the court the alleged attack had continued consequences on her life."I still get scared when I hear somebody running behind
Habtom Zerhom was first shot by a security guard at a bus station in Beersheba and then kicked and beaten by a crowd as he lay in a pool of blood A post-mortem examination found he died of bullet wounds - not the beating.
The CPS Inspectorate's report said the CPS was slow to contact victims in almost half of the cases it examined and sent letters that "lacked empathy".In a majority of cases there was also no evidence that victims' views were taken into account on key decisions.
Sale's Vladimobilas joins Ian Madigan in moving to Bordeaux for next season
Belfast to Dublin route from the end of February.Translink said that the suspension has been lifted after an investigation of the door mechanisms.We would strongly reassure our passengers and the wider public that there was no imminent danger for our customers travelling on board as a result of these two unrelated door faults Ian Campbell, general manager of engineering
Reyaad Khan, 21, died in an RAF drone strike targeting Islamic State militants in Syria last August.
Edinburgh city council's transport and environment committee agreed on Tuesday a traffic regulation order enabling the charges.It is now planned to introduce the 20mph network over six phases.Phase one of the Â£2.2m project covers much of the city centre, from Queen Street to the MeadowsLesley Hinds, Edinburgh cityCouncil's transport convener, said: "The aim was to create safer, more attractive streets for all road users."The scheme is designed to improve safety and encourage more people to walk or cycle.
Iran has for years been building a heavy-water nuclear facility at Arak, the spent fuel from which would contain plutonium suitable for a nuclear bomb.The P5+1 group of world powers - the US, UK, France, China and Russia plus Germany - had originally wanted Arak dismantled because of the proliferation risk.But they eventually agreed that Iran could redesign the reactor so it would not produce any weapons-grade plutonium.On Monday, the semi-official Fars news agency cited unnamed sources as saying the reactor had been decommissionedIt would represent a final step towards the implementation of July's nuclear deal between Iran and world
Kylo Gorman's medals for service in Afghanistan and at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee were taken from his car in Bolton-le-Sands on 4 or 5 January
LVMH, which owns luxury brands from Christian Dior clothing to Dom Perignon champagne, has had its Chinese business undermined by bulk sales ferried into the country by so-called "daigou" agents.The daigou agents, many of them students making extra cash to finance their overseas studies, buy up luxury products in bulk in Europe and Hong Kong and sell them on at home. It is sometimes known as parallel trading.The problem is that selling as much as you can to anyone and everyone can have unintended consequences.Some customers can turn into your competitors.But should a business be picky about whom
Air pollution is blamed for about 2,000 premature deaths in Scotland each year.The warning has come from environmental law organisation ClientEarth.It has already won a landmark ruling against the UK government at the Supreme Court in London.In April last year, the court ruled ministers must draw up plans to deal with air pollution as quickly as possible.The group has now warned the Scottish government could also find itself facing legal action over its record on air pollution.
GMTA special ship will drill more than 5000 metres down through the ocean floor to reach the super hot rocks of the planet's crust.
Sir Richard Leese is a senior figure in the drive to unite the north of England as an economic force.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tom Shantry has signed a new deal with the club.
Cancer cells can be identified quicker, speeding up diagnosis times.The computer algorithms can then identify the target cells in a population of previously unseen cells.
Venezuela's opposition has agreed to leave the National Assembly after the country's Supreme Court declared all the actions of the opposition-controlled legislature null and void.The three legislators - Julio Haron Ygarza, Nirma Guarulla and Romel Guzamana - agreed to step down after the Supreme Court ruled that they had violated the constitution.The opposition claimed the the ruling was designed to strip it of the crucial two-thirds majority.With the four banned legislators, the opposition gets the 112 seats it needs to reach the so-called "super-majority".The four politicians are all from the rural and
Edward Hardy, who has dementia and lives in a care home in Wookey, Somerset, played for decades but had not touched the keyboard for nearly 25 years.
Lawrence Phillips, who was serving a term of more than 30 years, had been placed in a cell alone
West Hammers striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.Carroll had scored two goals in West Ham's past four games after returning to action in September 2015, following seven months out for knee surgery."He's a positive lad, but of course he is gutted for several reasons," said Hammers boss Slaven Bilic."He felt he was back and enjoying his football."It's not the end of the world, though.
Australian Open: Jamie Evans beats Bjorn Fratangelo in qualifying. Jamie Evans is the last Briton in qualifying for the Australian Open after James Ward and Naomi Broady were both beaten.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet is set to sign a new five-year contract with the club. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says goalkeeper Simon "Simon" Mignohlet needs help from all the players to keep his side in the Premier League.
Thirty-six whales were rescued and pushed back into the sea at Tuticorin on Tuesday, but 28 of them floated back to the shore and died on Wednesday.
Lord Coe to lead IAAF after doping scandal report. Lord Sebastian Coe will lead the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) after a damning report from the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) says he is the best man to lead the organisation. Lord Seb Coe has been named as the new head of the IAAF following the publication of a damning anti-doping report that says he was complicit in a cover-up of a doping scandal.The IAAF was already reeling from a number of damaging revelations and was strongly criticised for its failure to tackle doping.Coe, 59
The Bank of England has decided to hold its interest rate at 0.5% for the first time in nearly a decade.The decision to hold the Bank rate comes shortly after weak industrial output figures were released and estimates suggested UK economic growth had slowed.
Three Giants' forwards Jonathan Boxill, Craig Peacock and Colin Shields make the 22-man squad.
She will focus her work on increasing grassroots participation and getting further success for England's elite women's teams.
Sian Grigg, from Cardiff, has been nominated for an Academy Award for her work with Leonardo DiCaprio on The Revenant.
Barratt Developments in Scotland has announced new sites for new homes in Scotland. The company said its building programme reflected a continued recovery in Scotland's economy and the health of the new-build housing market.
#KamiTidakTakut has emerged in the aftermath of Thursday's attacks.
Jose Riga replaces compatriot Karel Fraeye, who was sacked from his post as interim head coach on WednesdayCharlton are currently 23rd in the Championship table, three points from safety, and are on a run of 10 games without a win in all competitionsFraeye was appointed in late October following the departure of Guy Luzon, but only won two of his 14 matches
A Russian prison official has been arrested on charges of misappropriating state property while using his official position.
The 2016 Women's Cricket Super League will be the inaugural season of the Women's Super League, a women's Twenty20 cricket tournament organised by England & Wales Cricket Board (ECB) for England and Wales.
The leak happened at the Worthy Farm site in Somerset in June 2014 and damaged water quality and killed fish.
A series of groups spoke out after Europe's top court ruled a Romanian man whose employer read his messages had not had his rights violated.He broke company policy by using a work account to talk to his family.The case in the European Court of Human Rights did not introduce any new rules, but acted as a stress test for those that already allowed similar surveillance by employers in some circumstances.In response, bodies representing directors and workers, as well as privacy and human resources groups, all issued similar warnings to bosses.
Trams returned to the streets of Birmingham in December with the opening of the Midland Metro service - the first part of a £128m project. Trams ran in Birmingham between 1904 and 1953 before being replaced by buses.
Storm Alex is one of the earliest tropical systems to form in the Atlantic Hurricane Basin since records began.
Ms Tsai is Taiwan's first female leader but unlike other Asian women who rose to the top, she didn't come from a political family.She is not just a mystery to China. Many Taiwanese see her as a quiet enigmatic force, difficult to predict.She has described herself as someone who likes to walk next to walls to avoid the spotlight and characterised her rapid ascendency in politics as an "accidental life".But even those who know her are unclear about her stance on Taiwan's independence."She's not anti-China, not deep-green (the colour of the pro-independence DPP), and
He described walking in Space as "absolutely fantastic" and he was "giddy with excitement."
Cardiff have been placed under a transfer embargo by the Football League following a breach of Financial Fair Play rulesCardiff manager Neil Slade has insisted he is still the man to lead the club but Dalman says his position is under scrutiny"He knows the pressures; he's done this job before," Dalman said."Russell knows the score. I talk to him on a regular basis and he knows what's ahead."He has been here for a while with us and of course his position comes under scrutiny, it always has been.To say it never has been would not be true."The jury's out on every single one of us
Simi's plight was described as a "bureaucratic log jam" by MP Andrew Turner at Prime Minister's Questions
Pressure is mounting on the UK's big six energy suppliers to cut their prices in line with falling costs.Figures published on Thursday showed the cost of energy on the wholesale market tumbled to Â36.76 per megawatt hour on the Power Index, compiled by market information provider ICIS.
Peebles Hydro looking to recruit for Blue Monday job. PEEbles Hydro is looking for someone who gets a kick out of bringing a smile to the faces of people of all ages.
Tad Tadcaster County Council said it hoped the bridge would be in place "within weeks".
A tunnel is the government's preferred option at Stonehenge but some archaeologists argue it could damage the ancient site.
Kezia Dugdale has accused the Scottish government of making cuts to schools and social care.
Matthew may tape something" for the tribute to the show's creator James BurrowsFriends ended in 2004 after 10 seriesAs well as Friends, Burrows worked behind the camera on sitcoms including Cheers and FrasierPerry has written and will star in the play The End of Longing... which is set to run in London's West End from 2 February until 14 MayIt will be directed by Lindsay PosnerThe dark comedy follows four disparate people approaching middle age, who meet in a bar one nightIt marks Perry's first return to the West End since 2003, when he starred in David Mamet's Sexual Perversity
Bristol Rovers loanee Lucas has scored three goals in 10 appearances for Wood.
Manchester City loanee James Dixon could make his debut for the Minstermen in Saturday's match against Newport.
Archbishop Justin Welby says he is in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic leader Pope Tawadros, and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew. The Archbishop of Canterbury has announced that Easter will be celebrated on the first Sunday after the first ecclesiastical full moon following the spring equinox.
The Northern Ireland Courts and Tribunals Service has launched a review of the legacy inquests into killings by police officers and soldiers in the Troubles.The review will assess the state of readiness of the cases, which are more than 40 years old.The cases focusing on nine deaths linked to the Royal Ulster Constabulary's (RUC) alleged "shoot to kill" policy in the 1980s were also assessed.A barrister for families of two INLA members shot dead by the RUC in 1982 - Seamus Grew and Roddy Carroll - criticised police after they said disclosure could not be completed ahead of a proposed September
The first Gulf War brought together the largest military alliance since the World War Two - more than 30 allies, including Britain, which fielded a force of more than 50,000, the US, Saudi Arabia and Egypt.And it was a conventional fight far simpler than the murky insurgencies, asymmetric and hybrid warfare that would follow.It was the first time we really heard of "smart bombs" and precision guided munitions.The world watched as America unleashed wave after wave of Tomahawk cruise missiles.Iraq's arsenal may have been less sophisticated, but, with its Scud missiles and potential use of chemical weapons, it
Jimmy Ryan's 25-yard effort almost won the game for the hosts but the ball struck the crossbar.
Hibs 3-1 St Mirren. Hibs move two points clear of Falkirk at the top of the Easter Road table with a win over their former club. Liam Henderson opens the scoring with a terrific free-kick before John McGinn adds a third for Hibs.
PGA Tour: Brandt Snedeker and Kevin Kisner share the lead at Kapalua. The PGA of America's Tournament of Champions is in full swing on day two of the second round of the PGA Championship.
Two boys have been arrested in connection with the death of a 16-year-old boy who was stabbed to death at a party in Devon.A post-mortem examination found he died from a stab wound to the chest.
Dundee United's Ryan Erskine agrees pre-contract deal with Partick Thistle. Midlothian midfielder Ryan Bannigan is out of contract at the end of the season and is set to join Scottish Premiership rivals Dundee Thistle on a three-year deal in June.
South Africa v England: Stuart Broad's 5-1 in 31 balls is the seventh time he has taken five wickets in a single spell of bowling. Stuart Broad took 5-31 in 31 deliveries to bowl England to victory in the third Test against South Africa at Lord's. South Africa were in a position of strength on the third day of the third and final Test against England, but Stuart Broad was the catalyst for England to win the game. South African captain Faf du Plessis and his team-mates had a chance to turn the game around in the final session, but they failed to do so.
Prof Patrick Johnston, head of Queen's, told the BBC's Inside Business programme a rise in tuition fees, or a return to public funding
Ross Kemp, who last played Grant Mitchell in 2006, said it would be "a brief return"."When I was approached about returning to EastEnders for Barbara's final episodes, it was something I could not turn down," he said.
Caitlin Ruddy died in hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest.
A man in his 20s from Wisbech has been arrested in connection with the incident.
Birmingham Villa fans arrested on suspicion of violent disorder or affray. Birmingham Villa supporters and Leicester fans were arrested after a fight in Price Street, Birmingham.
Guptill hits four sixes in his 87 from 58 balls, while Williamson takes only 48 deliveries for his 72.
The Naseby Battlefield Visitor Centre will be at the site of the decisive battle of the English Civil War.
Scarlets lose record European Champions Cup hammering to Racing. Scarlets fly-half Rhys Owens says Racing are the best team in Europe and will be hard to beat in the Champions Cup.
Ronnie O'Sullivan takes up smoking again, just because of Masters. Ronnie O Sullivan says he has taken up smoking to stay fit after winning the Masters final at the Crucible.O'Sullivan, the five-time world champion, jointly holds the record for most Masters wins with Stephen Hendry. The world number six, who beat Barry Hawkins 10-1 in Sunday's final, said: "I’ve been getting lazy. I ve been eating like a pig and haven run for two weeks."I have been getting fat.
The eggs command a high price from farms which produce meat, leather and other goods, so there are plenty of people willing to take on the risky job.But whether this derring-do should be legal or not has become a hot topic in the state of Queensland, where the government is reviewing its crocodile management plan.Proponents say legalisation in the neighbouring Northern Territory brought substantial economic benefits, particularly to indigenous communities, without affecting crocodile numbers.Critics, though, say it is not right to take the eggs, as most are already lost to inundation or predation.The estuarine crocodile is protected
South Africa v England: Stephen Cook named at top of order. Stephen Cook has been named at the top of South Africa's squad for the first Test against England in Cape Town.
MinecraftEdu will allow teachers to log in to the game using an Office 365 ID.The new features were welcomed by Leigh Wolmarans, the head teacher of Lings Primary School in Northampton.However, he said other teachers should be aware the software had its limitations.
Calais migrant camp cleared. French and British officials want to reduce the number of migrants in Calais.
Clandon Park, near Guildford, Surrey, was destroyed in a fire last week. The 8th Earl of Onslow, whose family rebuilt the house in the 1720s, has said it should remain a ruin.The National Trust said it was confident a number of rooms on the ground floor, including the Marble Hall, Speakers' Parlour and Saloon, could be restored.
Bitcoin is a crypto-currency - a system of digitally created and traded tokens to which value is assigned.It has been classed as the best performing currency in the world in 2015.However, there are some who feel that Bitcoin's potential as a currency has already been exhausted."I'm sure there are smart people right now working out what the next generation [of Bitcoin] should look like but I have to say I'm not convinced that money or payments is the optimum [use] of the technology," Dave Birch, a director at consultancy firm Consult Hyperion, told the BBC.Part of the problem was the lack
Stephen Hawking warns that a disaster on Earth could cause the end of the human race in the next thousand or ten thousand years. Stephen Hawking, a prominent figure in science, has warned of the potential risks of a disaster to planet Earth in a given year, and says that further progress in science and technology will create "new ways things can go wrong".Stephen Hawking, who suffers from a form of motor neurone disease, says he is concerned about a number of new threats to the survival of humanity, including nuclear war, global warming and genetically-engineered viruses.
Pakistan lifts ban on YouTube. Pakistan's telecoms regulator has lifted a ban on access to YouTube after the US-made film Innocence of Muslims was uploaded.
Devon and Cornwall Police Chief Constable Shaun Sawyer told PCC Tony Hogg in a 2014 letter that moving his office to the force headquarters "sends the wrong signal" financially.He added it could threaten Mr Hogg's impartiality in overseeing the police.He said he would remain impartial and the cost would be repaid in four to five years.Mr Hogg is expected to decide on whether to go ahead with the move later this year.Andrew White, chief executive of the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, said in a statement: "The building doesn't decide if the commissioner is impartial or not."I think
Ben Frost, 27, barricaded himself into his girlfriend's flat in Princetown on Dartmoor.
Jonathon Robert Thomas, 34, who died following an incident on Princess Way in November.
China's growth, seen as a driver of the global economy, is a major concern for investors around the world.The news comes as the International Monetary Fund said it expected China's economy to grow by 6.3% this year and 6% in 2017.Beijing had set an official growth target of "about 7%".Chinese Premier Li Keqiang has said weaker growth would be acceptable as long as enough new jobs were created.But some observers say its growth is actually much weaker than official data suggests, though Beijing denies numbers are being inflated.Analysts said any growth below 6.8% would likely fuel calls
The IT manager and father-of-three, who is an advanced diver and open water instructor with BSAC, said his "utter nightmare" was now over.The charges were dropped following a visit to the island's attorney-general by officials from the British Sub Aqua Club (BSAC)Mr Martin said: "I was absolutely elated, but it is a bittersweet success really because at the end of it two of my very, very good friends died."I feel I can finally start grieving for Larissa and Nigel.
Asda could have put millions of online orders at risk, security expert Paul Moore estimates. Asda's website could have been vulnerable to a security flaw that could have allowed hackers access to all the information users put on the site, a security expert has warned. A security flaw could have exposed millions of customers to a risk of having their shopping information exposed on the Asda website, according to a new report.The flaw, which is known as cross-site scripting (XSS), can allow an attacker to inject malicious content into the page to alter anything and everything the user can see.Mr Moore, from the University
Israeli high school students travel to World War Two death camps every year.
Uefa president Gianni Infantino says the World Cup should be held not only in one or two countries but in a whole region.
Col Colchester Hospital was rated as inadequate after a recent Care Quality Commission (CQC) inspection.
They are excited to come to Ghana because of Asamoah Gyan, the captain of the Black Star - they know him and they like him very much.They have suffered but are not looking for revenge. They want to live in Ghana quietly and peacefully, and put their lives together.A lot of the detainees like Ghanaians very much, and during the 2010 World Cup, most of the people there in Guantanamo Bay - no, not most of them, all of them - were with Ghana and when the Black Stars beat America, they were very happy.
Mosul Dam in danger of collapse as Iraqi government struggles to repair it. The Iraqi government has been struggling for more than two years to strike a deal with an international company to undertake the much-needed repair works. The dam is today in danger because of the erosion at the natural gypsum base under the water and serious erosion at its flow gates. It could happen next month, next year or in five years' time. We actually don't know when.
North Korea's state newspaper says it has developed a new liquor that causes no hangover.The "suave" liquor will spare you wincing when you wake, despite boasting 30%-40% alcohol.The brew is reportedly made from a type of indigenous ginseng called.
Sale Sale are in talks with four or five international players to join them, according to head coach Phil Diamond.
Bath and North East Somerset (Banes) Council
The Colombian government and the Farc have said they hope to reach a final peace deal by March 2016. The Farc and the Colombian government have been holding peace talks for three years.
Ramzan Kadyrov, leader of the southern Russian republic, labelled opponents of President Vladimir Putin "enemies of the people" and called for such "traitors" to be prosecuted for subversion, claiming they were working in league with the West.
Donald Trump and former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin appear to be locked in an unlikely alliance in the race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, with the former Alaska governor and former vice-presidential candidate endorsing Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz on Tuesday. Donald Trump is the only Republican in recent history to demonstrate the kind of star power that has elevated him to the top of the Republican presidential race, and his supporters love him for it.But how valuable is Ms Palin's support for Trump?Donald Trump and Sarah Palin are the only two Republican presidential candidates in recent memory to endorse each other in the same presidential race.The two even have
Dual citizens fight new US visa rules. A British woman says she was told by US authorities she could not travel under a visa waiver scheme.
Scotland's Jamie Fleming says he has never been approached to take money or anything to fix a match or lose a match. "I think if anyone is found to be doing it, that should be them."
Jobless rate hits 5.1% in three months to November. The jobless rate has hit its lowest since the three months of 2005, according to the Office for National Statistics.
The Northern Ireland Executive has set up a £15-20m fund to try to find an answer and soon it will be spending some of that cash.It will be lent to companies who will use it to part fund at least two "demonstrator" plants to test new technology.They would be expected to deal with at least 20,000 tonnes of waste a year.Six applications have been assessed by the business development agency, Invest NI.Stormont's Agriculture Minister Michelle O'Neill said at Christmas that schemes based on anaerobic digestion (AD) were furthest advanced in the selection process.Anaer
IS militants have blown up an ancient Assyrian monastery in northern Iraq, according to satellite images released by the group.St Elijah's Monastery, or Deir Mar Elia, was believed to have been constructed by Assyrian monks in the late 6th Century. It was later claimed by a Chaldean Catholic order.In 1743, its monks were given an ultimatum by Persian forces to convert to Islam. They refused and as many as 150 were massacred.Had it not been for these satellite images, we would probably not have learnt about the monastery's destruction. This is because journalists and archaeologists cannot
Michael Luciw, 27, from Nottingham, was a passenger in a van that was hit by a Mazda Premacy, being driven the wrong way on the motorway by Albert Kenneth Newman, who also died.Mr Newman's car was heading north on the southbound carriageway.Mr Harrington, who was driving the Ford Transit, said he had not seen Mr Newman s car until the last second."I managed to swerve slightly towards the crash barrier but there was nothing I could do," he said. "You couldn't even blink that fast."It lives with me. I still get sleepless nights.
The Himalayan forest thrush is only the fourth species of bird discovered in India since independence in 1947Scientists have discovered a new species of thrush in the Himalayan foothills of India's Arunachal Pradesh state.The new species, called Zoothera salimalii, has been named after the late Indian ornithologist Dr Salim Ali, who was one of the first to discover the song differences between the two species.The researchers found that the alpine thrush has longer legs and a longer tail, proportionately, than the forest bird, which I'm sure are adaptations to its habitat.
India collapsed from 277-1 to 323 all out as Australia pace bowler Kane Richardson took 5-68.
The official maximum depth on the current chart for Loch Ness is 754ft (229.8m).
Shortlist for this year's St David Awards announced.
Conor O'Shea will leave Harlequins at the end of the season, the club has confirmed.
Police in the Newtownabbey, Carrickfergus and Antrim areas of County Antrim
Austria has become a major transit country for migrants seeking to claim asylum in Germany.More than one million refugees and other migrants entered the EU clandestinely last year, mainly by sea,
Hobart Hurricanes face Sydney Sixers in the final of the Women's Big Bash League. Perth Thunder lose to Sydney Sixers on Friday for a place in Sunday's final.
Leicester City FC has apologised and launched an investigation.Live updates and more from LeicestershireJoe Walker, a Foxes fan, said he arrived at the ground at about 19:25 GMT and saw "thousands of people attempting to gain access".He said after 20 minutes in the queue his "print at home" ticket was rejected at the turnstile and he was told to go to the ticket office to get a new one."We then walked towards the sub ticket office and as I questioned another steward he just laughed and said: 'You should see the queues for it'."Mr Walker eventually had a ticket printed at
Southampton Under-21s: Connor McQueen
Toulon president Mourad Boudjellal emailed Premiership bosses proposing the move from the Top 14, which a spokesman said they would consider.
Bristol Airport bomb hoaxer sentenced. A man has been sentenced to six months in prison for making bomb threats to Bristol Airport. Police say he intended to cause disruption to staff and passengers at Bristol Airport.
Brandon Comley, 20, has played twice for the R's first-team
Lady Black Cats sign two-year deals with Carlton Fairweather's WSL 1 side.
Camden Glass has started a 30-day consultation with staff on the closure of its factory in Benburb.
Firefighters were called to a property in Grove Lane on the outskirts of Elmswell, near Bury St Edmunds.
Brantano is one of the first sizeable retailers to fall into difficulty this year.
Wayan Mirna Solihin, 27, met with two friends in a Jakarta cafe on January 6.
Watch the clip to see the baby otters...
The Home Office could not spell language in a note to migrants who have been told to learn English.
Burnley striker Sam Vokes signs new deal until the end of the 2018-19 season. Burnley forward Sam Vases has signed a new contract with Premier League club Burnley, keeping him at the club until the summer of 2019.
The first will be built on the site of the former Custom House Lane School in Connah's Quay.
Dylan Hartley is expected to be named England skipper by new head coach Eddie Jones on Monday.Hartley has been banned for over a year in total during his career.But Rugby Football Union chief executive Ritchie said he had "paid the penalty", adding "I don't think it precludes him [from being captain]".Speaking to BBC Radio 5 live, Ritchie added: "It is primarily a matter for the head coach, and I'm not going to hinder that in any way."It's a matter of balance and perspective, and Dylan I'm sure brings many positives as well to the set-up."
Northern Ireland's First Minister Arlene Foster has said she would like more clarity about Westminster's financial subvention in the event of the UK leaving the EU and the consequent loss of peace and cross-border cash.The DUP's deputy leader Nigel Dodds has said the UK could survive quite well outside the EU.Both he and Mrs Foster are sticking to the official DUP line that they will not make their minds up definitively until Prime Minister David Cameron has completed his negotiations for EU reform.But given Mr Wilson's belief that Mr Cameron's renegotiation is doomed to fail, and the DUP MEP Diane Dodds' previous criticism of
Chesterfield transfer news: Ivory Coast Under-20 international Adama Dieng leaves the O's.
The British squad for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, has been announced.The World Championships take place on 12-21 February.
Arsenal 2-1 Burnley: Gunners 2-2. Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez celebrates after scoring his side's second goal in the FA Cup third round tie against Burnley at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal captain Alexis Sanchez scores the opening goal to give his side a 1-1 draw with Burnley in their FA Cup fourth round tie.Media playback is not supported on this device Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger: "It was a closer-run affair this year, and we had some good chances. For the first 20 minutes we looked quite in control.
Birmingham City's Mark Cooper registered with the National League in time for Braintree Town clash.
Demonstrations were held in various parts of the country including Dublin, Cork and Galway.
Frank Field said Mr Corbyn was in touch on "economic injustices" but warned of an electoral "walloping" over security and migration
Exeter 26-17 Ospreys: Alun Wyn Jones admits team 'failed' to qualify for Six Nations. Exeter boss Gruff de la Roche says his side were "devastated" after they failed to progress from Pool Two of the Pro12. Osprey's Alun Jones admits his team were "frightened" after failing to progress in the final round of the Aviva Premiership.Ospreys captain Alun Rees says they felt there was "no drama" trailing 14-7 at half-time against Exeter.Exeter head coach Gruff De La Roche says
Stoke defender Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out of Stoke's Capital One Cup semi-final with Liverpool.
Steve Sidwell: Brighton sign Stoke midfielder. Brighton have signed Stoke midfielder Steven Sidwell in the January transfer window, the Premier League club have announced.
A 28-year-old man from Brighton was taken to hospital in a critical condition after being found in North Street
Kent County Council said the continuing flow of unaccompanied asylum-seeking children (UASC) from across the English Channel had left it with no choice.
Sheffield Wednesday 1, Burnley 1: Vokes equalises in the second half. Sam Vokes scores the equaliser for Burnley to earn a point against Sheffield Wednesday at Turf Moor as the Clarets earn a 1-1 draw with the Owls. Sheffield Wednesday equalise in the first half with a goal from Glenn Loovens, but Burnley equalise with a late equaliser from Andre Gray. Sheffield Wedders equalise against Burnley with a second-half equaliser as the visitors are level on points with second-placed Middlesbrough, having played two games more.
Leicester City 2-0 Liverpool. Jamie Vardy celebrates his second goal of the season as Leicester City beat Liverpool to move one step closer to winning the Premier League title with a win at Anfield. Leicester City striker Jamie vie for the title with his first ever top-flight goal against Liverpool.Jamie Vardy scores his first Premier League goal from outside the box to give Leicester City a 1-0 win over Liverpool at Anfield. Leicester City boss Claudio Ranieri said: "Amazing. Jamie is very fast and can create a lot but it was unbelievable how Mahrez found him and how he had the time to see
Australian of the Year David Morrison says it is time to "have the conversation" about a republic. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says the time is right to revisit the question of dropping the Queen as head of state.
England collapse: Kagiso Rabada becomes youngest South Africa bowler to take 10 wickets in a match. Kagiso Morkel claimed 3-36, with James Taylor's 24 the highest score for England, who lost their last seven wickets for 43 runs in 10.5 overs. England's final-day collapse in the fourth and final Test against South Africa in Centurion saw them skittled out for just 43 runs on the final day of the series.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak has been cleared of corruption charges after the attorney-general ruled that $681m was a donation from the Saudi royal family, the BBC has learned.The Saudi source said the donation was made amid concern in Riyadh about the influence of the Muslim Brotherhood.At the time, Malaysia's opposition alliance included the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS). Its founders were inspired by the Brotherhood.
Aberdeen's Ryan Quinn is available for Sunday's Scottish League Cup semi-final against Celtic. Aberdeen defender Ryan Quinn has been named on the bench in the Dons' third-round defeat by Hibernian.
Jenny Stephen expected BT to connect her home to a telegraph pole visible from her window at a holiday village in Corton, Suffolk.But BT Openreach quoted her a price of £18,799 plus VAT, saying it was due to the "huge" civil engineering task of laying 400m of underground cables.
Action Man is not quite ready to leave the battlefield. The plastic moulded figures, rebranded from the US GI Joe version, made their debut in the UK at the British Toy Fair in Brighton, in January 1966, after a toy executive realised their market potential.They were hugely popular, with sales topping 20 million by the end of the 1970s.Modifications kept the toys fresh and collectable, for example "eagle eyes" were introduced in 1976 by Hasbro, the US makers, and Palitoy brought in "flocked" hair and non-military costumes such as football kits.
Leeds Rhinos face six months without training pitches. The Rhinos have been training across the city of Leeds since the river Aire burst its banks at Christmas.
Scotland's Stuart Hardie: 'I'm the most scared I've ever been'. "I don't normally go in for that kind of stuff, but I did a bungee jump once and I'm not doing that again either. Give me a hard game of rugby instead." "I went with my girlfriend about a year ago," he said. "It's pitch dark and you have to follow this red light around these alleyways."You don't know where you're going then these creatures start jumping out at you. Terrifying. It was like going back to school again. I wasn't entirely sure what
Some operations have been cancelled and extra staff drafted in to deal with a surge of patients over the weekend.
Apple said revenue for the next quarter would be between $50bn (Â£34bn; â‚¬46bn) and $53bn, below the $58bn it reported for the same period a year ago. This would mark Apple's first fall in revenues since it launched the iPhone.Apple said revenue in the three months to 26 December was $75.9bn and net profit was $18.4bn, both of which are the highest ever recorded by the company.Sales of iPhones accounted for 68% of the company's revenue.
The UK is set to have a referendum by the end of 2017 on whether or not it should remain a member of the European Union.A report from Migration Watch, which advocates tighter immigration controls, looks at possible policies that could be introduced if the UK voted to leave the EU and considers their impact on overall migration figures.The report suggests the introduction of work permits which would limit EU nationals entering the country to higher-skilled workers, their family members and students, while low-skilled migrants would not be granted entry.Under the suggested system there would also be no restriction on EU family members of British citizens coming to join them
Israeli Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon said IS had "enjoyed Turkish money for oil for a very, very long period of time".Turkey denies allowing IS smuggling and the US recently rejected Russian claims that Turkish government officials were in league with the militants.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani is on a five-day visit to Italy and France.
Australian Open 2014: Johanna Konta beats Zhang Shuai to reach semi-finals. Johannes Kontta is the first British woman to reach a Grand Slam semi-final since Jo Durie at the US Open in 1983 and the first woman to do so at the Australian Open since Victoria Azarenka in 2004. Johanna Jonta reaches the last four at Melbourne Park for the first time in her career with a 6-4 6-1 6-2 6-3 win over China's Zhang Shaoai in the quarter-finals and next faces German seventh seed Angelique Kerber
Ryan Watkins is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Maesteg Harlequins in the Welsh National League Division One West Central.
Wales coach Warren Gatland: You can't look past Ireland. Wales head into the Six Nations with a chance to become the first side ever to win the Championship three times in a row.Warren Gatland says Ireland are an "unknown quantity" in "a really open competition".
Johanna Konta is proving herself capable of stunts to wow an audience. "I'm not surprised at what she has done. Top players have that something different about them. She is incredibly passionate about the sport.
The Welsh government said its tuition fee policy has been a "huge success".
Customers of UK banks who use the internet pay just as much for overdrafts and fees as everyone else.Consumers save money by doing their transactions on a computer or mobile phone.But not when it comes to banking.Lloyds - the UK's biggest retail banking group - boasts that is has 10 million customers who access its services via the internet.These low-maintenance customers rarely need to call their bank, let alone visit the local branch.From the bank's point of view, they are cheap to look after.In any case, the mainstream banks believe consumers should not be getting lower prices for banking online.
St Mirren's Mark Clarkson ready to make debut against Alloa. Mark Clarkson could make his first appearance for Premiership Well in the Championship on Saturday.
Kevin de Bruyne out for around 10 weeks after Everton injury. Manchester City midfielder Kevin De Bruyne will miss up to 10 weeks with a knee injury.
Three people have been arrested in connection with a data breach that saw 157,000 of TalkTalk customers' details stolen in a cyber-attack last year, the company has said.
OctOctopuses that stand tall, turn dark and spread their web in a "Nosferatu pose" are likely showing aggression.Conversely, octopuses may display a pale colour after losing a fight or when trying to avoid conflict.
Royal Sun Alliance has announced it will close its Birmingham office.The office will shut later this year but a new "commercial trading site" will open in the city in September.Royal Sun Alliance told staff on Wednesday that 190 jobs were at risk of redundancy but was "committed" to staying in Birmingham.A spokesman said the firm's review showed it could work more effectively "if teams doing the same kind of work, or focused on the same kinds of customers, are situated together"."Unfortunately, a number of our employees will be impacted by these changes and we will be working closely with them over the next few months and will
London-based fitness business Frame has opened a new type of female-friendly gym called Frame, which offers a range of fitness classes covering everything from dance to "rocket yoga", and "dynamic Pilates". A London mother-of-two has become the first female-owned fitness business in the UK to launch a pay-as-you-go model, with a focus on women's health and fitness.A London woman has become one of the first women-owned gyms in the country to offer a pay as you go model for women's fitness classes, with the launch of Frame's first gym in
England, Wales and Northern Ireland have one of the highest drink-driving limits in Europe, according to the Alcohol Health Alliance. Health campaigners want to lower the legal drink-drive limit in England and Wales to 50mg per 100ml of blood.
William McIlvanney was a Scottish novelist, poet, journalist and broadcaster.He was born and educated in Kilmarnock.He died at his Glasgow home on 5 December.East Ayrshire Council said it would ask permission from the family to name the campus in his honour.
The man's blue Ford Focus and a red HGV collided between the Warrix Interchange and Corsehillmount roundabout.
A new investigation has now been announced by regulators.The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) have decided to start investigations into certain former HBOS senior managers."These investigations will determine whether or not any prohibition proceedings should be commenced against them.
Dr Henry McLaughlin believes that physical and mental wellbeing can be improved by a daily mountain climb.The idea is that people climb to the top of Slievemartin outside Rostrevor - known locally as the Cairn - take a selfie and then post the picture on the 'Cairnuary' Facebook page.
Luton boss Nathan Jones, who was his under-21 manager at the Addicks
Leigh coach Ben Rowley resigns as coach.
The discovery of the body in Northampton is being linked to the disappearance of Adeyemi Olugbuyi, 32, in September 2013.
Welling United 2-1 Dover. Welling are three points behind Tranmere in sixth, with three games in hand.
Steven Souley, 26, and his accomplice Zico Malavin, 20, were remanded in custody after they admitted attacking Robert Eadie, 25, in Glasgow in 2014.
Welling's Ben Jefford is eligible to face Macclesfield on Saturday.
Some prisoners describe their life behind bars. The restriction of their liberty is the punishment for their crimes - not their lifestyle inside prison, according to residential officer Kerry Payne.The restriction of prisoners' liberty means they have little more than a bed, a sink and a toilet in their cells. Some prisoners have little or no access to the outside world and are confined to a tiny cell in a prison in Dumfries, West Lothian, where they can only read books, watch television and play computer games. Some inmates have little to do outside of their cells and are restricted to a small room in a small cell in
David Dyke to step down as FA chief. Former director general of the BBC and England manager Greg Dyke has announced he will step down at the end of the summer. Former England boss Greg Dycey has announced his resignation as chief executive of the Football Association, saying he will not stand for re-election in June.Former England manager Gary Rowett, who has been in charge of the FA since 2013, said he would step down in June.Media playback is not supported on this device Dyke says he will stand for election in June "I had already decided that if no reform was possible I was going
The woman who was driving the vehicle is in a critical condition in hospital.
St Johnstone sign former Scotland Under-21 international Scott MacLean on loan. Former Scotland U21 striker Scott Maclean has signed on loan for the rest of the season with St Johnstones.
Only one in 200 women in the UK are still doing any degree of breastfeeding after a year, according to a new report. A new report has found that only a third of mothers in the United Kingdom are still breastfeeding their baby after 12 months.The UK is the worst record in the world.
Valencia 2-1 Barcelona. Valencia manager Gary Neville is still waiting for a first league win since taking charge of Valencia.
Espanyol 4-0 Real Madrid. Cristiano Ronaldo scores a hat-trick to help Real Madrid to a 5-0 rout of Espanyola in La Liga.
Edwina Hart accused UK officials of ignorance amid suggestions passengers could have to change trains on some services between Wales and England.
The female dog was discovered "dumped like rubbish" in the Overton area
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed a joint declaration to recognise one another formally for the first time.The declaration was signed by the Anglican Communion with the Scottish Episcopal Church.
Shrewsbury Town defender Jamie Caton signs until the end of the 2016-17 season.
The European Data Relay System (EDRS) is to be launched from Baikonur, Kazakhstan. It will use a laser to gather pictures of the planet taken by other spacecraft and then relay them to the ground.One benefit will be to put information on natural disasters, such as flooding and earthquakes, into the hands of emergency responders far faster than has previously been possible.The European Space Agency's (Esa) answer is to fire the pictures upwards instead, via laser, to another satellite much higher in the sky that has a constant view of the ground station.The agency recently put up two Earth observers that
Sarah Lucas won the women's single sculls event at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro.The 40-year-old is the only confirmed member of the British Paralympic team for the Rio Games.
Oldham Town 1-0 Leeds United: Referee calls game off after a 13:00 inspection.
Linlithgow Rose 2-1 Staggies. Rose beat Staggie's Linlithsgow Rose to reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Junior Cup after a dramatic second-half equaliser by Brian Graham and Alex Schalk put the Premiership side in control. Brian Graham scores his seventh goal of the season with a shot from the edge of the area to leave Rose to concentrate on next week's Junior Cup tie away to Kilwinning Rangers.
Turkey says a Russian jet flew into its airspace on the border with Syria on Friday.Russia insisted the jet had never crossed over from Syrian territory.
Smoke bombs were let off and bricks thrown as police turned out in force to oversee hundreds of far-right demonstrators marching through town.
Brendan Rogers needed 14 stitches in his lip after a challenge by Tyrone's Tiernan McCann at the start of the gameBrendan Rogers was named at midfield for the McKenna Cup final and the match video suggested he may have been caught by McCann's right elbow immediately after challenging for the initial throw-inAfter the ball was thrown in, McCann came in from the side and the footage showed the Tyrone man clattering into Rogers although the Red Hand county player appeared to be focusing on the ball rather than the Derry midfielder when the contact was madeBarton added that he "couldn't speak" after the game such was his upset
West Hammers sign Nigeria international Adebayo Emenike from Al Ain. West Ham sign Nigeria forward Adeboyo Ememike from Qatari club Al Ain this season.
Northern Ireland to host 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games. Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Youth Games in Belfast, the Commonwealth Games Northern Ireland has announced.
Sir Sir Terry Evans has opened a book of condolence at the entrance of the BBC's New Broadcasting House in London.The books, in Sir Terry's birthplace of Limerick, will allow people to mark the passing of "a true son of.
UK approves gene editing in human embryos. Scientists in the UK have been given the go-ahead to edit human embryos using a DNA-altering technique called CRISPR-Cas9.The research aims to provide a deeper understanding of the earliest moments of human life.It will be illegal for the scientists to implant the modified embryos into a woman.But the field is attracting controversy over concerns it is opening the door to designer - or GM - babies.
Nicola Sturgeon said the Transition Training Fund should help keep expertise in the energy sector, or in related roles in manufacturing.
Premier's share price was up by nearly 90% to 36p.Premier had suspended its shares on 13 January after agreeing to buy E.On's North Sea assets for.
Chechechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram in which he threatens to kill Russian opposition leaders.The video was posted late on Sunday and has more than 16,000 "likes".Mr Kasyanov says he sees it as a direct death threat and will demand a criminal investigation.Ilya Yashin, who co-chairs RPR-Parnas with Mr Kadyanov, called the video "an open threat to murder Kasyansov".Another opposition leader, anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny, echoed that view. On Facebook, Mr Navalny said (
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Raad Al Hussein has expressed concern over reports that a man who filmed the incident was arrested. The United Nations' high commissioner for human rights says a man filmed an incident in which Turkish soldiers shot unarmed civilians.
The pilot was flying solo during a training flight on Thursday and radioed for assistance while returning to RAF Leeming
Samsung phones will have to be added in the same way and will not come as standard.The new browser has begun rolling out for Android Lollipop or higher users.Ad-blockers, Adblock Fast and Crystal, have already been made available for Samsung phones.As well as making web pages less cluttered, ad-blocker often improve browsers' performance - and reduce the draw on phone batteries and data plans."Those who use ad-blocking browsers will likely use other browsers than the default one," said advertising industry analyst Daniel Knapp at IHS.He said it was those most highly prized by advertisers, young and affluent users
Southeastern will refund the difference in cost between mainline and high speed fares.
A carer has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for stealing money from a disabled man's bank account. Melanie Harris, 44, emptied the bank account of 65-year-old Ted Carter, who had cerebral palsy.
Charlton Charlton have cancelled the deals of Franck Moussa and Ricardo Vaz Te by mutual consent.
Valencia 2-2 Barcelona in the Copa del Rey semi-final. Valencia coach Gary Neville celebrates a late equaliser by Wilfrid Kaptoum as his side beat Barcelona to reach the Spanish Cup final.
West Yorkshire Police are treating the incident as murder but are not looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths.
Newport Newport have confirmed the release of defender Matt Taylor.The 34-year old joined from Cheltenham in the summer but made just five appearances for the south Wales club."
Kevin Hurley, Surrey Police and Crime Commissioner, said he had considered seeking her dismissal before she took over the national policing role.Concerns about public protection and child safeguarding in Surrey were down to a "failure of leadership", he said.The Home Office said she was an "exceptional" policing leader.Last November, Mrs Owens, 47, saw off strong competition to be named director-general of the National Crime Agency - one of the most prestigious and highly paid roles in policing.The NCA has responsibility for the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre - known as CEOP.But in the months
Wy Wycombe 2-1 Dagenham & Redbridge. Wycombe move up to sixth spot with a 2-0 win over Dagen & Redbridges.
Switzerland says $4bn may have been misappropriated from 1MDB. A Malaysian minister said this was not possible due to extensive audits, and called the statements "premature".
Neymar accused of tax evasion in Spain. Neymar is accused of defrauding the Spanish tax office of an estimated €13m.
Tanveer Iqbal's body was found in his Renault Clio in Portland Road, Edgbaston, on Monday afternoon.
The Grade II-listed Drummond Mill on Lumb Lane in Manningham was ravaged by a fire which started in the basement on Thursday
Two were on the vessel when it ran into trouble between Bokpunt and Gansekraal
"I use WhatsApp to keep in touch with my family and friends. I would feel very isolated without it."I use it for communicating with family in London and friends nationwide. I use it on holiday too. Last year, on holidays in Uganda, I used it to communicate with all my family including my daughter in London, and husband in Glasgow."Mal Smith, from Glasgow, UK, says she uses it every day to message her son, Ewan, in Australia."He's in Sydney and I'm in Glasgow. It keeps us in touch every morning and night, and if I didn't have it I'd
Astronaut Major Peake made history last month when he became the first Briton to walk in space.The event, held at the World Museum in Liverpool, was streamed to thousands of schools where pupils simultaneously conducted simple experiments.The live link-up with the International Space Station lasted about 20 minutes.The children laughed as he turned and floated away from the camera to look out of the window.He added: "At the moment we are in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean coming up to the coast of Africa with the beautiful colours of the Sahara Desert."There was a huge gasp of delight when his beaming face appeared
Notts County Ladies sign Liverpool's Lauren Greenwood. Notts county Ladies sign midfielder Lauren Greenwood from Liverpool for a club record fee of £1.5m.
A smart doorbell, a connected camera, a child's toy and a locator to help monitor children were all found to be vulnerable to straightforward attacks.The default passwords and bad security practices could have leaked data to attackers, said the research teams.However, all four firms have acted on the warnings, tightened up code and closed loopholes."The problem with the Internet of Things these days is that everyone is becoming an IT shop whether they like it or not and whether they realise it Or not," said Tod Beardsley, security research manager at Rapid7, who uncovered problems with two of the devices.While IoT device makers
Josh Hadfield, 10, from Frome in Somerset, developed narcolepsy after receiving the Pandemrix vaccine six years ago.He was awarded the money after appealing against the government which had initially refused to pay as he was not "severely disabled" enough.
Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov has criticised social network Instagram for removing a video he posted about Russian President Vladimir Putin. A video posted by a Chechen leader has been removed from social media after it was described as a "murder threat". The video portrayed Mr Kasyanov though a sniper's gun sights.
The Scottish government wants a deal concluded by 12 February to allow time for it to be examined at Holyrood.The Scottish government has said there is still "some distance to go" before a deal can be agreed and threatened to veto any formula that was "unfair to Scotland".First Minister Nicola Sturgeon warned recently that Scotland stood to lose billions of pounds over the next few years under the Treasury's current proposals.Mr Hands said he had cleared his diary for a full day of talks in Edinburgh next Monday and he remained "upbeat" that an agreement would be struck.He told the Commons Scottish Affairs Committee: "I
The British astronaut has been up there for six weeks, but took time out to speak to children and share some experiments.
Swansea's Gylfi Sigurdsson believes the Swans have enough quality to avoid relegation from the Premier League this season.
Aa week after Paris Mulholland's 11th birthdayParis wrote the letter after speaking to BBC Radio Sheffield. A seven-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglars who broke into her family home.A seventh-year old girl had written the letter.
South Africa's Jacob Zuma to pay back Nkandla home upgrades. South Africa President Zuma says he will pay back the money spent on the upgrades to his home. The refurbishment of the residence has turned into a major political controversy in South Africa.
David Cameron has hailed a plan to allow the UK to limit the amount of tax credits paid to new EU migrants for up to four years as one of the key elements of a draft package of reforms to the UK's membership of the EU.But he said the emergency brake would only apply in "exceptional cases".Eurosceptics say it is ineffectual and could make the situation worse.But many Tory MPs have criticised the plan, saying it is a watered-down version of the total four-year ban the PM was hoping for and that new migrants would still receive "graduated" rates of in-
Scottish Finance Secretary John Swinney has said he does not underestimate the "on-going challenges" local authorities face in delivering public services within a constrained financial environment.The Scottish government has agreed a deal with local authorities that will see spending cut by £350m in 2016/17, which equates to a 2% reduction in the local authority budget.He added: "I think some of the talk has been frankly over the top about the impact of the settlement for local government."
Paris police have evicted more than 350 Roma people from a camp on the outskirts of the French capital.
Jo Deering died in 2011, aged 52, just months after being sectioned under the Mental Health Act.
In:Eiji Kawashima, goalkeeper (Standard Liege).Out:Rico Juan Rodriquez Perez-Reverte, forward (Cordoba).In:Darren O'Dea, defender (Mumbai City).
Night Tube deal clears hurdle for service. The RMTM union is still in talks with London Underground over a planned strike over the issue of job losses.
The image shows the feathered friend peering into shot on Wednesday morning
A study indicated designating forest reserves in Liberia and the Democratic Republic of Congo could displace as many as 1.3 million people.
Donald Trump has accused Texas Senator Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa Republican presidential caucuses, saying the state does not track or grade individual voters.Mr Trump also cited Cruz leaflets that accused Iowans of "voting violations".Mr Trump placed second in Monday's contest, which he called "a long-shot great finish" in an earlier tweet.Mr Cruz's camp is not taking the accusations too seriously."Reality just hit the reality star - he lost Iowa and now nobody is talking about him, so he's popping off on Twitter," Mr Cruz's communications director Rick Tyler told Politico in an email."There are
Annan Athletic's Omar, the son of refugees from Iraqi Kurdistan, was featured in the local press there.
Falcao out of Chelsea squad. Chelsea striker Radamelto has been ruled out of their Champions League and Premier League squads for the second half of the season.
Norwegian Forest cat Clive vanished from his home in Toton, Nottinghamshire, in October 2014He was found at the Kennelgate Pet Superstores warehouse, about two miles away, where he had repeatedly set off the alarms during the nightHis owner Tanya Irons said she could not believe he was "so porky"."It's amazing, he's so big and fluffy because it's winter," she said."He liked to go outside a lot, but we think somebody must have been feeding him, he’s such a lovely cat.When Clive first went missing Ms Irons put out appeals for help but heard nothing
Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton (left) and Bernie Sanders (right) sparred about who is the real progressive during a town hall meeting in Manchester, New Hampshire, on Wednesday.The two Democratic contenders took questions from an audience in New Hampshire. Democratic presidential contenders Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders sparred over who is a progressive and who is not on Wednesday, as they prepare to debate each other on stage together on Thursday night.Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton said she was not bothered by his accusation but it was not helpful because they shared the same aspirations. "I'm a progressive who gets results and I will be a
Cologne sex attacks: Women describe 'terrible' assaults. Cologne is preparing to host its annual carnival for the first time since the New Year's Eve sexual assaults on women.The city in western Germany is putting 2,500 police officers on the streets for the week-long event.More than 100 women were victims, but the full scale only emerged later.The New Year unrest in Cologne fuelled German unease about a huge influx of asylum seekers.Two men - a Tunisian and a Moroccan - have been charged over the Cologne offences.The raids on flats and offices took place on Thursday in Berlin, Lower Saxony
A 200m-length section across four lanes had to be resurfaced after a fuel spillage, Highways England said.A 26-year-old man driving a Saab died at the scene.
Sir Timothy O'Shea said plans to elect the chair of universities' governing bodies were "inconsistent, incoherent and potentially very damaging".The proposal is made in the Scottish government's Higher Education Governance Bill.The bill aims to improve the way universities - which are fiercely protective of their independence from the state - are governed.The proposal which has caused the most controversy is for directly elected chairs for university courts - students and staff would be able to take part in the vote.However, Sir Timothy also welcomed amendments to the bill, including one which removed some additional ministerial powers that he argued threatened the university's institutional autonomy.
Ian Domingo, from Dumfries, had been in London for a ceremony to mark the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli campaign in which his grandfather was killed.His suitbag, containing badges commemorating service, was taken from the Virgin service from Euston.Elaine Higgins, from Barrow-in-Furness, had picked up his bag by accident.She had attended the same remembrance ceremony and had travelled back in the same carriage as Mr.
He says: "People love stories, the real stories behind things.And the media was very important to me from the first days of Tyrrells."I was a guy who had been beaten up by the supermarkets, and people love to support the underdog."The son of potato farmers who lived near the Herefordshire town of Leominster, Mr Chase bought the family farm from his dad when he was 20 after he "managed to find a bank manager brave enough to lend me £200,000".As the cost of potatoes can rise and fall sharply, business was up and down for the next 12 years,
Mark Sarao is accused of market manipulation that caused a 1,000-point fall on the Dow Jones index in 2010.US prosecutors allege he made about $875,000 (Â£600,000) from the move.He faces 22 charges in the US, including fraud charges, all of which he denies.The charges include "spoofing" - the practice of buying or selling with the intent to cancel the transaction before execution.After spending four months in custody in the UK, he was released on bail last year.They claim he made roughly Â£27m in profit over five years from illegal
A man has appeared in court charged with murder and attempted murder after a fire in Aberdeenshire in May 2014.
India Chipchase was last seen by friends on Bridge Street at about 01:15 GMT on Saturday
A president Edmund King said the death toll was the "equivalent of three plane crashes".
A woman who died in China after a carbon monoxide leak has been found guilty of manslaughter.Francesca Dingley, 22, from north London, died in a Chengdu apartment on 10 February 2015, five days after moving in to the flat.Education First, which arranged the accommodation, said steps had been taken to prevent similar tragedies.In a statement, the company said it had "launched an immediate independent investigation" following her death.The priority has been to support the family", it said.Ms Dingley's family has previously settled with the firm out of court.Her mother Chrissy said the death was
BBC Radio 4 put a prompt on social media ahead of Valentine's Day: "Tell us a story about love," inviting anyone in the world to make a two-minute voice recording of their relationship story, on their phone, and email it in as an attachmentThen, I would knit the contributions into a half-hour of online dates, first loves, and bitter break-upsI will confess to some nervesUntil recently, the quality from mobile recordings would not be good enough - but, in my day job as a journalist, I have used the technique when we have not been able to get an interviewee to a studioThe technology
Roger Caffrey, 70, was found guilty of three counts of rape and 12 counts of indecent assault in Nottinghamshire from 1978 to 1994
Hasbro, the maker of My Little Pony, approached Mattel about a deal late last year, according to Bloomberg news.
All-amputee team to row 3,000-mile Talisker Challenge to Antigua. A group of four all-ampsutee rowers have completed the world's toughest row. A team of four men who lost both their legs in a bomb explosion in Afghanistan has become the first allamputees to row an ocean.
Four Algerian men have been arrested in Germany on suspicion of planning an attack on German tourist sites, prosecutors say.Two of the men are wanted by Algerian authorities for alleged links to Islamic State (IS) and the other is wanted by the German authorities, prosecutors said.
Indonesia's economy grew by just over 5% in the fourth quarter of last year, according to official data released on Monday.The economy has seen an average of just under 6% growth over the past decade and analysts have said growth is unlikely to improve for some time.
Volkswagen says it will have a fix in the coming weeks for the millions of US cars with defeat devices that disguised emission levels in diesel cars.
Earth Wind & Fire: Bandleader Maurice White dies at 74. They advocated positivity and harmony - expressed through the medium of funk.Blending jazz, Latin and soul with an infectious rhythmic pulse, Earth Wind &amp; Fire they sold more than 90 million albums around the world.
More than half of those eligible to vote did so in 2011, she said.
A primary school and community centre are also included in the plans for both developments.
Convicted criminal Steven Johnson had been wanted since January 2014 after breaching the terms of his parole.
Thousands of displaced people have arrived at the Turkish-Syrian border, the UN says, as the Syrian army advances in Aleppo province, threatening to encircle the rebel-held city of Aleppo.The UN says up to 20,000 Syrians have gathered at the Bab al-Salam border crossing, while up to 10,000 more are expected to arrive in the next few days.The frontier is shut but Turkey has said it is prepared to feed and shelter the refugees.Turkey and Russia have been embroiled in a row since Turkey shot down a Russian jet it accused of violating its airspace in November.On Friday, Turkish President
The cargo ship SS Politician, which had 28,000 cases of whisky, sank off Eriskay in Western Isles 75 years ago.
Bernie Sanders' popularity on social sites won't necessarily translate into Bernie Sanders becoming the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination.
This year the festival features over 200 sculptures including iconic Asian buildings carved out of snow and ice.
The use of drones from flying within 32 miles of the Super Bowl stadium in Santa Clara, California, has been banned between 14:00 and 23:59 PST on 7 February.
Shrewsbury Town 3-2 Blackpool.
Bournemouth 1, Stoke City 3: Mark Hughes's side move up to ninth in the table. Marko Arnautovic and Marko Mertesacker (Stoke City) wins a free kick on the right wing.Juan Iturbe (Bournemouth) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Foul by Giannelli Imbula (Stow City).Attempt missed. Xherdan Shaqiri (Stoker City) left footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the left.Johannes Schmeichel (Southampton) saves a shot
The Spiders' David Galt headed against the outside of the post
Cheltenham Town 2-2 Forest Green Rovers. Forest Green boss Jamie Day:Media playback is not supported on this device
Tottenham 2-1 Manchester City: Harry Kane scores from the spot. Harry Kane fires home from the penalty spot to give Tottenham a 1-1 draw at Manchester City as Christian Eriksen scores his 16th Premier League goal of the season. Tottenham beat Manchester City to earn a point at the Etihad Stadium after Harry Kane scored a penalty in the second half to give the visitors a 1 - 1 draw.Harry Kane celebrates after scoring the opening goal for Tottenham in the first half, with the ball hitting the back of Raheem Sterling's elbow.The England forward had turned his back as he jumped to block Danny
A member of the public raised the alarm after seeing the woman fall at Peveril Point, near Swanage, on Saturday afternoon
Eddie Jones said he was going up to Murrayfield to set the tone and leave with the win.He will go away happy and we will see a progression on what they did against Scotland over the next few gamesThe tactics were more route one, using the forwards. They really led the line and outworked Scotland.The scorelines might be similar between England's first game under Stuart Lancaster at Murrayfield in 2012 (a 13-6 victory) and this weekend but England had a lot more control this weekend.England also probably had two clear-cut chances to score tries and they took both of them.Media playback is not supported on
David Cameron says the move will "make a difference" to high levels of immigration by reducing a "pull factor".But it will have to be agreed by member states, as part of a wider package of reforms to Britain's relationship with the EU, and will only apply for a temporary period as an "emergency brake".
Rajiv Ouseph won his eighth men's singles title, beating Alex Lane 21-10 21-9.
The UN Security Council has condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket into orbit as a "serious violation of the Security Council resolution". The launch comes weeks after North Korea held a fourth nuclear test - both acts violate UN resolutions.
Badminton Scotland: Robert Blair and Kirsty Gilmour win National doubles title. Robert Blair wins his second National title in a row as he doubles with Kirsty Gillmour at the Badmollen Scotland Championships.Robert Blair celebrates after winning the men's doubles title in the final against Martin Campbell and Julie MacPherson.
India is no stranger to comical brand names. I was a little surprised by all the fuss. On the whole, it has to be admitted though, that India is.
Somalia plane bombing: Video shows suspected bomber. A video has emerged showing a man in an orange hi-visibility vest walking with a man holding what looks like a laptop. It is alleged that the laptop is handed over.
England women's cricketThe ECB has moved the start date of the Women's World Cup to earlier in the summer.
The Liberian Football Association (LFA) has threatened to take a case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport if a member of Fifa's Ad-Hoc Electoral Committee has a conflict of interest.
The mansion, designed by architect Walter Newall for a local solicitor, will now become a national centre for children's literature after raising Â£5.3m in capital funding.It has been a dramatic journey very much in the spirit of author JM Barrie who studied at Dumfries Academy and played in Moat Brae's gardens as a child.Born in Kirriemuir in Angus, he moved south in 1873 at the age of 13.In his memoirs published in 1904, he wrote of Peter Pan: "Our escapades in […].
Wakefield Dragons full-back Josh Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an arm injury.
A critically ill Indian soldier has been airlifted to a hospital in India after an avalanche buried him under 8m of snow on the Siachen glacier in the Himalayan region of Kashmir.The soldiers were on duty at an army post on the glacier at an altitude of 5,900m (19,350ft) when the avalanche struck.Specialist army and air force teams immediately began searching for the missing soldiers close to the Line of Control that divides Indian and Pakistani-administered Kashmir.Senior military officials said at the time there was little chance of finding any of the soldiers alive after the incident last Wednesday.
Chesterfield kept the U's out until Drew Wright broke free with 20 minutes remaining.However, three minutes later Lee Novak converted from the spot after he was felled by Richard Brindley.
Queen's 2012: Rafael Nadal confirms he will defend his Queen's title in June. Rafa Nadal has confirmed he will play in the Aegon Championships warm-up event in June.
Isis Academy in Oxford said it had rebranded as "Iffley Academy" to protect its "reputation, integrity and image".
Gender Identity Development Service said 969 under-18s have been referred in the UK in 2015-16, including nearly 200 aged 12 or under.This compares to just 94 in 2009-2010.
The Russian military has held military drills in southern Russia as part of a "snap drill" in response to the ongoing conflict in eastern Ukraine.The exercises include the rapid deployment of troops from 3,000km (1,860 miles) away and the preparation of emergency runways for the air force.Russia's exercises come as its air force contingent in Syria carries out heavy bombing to push anti-government rebels away from the city of Aleppo.
Eastleigh FC: Matt Tubbs joins Portsmouth on a deal until the end of the season.
The images were taken by photographer Nick Hedges in the 1960s and 1970s for housing charity Shelter
South Africa v England: Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by 22 runs in the third one-day international at Centurion.De Kock hit four sixes in a brilliant 135 and Amla made 127 as the hosts reached their target of 319 with 22 balls to spare.England lead the series 2-1 with two matches to play.England captain Eoin Morgan: "I thought 318 was a good score. The wicket got a little worse as our innings went on and a little wear and tear crept in, but Joe Root was outstanding."They had an incredible opening partnership
Air passenger duty will be an advantage for Irish airlines, according to Ryanair chief executive John Walsh.He would prefer that the UK abolishes Air Passenger Duty (APD).But, in its absence, he said carriers within his International Airlines Group (IAG) would "certainly look at what is on offer" from Stormont.Economy Minister Jonathan Bell has promised a decision on an air route development fund by the end of next month.Potentially, it could be a Â£4m incentive package to help fund important business and tourism connections.The Northern Ireland Executive could, on its own, scrap all APD
Catalans Dragons thrash Salford at home in their opening match of the season.
Sir Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has asked Sir Richard Henriques to make recommendations about whether there are ways to improve procedures.Sir Bernard has already decided police investigating Lord Janner in Leicester didn't do enough - now he will have to decide if the Met went too far.
North Sea oil firm Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for 2015, as the price of oil continued to fall.
Northern Ireland are to play Poland, Ukraine and Germany in France in June.
UKIP MEP Andrew Gill says he is not part of the political class.He was appointed by Nigel Farage in 2014.But some say he didn't do enough - that the entire selection process should have been handled in Wales and that Mr Gill should stand down. Andrew Gill is a member of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) and a former MEP for Anglesey North Wales.But he says he doesn't see himself as part of a political class, and that he has the support of the party's rank-and-file.Some of those speaking out are motivated by "personal reasons", he thinks, having changed
Scottish pig farmer Robin Traquair said the dramatic price drop could lead to some producers going out of business.
Charlie Jermyn died in May, about 30 hours after he was born in his parents' toilet in Penryn, Cornwall.
GMTA team at the University of Sussex put heart monitors on horses and showed them pictures of faces to see how they reacted to different emotions.
There has been continued sniping from ministers about the level of reserves held by higher education institutions.Even the finance minister Jane Hutt couldn't resist having a swipe at the hundreds of millions of pounds in their coffers, before telling Good Morning Wales why she is rolling back on the proposed cutbacks because of concerns over part-time teaching and scientific research.
Phil Gartside: Former Bolton chairman dies at the age of 82. Former Bolton chief executive and chairman of the Premier League club Phil Gartside has died aged 82. He was chairman for 16 years, during which time the club enjoyed an 11-year stint in the top flight and two Uefa Cup campaigns.Bolton have announced the death of former chairman and chief executive of the English Football Association, Phil Gartside, aged 82, following a heart attack at the club's training ground in Bolton on Monday.He had been chairman since 1999, when he took over from Eddie Davies, who
Craig Hignett replaces Ronnie Moore at Hartlepool
Fans of the samba school, which is rooted in Rio's Mangueira favela, screamed with joy
Sunderland winger Sam Johnson's contract terminated. Sunderland winger Sammy Johnson has been terminated hours after he was dropped for Saturday's Premier League match against Manchester United.
David Miller served a ban from 2004 to 2006 after admitting using EPO
Istanbul police have cordoned off the area around the building.The Yeni Akit offices are 20km (12 miles) away from the Yeni Safak building, and the night-time attacks happened almost at the same time, early on Thursday.Windows in both buildings were shattered by the gunfire, Istanbul police said."Numerous spent bullet casings were also found at both scenes," the police added.So far no group has claimed it was behind the attacks.Last September, pro-government protesters attacked the offices of the daily Hurriyet, accusing the paper of misquoting President Erdogan.
The Westgate development in the city centre will eventually have more than 100 shops, 25 restaurants and cafes, a cinema and 61 flats.
German Open 2014: Mark Wilson hits record six consecutive tons. Mark Wilson makes four centuries to reach the semi-finals of the German Open in Berlin and set a snooker world record with a record six successive tons in the process.Mark Wilson hits four centuries and Anthony Hamilton two in a record-breaking 6-3 win over Luca Brecel in the final round of the 2014 German Open. "It's the best match I've ever played by far, and setting the record is brilliant."
Hartlepool Town: Steve Hignett says Jurgen Klopp will have no impact on his performance. Stevenage boss Stevenage manager Stevenage Town boss Steve HIGNETT says Liverpool boss JURGEN KLOPP will not have an influence on his Hartleypool Town side's performance under him as he takes charge of the Seasiders.The former Middlesbrough assistant, who held the same post at Pools under Colin Cooper from 2013 to 2014, succeeded Ronnie Moore on Wednesday.
A teenager has pleaded guilty to assault and theft after he held a machete to a taxi driver's neck during a party.The teen, who cannot be named, held the blade to driver Mohammed Ashar's neck on their return to the party.He fled the taxi screaming for help prompting one of the other boys to steal a drawstring bag containing the driver's change as they made off.Fiscal depute Eilidh Robertson told the court the boys then went back to the house.She said: "The other three boys had intended just to commit taxi fraud but were all surprised when the other boy
The US presidential candidate's Menie resort has been a focus for local protest
Leeds United: 'Time To Go, Massimo' poster appears outside the East Stand. Leeds United fans have put up a 'Time to Go' poster outside the stadium's East Stand in protest at the club's owner Massimo Cellino.
Jean-Marc Ayrault has been named prime minister, the Elysee Palace says.
There has been an overall increase of 53% in the number of women being treated for the disease in the last 20 yearsThe rise was described as dramatic by Royal Victoria Hospital statisticiansDr Anna Gavin, who led the research, said the health system needs to prepare itself as the figures are set to climb"I think the services need to gear themselves up because we have done some work looking at past trends," Dr Gavin said."We see that, in total, the cancer number is expected to increase by two thirds again, about 65% in 20 years."The service needs to be aware of that. We need to be thinking of ways
Star Citizen's creator says he has raised more than $108m (Â£75m) to develop the title via online crowdfunding campaigns.In fact, it makes the sci-fi space simulator the biggest crowdfunded project of all time.Not bad considering its creator, Chris Roberts, had originally hoped to raise about a tenth of the amount.That would have funded a much smaller game than Star Citizen has evolved into, Roberts told the BBC."I never thought we would raise the money we have, I was going to start more contained and over time its sort of filled out."But with the title running years behind its originally announced
GSK made more than £50m of payments to companies making generic versions of its anti-depressant Seroxat to delay them coming to market.
Pride and Zombies, Lily James wants to play action heroes.When a film starts with the line "it is a truth universally acknowledged that a zombie in possession of.
Lillehammer 2016: Team GB send 16 athletes to the Winter Youth Olympics. The British Olympic Association has sent a team of 16 athletes for the 2016 Winter Youth Olympic Games in Norway. Team GB have sent a 16-strong team of athletes to take part in the 16th edition of the Youth Olympics, which will take place in the Norwegian city of Lillehberg from 15 to 18 February. The team will compete in alpine skiing, bobsleigh, curling, freestyle skiing, ice hockey skills challenge, luge and skeleton.Team GB's best medal hopes appear to lie in the sliding sports.
Uber has agreed to settle a number of lawsuits over its safety policies in the US.As the lawsuits represent around 25 million US Uber customers, this amounts to an individual payout of just over a dollar each.The proceedings claimed that the lift-hailing app was charging a "safe ride fee".
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said the uncertainty caused by the EU vote could slow down banking.The UK is due to hold a referendum on whether or not to stay in the European Union, before the end of 2017.
Sir John Vickers, who led the Independent Commission on Banking, said that banks should have more money in reserve, to enable them to survive any future financial crisis without a bailout from the taxpayerWith banking shares already being hard hit this year because of worries about their strength and stability those comments by Sir John will be of serious concern and will add to what many will see as logical scepticism.After all, we have received numerous warnings that something is seriously wrong with the world's economy. The price of oil and that of many other commodities have plummeted because of over supply and lack of demand, the Chinese economy is slowing down dramatically and the
Devon and Cornwall Police has announced a 73% drop in mental health patients detained in cells since January 2015.Ordinarily those people who police believe to be a threat to themselves or others due to mental illness would be sent to a secure part of a mental hospital
Gary Straker has been without a club since leaving York City in January.
The last print edition of the Independent will be published on Saturday 26 March, while the last Independent on Sunday will be on 20 March.The last print editions of the paper will be sold to Johnston Press, which also owns the Scotsman, the Yorkshire Post and some 250 other local and regional newspapers, as part of the sale of the i newspaper.The closure of the print editions will have "no bearing on the status" of the London Evening Standard - also owned by ESI - the company added.The Independent's editor Amol Rajan tweeted: "Impossible to over-state how proud I am of the
The Scottish and UK governments have been locked in talks about a financial deal, with deadlines pushed back due to disagreements over key terms.The Scottish government's proposals will see Scotland bear the economic risk of delivering growth, via tax receipts. It will ensure that the Scottish budget bears the risk of population changes relative to the rest of the UK via the Barnett formula.
Milly Dowler: Milly was kidnapped while on her way from school to her home in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, in March 2002Milly was found 25 miles away from where she was kidnapped, in Yateley Heath, Hampshire.Milly's body was found in a field 25 miles from where the teenager was abducted and raped, but experts could not say how she died.
Arsenal 1-1 Hull: Steve Bruce's Tigers end 14-game winning run in FA Cup for the Gunners. Arsenal are still in with a chance of becoming the first team to win three consecutive FA Cups since Blackburn Rovers accomplished the feat 130 years ago as they draw with Hull in the FA Cup replay at the Emirates. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger: "The replay is not especially good news but Hull defended very well."We were not incisive or accurate enough in our passing in the final third. We had 20 shots, 70% possession, but no goals.
Fleetwood 3-2 ScunthorpeMedia playback is not supported on this device
Mansfield Town 3, Dagenham and Redbridge 2. Mansfield's Oliver Hawkins and Jamie Cureton put the Stags ahead, before Matty Blair's late goal gave the Daggers a 2-1 win over Darenham & Redbridge at the bottom of the Premier League. Mansfield goalkeeper Matt Green saves a penalty from Jamie Cureon after a foul in the penalty area.Mansfield Town    3,  Dagenham and Redbridge   2 Mansfield   Town  1,  Mansfield 1, Mansfield 0   First Half ends,  Dagen
Cheltenham Town 2-1 Forest Green. Forest Green boss Jamie Day says his side showed character to come back into the game and get a winner.
Chris Holroyd (Macclesfield Town) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.Ricky Miller (Dover Athletic) header from the centre of the box is saved.Reece Styche is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Foul by Nicky Deverdics (D Dover Athletic).David Fitzpatrick is shown a red card for an offside.David Fitzpatrick tries a through ball, but he is caught offside by Richard Orlu.Richard Orlu (Dever Athletic) is shown his red card.Offside,    Chris Sutherland is shown yellow
Russia has recently come under strong criticism over its air strikes in support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad
Swansea City: Gary Grimes makes only Premier League start to date. Swansea City midfielder Gary Grimes has made only his Premier League debut in their 3-2 FA Cup exit against League Two Oxford.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is his best route to the Champions League. Manchester United manager Louis van der Vaart says he has not given up hope of finishing fourth in the Premier League.
A new mix of cement has been developed to block the passage of radioactive isotopes into the environment. A new cement mix has been created to prevent radioactive waste from entering the UK's nuclear waste disposal sites. The new mix is up to 50% better than previously proposed barrier solutions A new combination of cement is being developed to prevent the passage radioactive waste into the UK from entering its nuclear waste storage sites.The material develops mineral phases that readily trap radioisotopes trying to pass through it.Investigations at the atomic scale indicate the cement ought to retain this ability for at least 2,000 years.This cement will
Turkey has launched a new offensive against a Kurdish militia in Syria, saying it wants to stop the group from taking control of parts of the country. Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency said Turkish forces shot at Kurdish fighters inside Syria on Sunday after coming under fire themselves. The YPG controls much of Syria's northern border with Turkey.
The money will be used to create 35 new posts across Northern Ireland in an effort to speed diagnosis and cut waiting lists.
Carrick Rangers play Amateur League side Crumlin Star in a rearranged Irish Cup sixth round tie at Seaview.Carrick Rangers have won their last four games in all competitions and will be hoping to progress to the quarter-finals of the competition.Warrenpoint will be out to avenge a 4-1 sixth round Irish Cup defeat by Glentoran at the Oval when the sides meet again at Mourneview Park.The Lurgan Blues must plan without striker Eoin Bradley, who was sent-off in the 1-1 draw with leaders Crusaders on Friday night.Portadown central defender
Lord Avebury, who had been suffering from leukaemia, died at the age of 82.Lord Avebury was a Liberal MP for Orpington in 1962 when he won a by-election with a huge 22% swing from the Conservatives.He held the seat for eight years, moving to the Lords in 1971 when he inherited the title of Baron Avebury.He campaigned to lower the voting age, founded the parliamentary human rights group and fought for the rights of refugees and asylum seekers, taking up the cases of hundreds of individuals fleeing persecution.He also campaigned on behalf of secular causes, fighting to remove mandatory daily
Squash: Venus Williams wins first British title since 2012. Venus Williams won the women's singles title at the British Squash Championships on Sunday to secure a first national title since 2013.
North Korea shuts down South Korea's Kaesong industrial complex. The South Korean government says it has shut down the North Korean industrial complex at Kaeseong in an attempt to cut off the country's money supply.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
Eddie Izzard to run 27 marathons in 27 days in South Africa to raise money for Comic Relief and Sport Relief. The comic will try to run more than 700 miles in temperatures of up to 30 C. The comedian will attempt to run a total of 27 marathon miles across the UK and South Africa over 27 days to raise more than £1.8m in aid for Sport Relief and Comic Relief.
AdamAdam Johnson, 28, is accused of two counts of sexual activity with a childThe former Sunderland and Middlesbrough footballer denies the chargesThe girl, who was aged 15 at the time of the alleged incident, described how the winger was her favourite player"I got a message from Sunderland player Adam Johnson who I'd idolised for quite a while," she saidThe girl said that after exchanging messages, she first met up with him on 17 January 2015 when he signed two Sunderland shirts for herShe said the player continued to message her, requesting a "thank you kiss""I was well up for it. It was a surreal
How much do you know about Roald Dahl?
Manly prop Willie Mason joins St George Illawarra Dragons
This is not just a story for political process nerds (honest), but it illustrates how Eurosceptics, although in a clear minority in the cabinet, have been able to force Downing Street's hand.This week's summit and now, the 24 hours that follow, are shaping up to be some of the most important in David Cameron's political career.
Kiland his old team-mate Alex Rae - the Killie board have chosen wisely."I think he will be a very good addition to Scottish football," Rae told BBC Scotland."Lee has been around a long, long time now as a player and in the coaching and management side of things."Kilmarnock can certainly expect to see a manager who wears his heart on his sleeve."The one thing about Lee Clark is you definitely see his passion, you see him running up and down the touchline," added Rae."The board will be looking for a little bit of a bounce, they will be hoping they can continue the
Singerist Taylor Swift has won album of the year at the Grammy Awards.
Brighton 4-2 Bristol City: Tomer Hemed and Beram Kayal score again. Brighton bounce back from defeat at Cardiff with victory over Bristol City.
Indonesian jazz pianist Joey Alexander is the youngest performer ever to be nominated for the prestigious music awardHe did not win a Grammy but while the young musician performed on stage, the cameras panned across to singer Bruno Mars, who was watching with glistening eyesMany from Joey's homeland also expressed their admiration and support for the young star"You were definitely the star of the show," tweeted Indonesian music composer Sherina SinnaJosiah Alexander Sila was born in Bali's Denpasar city to Christian parents Denny Sila and Farah Leonora Urbach, who ran a tourism businessHis parents have described their son
Pakistan's Hindus get new law recognising their marriages. A bill recognising Hindu marriage rights has been passed in Pakistan's Sindh province, home to many of the country's three million Hindus. Pakistan's Hindu minority has never had any legal framework to register their unions until now. The bill recognises Hindu marriages as a legal right, but it does not go far enough to protect Hindu women from forced conversions. It also allows the marriage to be annulled if any spouse converts.
A woman I met on a dating app called Invisible Girlfriend is a bit of a joke, but it turns out she's a real person, and she wants to be in a relationship with me on Facebook. A woman called Sophia, as she called herself, charged me $5 (Â£3.50) a week to be a fake girlfriend on Facebook. She'd leave messages, laugh at my hilarious status updates and, most important of all, change her relationship status to say we were an item. I'd have pushed it further, but the thought of some "real anonymous" bloke texting me back made me feel strange.To sum up: a ludicrous, pathetic idea
Wasps' Danny Cipriani to return to Sale. Wasps winger Danny Dyer will return to his first professional club after four seasons at Sale Sharks.
UK inflation rises by 0.3% in January. Annual inflation has been below the Bank of England's 2% target for two years.
A further thirteen pupils at the fee-paying school have been suspended for using E-cigarettes.Another pupil has been suspended and given a final warning after the discovery of the class B drug.In a letter to parents, rector Dr John Halliday said police were conducting an investigation into.
Gen Palomino is also under investigation for alleged illicit enrichment and conducting illegal wiretaps.
Plaid Cymru's Ruth Wood is back at Tonypandy Community College in the Rhondda to speak to sixth formers about the party's campaign for the assembly election. Ruth Wood, who is the first Plaid leader not to come from a Welsh-speaking background, has a new career aspiration in mind - winning May's assembly election - and she hopes to achieve another first - to become First Minister.Plaid's media profile was boosted last year when Ms Wood took part in the general election leaders' debates alongside David Cameron, Ed Miliband, Nicola Sturgeon, Nigel Farage, Nick Clegg and Natalie Bennett
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the next assembly election, saying it is the party's most ambitious programme for government to date.The party unveiled nine key policies to support its ambitions to boost the nation's health, education and economy, including: Shorter NHS waiting times, free care for the elderly and improved school standards were among the policies unveiled by leader Leanne Wood.
The researchers say that at present, more phosphorus is being lost from soils than is being added by farmers. This is an effect of increased fertilizer use in the past half century. Between 1970 and 2005, 44% of these losses occurred in Asia."This is one main factor," said Prof Martin van Ittersum, a co-author of the study from the University of Wageningen in the Netherlands."Of all the manure that is deposited on the grassland, half of it is taken away for croplands or used for fuel or for plastering the walls of the houses in Africa.
Fleetwood Town loanee Josh Burns could make his Fleetwood debut in the League One game against Scunthorpe United on Saturday.
Arsenal Ladies midfielder Amy Nobbs signs new contract. Arsenal Ladies have signed midfielder Amy Noble to a new contract until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Northern Ireland's Chamber of Commerce has conducted a poll on the UK's membership of the European Union (EU).The survey indicates that only 11% of the chamber's members in Northern Ireland support a British exit.
A new programme, known as Drive, will be aimed at the most dangerous offenders, BBC News has been told.Backed by domestic abuse charities SafeLives and Respect, it will be piloted in Essex, Sussex and South Wales.But domestic violence charity Refuge said there was "no evidence" therapy for violent partners was effective.One woman who survived a "hellish five-year marriage to a physically, emotionally and financially abusive man" said she did not believe the Drive scheme would be effective and it would be better to spend the money on support for victims.
Benjamin Hyland-Ward faces nine counts of fraud by false representation in connection with selling tickets
Theresa May used a speech in Washington to urge the UK's partners in.
China has been carrying out extensive land reclamation work in the region, which it says is legal and for civilian purposes.But the work has angered other countries which also claim the territory, and there is growing concern about the implications of the area becoming militarised.Rival countries have wrangled over territory in the South China Sea for centuries, but tension has steadily increased in recent years.Its islets and waters are claimed in part or in whole by Taiwan, China, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia and Brunei.China has backed its expansive claims with island-building and naval patrols, while the US says it opposes restrictions
Matthew Pewtner: Dragons back-row forced to retire from rugby. Dragons back row Matthew Pewtner has retired from rugby after failing to recover from a head injury he suffered during the Premiership Sevens in 2015.
Cryptococcus neoformans is a fungus that can cause a fatal infection in people with weakened immune systems - particularly those with advanced HIV.Birds are known to carry the fungus, with experts puzzled why the birds themselves do not appear to become ill.
Flying Scotsman was originally built for the London and North Eastern Railway Company (LNER) in 1923 and ran daily between London and Edinburgh
Joleon Lescott has responded to critics following his post-match tweet on Sunday.
The wing of an American Airlines plane clipped the tail of a Southwest Airlines plane, while both were on the taxiway. It happened on Wednesday at 06:05 local time (11:05 GMT) at Detroit Metro airportPassengers had to remain on board the planes but there are no reports of any injuries or fuel leaksThe Federal Aviation Authority has said it will investigate the incident.
Dyfed-Powys and north Wales police forces were ranked "good".
The Office of Rail and Road (ORR) said it had safety concerns over the West Coast Railway Company (WCRC).
David Cameron's EU negotiations will not change the way business people will vote in the referendum, according to a survey by the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC).A survey of 2,133 BCC members found 60% would vote to remain, down slightly from 63% in a previous poll in September.Those representing large firms were significantly more likely to vote'remain' than small-business people.BCC director general John Longworth said: "Our findings suggest that for business people, this is a question of in or out - not renegotiation."
A astonishing thing to tip over the edge and be hauled back again. What they did for me might of just been part of their day job but they worked so hard to keep me going.
David Cameron arrives in Brussels on Thursday, where he will be the centrepiece of the EU renegotiation talks, which could define not just his leadership, but the future of his party and his country's place in the world.But how on earth did the man who once accused the Conservatives of being out of touch for "banging on about Europe", get himself into a position where he has already been 'banging' about Europe for months and months, and will spend the next four months still doing precisely that?
Austria says 80 asylum applications will be accepted each day, and a maximum of 3,200 people will be allowed to travel through its borders.The measures will be introduced on Friday.The country has become a major transit route for migrants seeking to claim asylum in Germany.
The Soloist is a building in Belfast, Northern Ireland.It was developed by the property company William Ewart, which has been selling assets.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said the US expects to have a "very serious conversation" with China over its presence in the South China Sea. US State Secretary John Kerry says there is every evidence, every day, that there has been an increase of militarisation from one kind or another. It's a serious concern.
Surrey Police boss Nick Ephgrave said the force was good at preventing crime but this potentially came at the expense of investigations
The FTSE 100 ended down 55.78 at 5974.54 points, with Anglo American the biggest loser.
Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center had been affected for more than a week.Staff had been forced to carry out some tasks on paper.However, the hospital's chief executive Allen Stefanek, said that the incident had not affected the delivery or quality of patient care.
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising without a medical licence, and theft, after allegedly stealing and forging cheques from an elderly woman who sought treatment for stomach pain.Malachi Love-Robinson, 18, was arrested after examining and providing medical advice to an undercover police officer.He was released on bail on Wednesday.He has been accused of posing as a naturopathic doctor at the New Birth New Life Medical Center in West Palm Beach, Florida, where he is a licensed naturopath.According to the Palm Beach Post, he claims to suffer from the auto-immune disease lupus, while a
Here is Newsround's guide to what has been going on between the UK and the European Union.Back in 2013, British Prime Minister David Cameron promised that.
Homeowners hit by the flooding in December can apply for up to Â£5,000 from the government's Future Flood Prevention Funding scheme.
Bolton Wanderers owner John Holdsworth to take club into administration. Former Bolton striker John Holdworth is to take the Trotters into administration after beating takeover offers from banker Roger Tamraz and supporters' trust.
Paris Saint-Germain's £50 million defender David Luiz waved across the Parc des Princes pitch and then gestured with a thumbs upI was immensely proud for Jonathan CalderwoodA man raised just 'up the road' from me in Clough, County AntrimNext stop was the old Wembley Stadium in London, which coincided with his studies at Myrescough College, where he gained a National Diploma in Turf ScienceCalderwood went on to become head groundsman at Wolverhampton Wanderers before a move to Aston VillaDuring 15 successful years at Villa Park he picked up multiple turf related awards including
A new test has been developed by the British Heart Foundation and the MRC Clinical Sciences Centre in London that can detect the precise genetic abnormality causing a heart condition in one member of the family.Dr James Ware, a consultant cardiologistSpecialising in inherited heart conditions, said: "Without a genetic test we often have to keep the whole family under regular surveillance for many years. This is hugely costly for both the families and the health system.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has defended his side's performance against Ajax in the Europa League. Manchester United's manager Louis Van Gaal says his side were not good enough against Ajax last night.
Uber is available in more than 40 cities in China. It announced last year that it would expand into 100 Chinese cities over the.
Vietnam has called the reported move a "serious violation".China dismissed the reports as "hype", but said it had the right under international law.
A report has concluded that introducing a scheme "with a single percentage of affordable housing across Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions".
British army infantry troops spent less than 47% of their time on the Western Front between 1914 and 1918.While there, they spent one in five days fighting directly with their enemy, researchers found.They added trenches as shown in TV show Blackadder were.
South Africa v England: Sarah Taylor and Dane van Niekerk. Sarah Taylor (66) top-scored in England's 156-6 but South Africa reach 145-3 when the match is called off.
Skyscanner reported revenues of Â£120m for 2015, up 28% on the previous year.
Football ticket-touting laws are being flouted, according to the Football Supporters Federation (FSF).
Swaledale Ram helps form guard of honour for Premiership rugby match. The Mercian Regiment said Private Derby XXXI was officially selected by the Duke of Devonshire from his flock.
Fallujah, Iraq: A tribal leader in the Iraqi city of Fallujah has said that tribal fighters have joined the fight against Islamic State (IS) militants in the city.A tribal source told the BBC that the tribal fighters set fire to a building used by the militants.
David Cameron has agreed a deal with the leaders of the 27 EU member states to renegotiate Britain's membership of the European Union, the prime minister has said. David Cameron says the UK will be able to limit the number of EU migrants coming to live and work in the UK.The prime minister said he had achieved the reforms he wanted, claiming they would put the UK "in the driving seat" of one of the world's biggest markets and create a "more flexible" EU.We have permanently protected the pound and our right to keep it," he added, saying that, for the first time, the EU "
President Evo Morales will not be able to stand in presidential elections in 2019.The "No" camp had a narrow but irreversible lead over those favouring another term.
"At this time we still have to establish why the man was targeted. "Whether this was mistaken identity or a rumour, we do not know, but in any case to subject an elderly man in his home to this, is not just wrong, it was cowardly."
Michael Gove has joined the campaign to leave the European Union.He said the EU had "proved a failure on so many fronts" and he felt compelled to put his political convictions before loyalty to the PM.He is the most high-profile minister to declare for out so far.Four other cabinet ministers - Iain Duncan Smith, Chris Grayling, John Whittingdale and Theresa Villiers - have signed up.
Burn Burnley 1, Bolton Wanderers 2. Andre Gray (Burnley) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Fredrik Ulvestad with a headed pass following a corner.Substitution, Burnley.Rouwen Hennings replaces Andre Gray.Scott Arfield (Bolton Wanderers) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Foul by Gary Madine (Boron Wanderers).Ben Mee wins a free kick in the defensive half.Attempt missed. Conceded by Tom Heaton.Second Half ends,  Burnley 2
Newport County 1, Mansfield Town 0.Newport climb up to 19th in the table, eight points above the relegation zone, while Mansfield drop to ninth.Mansfield striker Matt Green hit the post as both sides struggled on a poor pitch in a goalless first half.Ryan Tafazolli had a goal disallowed for the Stags after the break, before Scott Boden fired in late on for his fifth goal in four games.Ryan had a shot from the centre of the box disallowed after being fouled by Scott Shearer, but the goal was ruled out for offside
Stoke City 2, Aston Villa 1. Marko Arnautovic scores a second-half penalty to give Stoke City a 2-1 win over Aston Villa at the Britannia Stadium. Stoke City's second victory in succession moves them up two places to eighth in the Premier League. Stoke's second win in succession sees them move two places up the table to eighth after beating Aston Villa. Stoke boss Mark Hughes: "The players did what they can. We tried to do our best but we started the second half too poorly.
Myrtle Cothill, from South Africa, has been cared for by her daughter in Dorset since coming to the UK in 2014She had been ordered to fly home on Tuesday but the Home Office has halted proceedings pending a medical reportLawyer Jan Doerfel said sending MrsCothill home, where she had no close family, was against her human rightsThe Home Office said its decision had been upheld by two separate immigration tribunals and the suspension of her expulsion from the UK was only temporaryImmigration lawyer Mr Doerful said: "If they don't reconsider, we'll have to see what the appeal rights
AB AB de Villiers smashed 71 off 29 balls and Hashim Amla an unbeaten 69 off 38 as the hosts chased down 172 with 5.2 overs to spare.
Welsh Labour leader Nia Griffith says her party offers "investment in Wales, versus cuts from Westminster" by the Tories.
Premier League: Tottenham 2-1 Swansea. Tottenham secure a sixth successive Premier League victory to keep the pressure on Premier League leaders Leicester. Tottenham beat Swansea at White Hart Lane to keep their hopes of a first league title since 1961.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has been declared the winner of the country's presidential election, with opposition leader Kizza Besigye saying he is under house arrest.The election has been marred by sporadic violence and opposition allegations of electoral fraud, with social media sites and messaging apps blocked.Uganda's old guard tries new election tacticsUgandans have been barred from voting for more than two weeks, with the opposition accusing the government of rigging the vote.The opposition said it was "shocked" by the results, which were announced on Saturday night.Mr MusevenI, in power for 30
Boris Boris de Pfeffel Johnson was born in New York and he held US citizenship until 2006. Descended from Turkish, French and German stock he describes himself as a "one-man melting pot".His great-grandfather, Ali Kemal, briefly served as an interior minister in the Ottoman Empire.The son of a diplomat and Conservative Member of the European Parliament, he was educated at Eton College, where he was senior to Mr Cameron.He was elected to the House of Commons as a Conservative in the 1997 general election. He was re-elected in the 2005 general election and again in the 2010 election.
Iain Duncan Smith, in what he said was his first interview on Europe in 10 years, has just told me that staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of an appalling attack like the terrorist killings in Paris, while the prime minister was on the TV sofa this morning saying that we are safer in the union.This is the new, if temporary reality: cabinet ministers disagreeing totally with each other on the record, and in public. Traditionally unthinkable, certainly risky, and difficult to control.Plenty of disagreements are spilling out into the public domain now.After lots of speculation, Boris Johnson has just declared he'll
Syria's civil war: Sayyida Zeinab and Homs blasts kill at least 120. At least 120 people have been killed in two separate attacks in Syria's capital Damascus and the city of Homs, according to a monitoring group.
The FBI has ordered Apple to disable the security software on a dead murderer's iPhone but the tech giant has refused.Mark Zuckerberg said he did not believe the authorities should have backdoors to bypass encryption protection.However, a lawyer representing some of the gunman's victims has backed the federal bureau.Stephen Larson, a former judge, said he intended to file legal paperwork next month telling Apple to co-operate."They were targeted by terrorists, and they need to know why, how this could happen," he added.He declined to say how many of the victims he was representing, but did add that he would not be charging them
Saudi Arabia and Iran go on trial over spy ring. Saudi Arabia's Specialised Criminal Court in the capital Riyadh has opened a trial of 32 people accused of spying for Iran. The defendants face charges including treason, establishing a spy ring with Iranian intelligence and passing on sensitive data.
Derby County striker Steve Martin says it is not a time to celebrate after winning their first league game of the season. Derby County forward Steve Martin admits he feels a lot lighter with that monkey off his back after scoring his second goal in 19 games.
Something Wicked this Way Comes, shown on a Sunday morning, featured the illusionist putting a plastic bag over his head and walking on broken glass.Broadcasting watchdog Ofcom said children could have imitated Brown's "clearly dangerous behaviour".It received five complaints about the show, which aired on UKTV's Watch channel on 6 December.UKTV said the programme was broadcast in error and was unsuitable for a pre-watershed transmission.
Jared Payne is continuing his rehab and the hope is that he will train fully tomorrow.
Boris Johnson's intervention is a "serious setback" for the prime minister, despite the mayor's pledge not to go up against Mr Cameron in any television debates.Olivier Bories dubs Mr Johnson the "man of the moment for Brexit" in French Catholic daily La Croix, saying that the London mayor is, "despite his constantly dishevelled blonde mop, a politician to be taken very seriously".Like other commentators, Mr Bories highlights Mr Johnson's high media profile, but also recalls his record of gaffes at home and abroad.Nonetheless, he does not doubt that his "carefully timed
Ro Rovers boss Ian Clarke says he does not fear for his job. Rovers manager Ian Clarke tells BBC Points West: "As it stands at the minute the owner's fully behind me."
World T20 2014: Scotland and Ireland face Afghanistan and Oman in Dharamsala. Ireland and Scotland are in Group A of the Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier tournament in India, while Scotland face Afghanistan in Nagpur on the opening day. England and Ireland are in the same group as defending champions Sri Lanka, West Indies and South Africa in the women's T20 tournament. England will play Afghanistan and Ireland in the first two Group A matches of the 2014 Women's Cricket World Twenty 20 Qualifier in India.
Lyon Lyon 2-1 Paris Saint-GermainMaxwell Cornet controlled Alexandre Lacazette's pass to drive in an openerSergi Darder added an exquisite second on half-time, controlling Rafael's cross and flicking it past Kevin TrappDespite Lucas Moura's steered finish, PSG lost their first league game since last March, but still have a 23-point lead at the topLaurent Blanc's side had not lost a league match since a 3-2 defeat at Bordeaux 11 months earlier, but looked off the pace and struggled without the creative influence of injured winger Angel di
Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London, announced on Sunday that he would be backing the campaign for Britain to leave the EUHis intervention in the debate - made, as he termed it, with "deafening eclat" - was even said to have helped cause the pound to slide on the international money markets as traders thought it made the possibility of a so-called Brexit more likelyHe has arguably the highest profile of any of the governing Conservative Party except the Prime Minister David Cameron, but those outside the UK may be wondering: who is he, and is that actually his hair?Read on.Profile: Boris JohnsonHow could
Facebook has released a map of the population of the world's 20 countries, using artificial intelligence software to scan satellite imagery and identify human-built structures.It hopes to use the information to determine where internet-beaming drones would best be deployed.But it suggests others could also make use of the maps. Facebook said it had analysed 14.6 billion satellite images covering 20 countries. This had resulted in 350TB of data.
Scotland Office minister Lord Dunlop was speaking as the House of Lords debated the Scotland Bill.
Napoli, chasing their first league title since 1990, drew 0-0 at Bologna on Friday
Aodhan Woods was just 17 when he was tied up, locked in a cupboard and subjected to several sexual assaults.Now 19, he has waived his right to anonymity as his attackers were jailed.Darren Fu, of Drumart Walk in Belfast, will spend half of his 11-year sentence in jail.His co-accused who cannot be named got six years, half on licence.The attack took place on 30 May, 2014 when Mr Woods called to Fu's flat in the Stranmillis area of Belfast.A previous hearing in the case was told Fu had ordered him to sell drugs and he was
Colchester United 2-1 Bradford CityColchester United beat Bradford City to secure a double against the Bantams this season.
Coventry 2-1 Barnsley. Coventry City are beaten by a second-half goal from Barn's Josh Fletcher as the Tykes remain seventh in the Sky Bet Championship.The Tykes went ahead inside the opening 10 minutes when Roberts converted Conor Hourihane's corner.
Ross County 2-1 Kilmarnock. Alex Schalk's header and Brian Graham's last-minute lob seal Ross County's victory over a struggling home side at Rugby Park. Ross County boss Lee Clark's side slip to an eighth home Premiership defeat.
Grimsby Town 3-3 Aldershot Town. Grrimsby Town earn three points with a late goal from Jon Nolan to earn them all three points and keep them third in the Championship.
A backpacker from Dorset who was backpacking in Thailand has been reported missing, her mother has said.The family filed a missing person report to Dorset Police on 21 February.Then on 22 February, Ms Taylor contacted her family, who booked her a flight home, although her mother said she did not board the flight.Sam Taylor said her daughter had called from Ao Nang in Krabi province.Mrs Taylor said Grace Taylor was "very stressed and frightened saying that people were trying to hurt her and were following her and she wanted to come home".
Noble reports its annual results on Thursday."Long-end crude prices have fallen by almost 40% over a very short period of time," Noble, Asia's biggest commodities trader by volume, said in a statement."Crude, besides being the benchmark for the energy sector, is also a key driver of the cost curves for coal miners via their consumption of fuel. In addition, the Paris COP21 agreement raises the probability of future substitution away from coal.""The combination of these factors, combined with a growing concern about weaker economic growth globally and especially in China has had a knock on effect on consensus estimates of future coal prices".
Alex McLeish signs with Zamalek to replace former Tottenham striker Mido. Alex Mcleish has signed with Egyptian Premier League club ZAMALEEK to take over as manager from former manager Omar Mido.
Celtic fined by UEFA after fans set off fireworks in Turkey. Celtic have been fined by European football's governing body Uefa for setting off fireworks during their Champions League group game against Turkey.
The West End singer and presenter has previously won two Oliviers - for best actor in a musical in 2008 for Hairspray and in 2013 for Sweeney Todd.
Slugs are slimy and enjoy squeezing into tight spaces so the trackers need to be placed inside the slugs themselves just under the skin. The slugs are anaesthetised before a small cut is made in the skin and the tracker inserted. The tracker itself is smaller than a grain of rice.The slugs I saw were implanted a month ago and seemed happy. In the lab it appears neither slug movement or appetite is affected.
Rugby League: Josh Garbutt banned for two games by the Rugby Football League for punching opponent James Tamou.
The company was cooperating fully with the investigation, the force added.
Turkish prosecutors and security officials said DNA tests had identified the bomber as Abdulbaki Somer, born in the eastern Turkish city of Van.Last week's bombing killed 29 people, at least 20 of them military personnel.
Home Depot sales rose 9.5% to almost $21bn (£14.9bn) between November and January compared with the same period in the previous year.
The Diocese of St Davids said it was "obliged by law" to charge market-value rent.
Kerber loses to Bencic at Fed Cup. Germany's Angelique Kerber lost to China's Zheng Saisai Zheng in the third round of the WTA Finals in Warsaw.
A US jury has found Johnson & Johnson liable for fraud, negligence and conspiracy in a case over the use of talc in baby powder and other cosmetics. A jury has awarded $62m (£62m) in damages to the family of a woman who died of ovarian cancer after a US jury found the company liable for negligence and fraud. The jury at the end of the three-week trial was the first time damages have been awarded in a US trial over talc claims. A verdict has been handed down by a jury in the United States over a case involving talc and ovarian cancer. The jury in Ms Fox
No-one should be allowed to rewrite the history of the Troubles: David Cameron. The Prime Minister has said he would consider a question in the House of Commons from Democratic Unionist Party MP Nigel Dodds.
The NHS has announced changes to the heavily criticised and regularly overspent Cancer Drugs Fund, which pays for drugs it deems unaffordable.
Peterborough United boss Steve Westley: 'They're falling short of the standards that they're capable of'
South Africa's finance minister Pravin Gordhan was cautiously optimistic and realistic about the challenges facing the country.He conceded the economy was struggling with shrinking growth, 25% unemployment, and widespread poverty.The South African currency, the rand, which has halved over the past five years, fell after the speech.It dropped 2.25% to make one rand worth around $0.0639.The rand weakened after he had finished speaking which suggests the markets are not convinced that the minister has a recovery plan that will lift growth and convince the ratings agencies before they take a decision around May or June.The markets
Egyptian geese are often seen on ornamental ponds as well as gravel pits, lakes and wetlands, with the north Norfolk coast holding the highest numbers
Catherine - also known as the Countess of Strathearn in Scotland - joined dozens of school pupils and teachers at a tennis workshop hosted by Ms Murray in Edinburgh.
Coshever was given an eight-week sentence, suspended for 12 months.
Algeria transfer news: Lille striker Mohamed Benzia to play for Desert Foxes. Algerian striker Mohamed Benia has decided to sign for Lille from Ligue 1 rivals Lille, the Algerian football authority says.
It will make its first journey in ten years along the East Coast mainline.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter to stand down amid corruption crisis. Fifa's election process is expected to begin at 12:00 GMT, but several rounds of voting may be required before a winner is known.Fifa's election will be held on Friday at the organisation's headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland, with the first round of voting expected to take place at midnight.The election will take place in Zurich's Hallenstadion venue, where the organisation holds its annual congress.Media playback is not supported on this device
The teenage son of the driver spent a month in an induced coma after suffering life-threatening injuries.
Ardglass golfer Sean Sharvin three shots off the lead in Australia. Ardglass's Sean Shirvin shoots a seven-under-par 65 to take a three-stroke lead after the first round of the Australian Open.
Blackburn Rovers boss Paul Dunn keen on winter break. Former Blackburn midfielder Paul Dunn has called for a winter break to be introduced into English football. Blackburn manager Paul Dunn says he is looking forward to learning from Alan Irvine and Rob Kelly.
Council leader Jenny Laing said protecting frontline services and jobs was the budget priority.
Cryptography was once controlled by the state and deployed only for military and diplomatic ends. But in the 1970s, cryptographer Whitfield Diffie devised a system which took encryption keys away from the state, and marked the start of the so-called "Crypto Wars". In 1975, he devised "public key cryptography", which revolutionised encryption."The basic techniques we used until public key cryptography come from around 1500 in the western world, and were known from about 800 in the Middle East."They are basically arithmetic. Not ordinary integer arithmetic, but something like clock arithmetic - it's 11 o'clock and you wait
Stacey Flounders said she did not see a future in their relationship.The 26-year-old is the mother of Mr Johnson's one year-old daughter.She told the jury she had stayed with him after his arrest "because he was honest with me and I knew he was telling the truth".She said he first told her he was going to plead guilty around September last year.Mr Johnson began his football career at Middlesbrough before moving to Manchester City and then on to Sunderland in 2012.He has previously pleaded guilty to one count of sexual activity with a child and one charge of grooming.But he denies
India and Pakistan have not played a Test series since 2007 due to fallout from the terrorist attacks
House masters, in charge of residential halls at the university, will become known as "faculty deans".
England coach Eddie Jones says he wants his players to target players they think are weak. Eddie Jones has said he wants England to target weak defenders in their game against Ireland because he believes they are "weak". England boss Eddie Jones claims his players have been targeting weak defenders since Adam Jones was a boy. England manager Eddie Jones insists his players will target weak players in their match against Ireland at Twickenham because they think they are weak.Jones said that he wanted England to be "brutal" but legal in his first match since taking charge of England in November.He said: "It's not illegal to
Six Nations: England women: Katie Mason (Bristol); Lydia Thompson (Worcester), Lauren Cattell (Saracens)
Haverfordwest councillors have voted in favour of another consultation over the future of education in the town.
Tata is making 1,050 people redundant, including 750 at its Port Talbot site.
Former England cricketer Jamie Lewis to speak to young cricketers. Former England player Jamie Lewis will speak to younger cricket players about the pitfalls that can be faced in a professional career in modern-day sport.
Donald Trump: 'You're the only person on this stage that's ever been fined for hiring people to work on your projects illegally'. I've hired tens of thousands of people over my job. You've had nothing but problems with your credit cards."Mr Trump has been extremely popular despite his controversial comments about deporting millions of undocumented workers and banning Muslims from travelling to the US.He is currently leading in 10 out of 11 states holding contests on Super Tuesday when a quarter of the total numbers of delegates needed to secure the Republican nomination will be up for grabs.He has 82 Republican party delegates, Mr Cruz has 17
Forest Green boss Ady Pennock:Media playback is not supported on this device
The expedition members to the Mawson research station after weather conditions improved.Thirty-one crew members remain onboard to refloat the vessel.
The Irish Independent is a newspaper in Dublin, Ireland.The paper has sold its current premises on Royal Avenue
The final four members of an international organised crime group have been found guilty of conspiracy to burgle. A gang of four men has been convicted of a string of high-profile thefts, including the theft of Chinese artefacts and a rhino horn, in a series of raids across the UK.The gang was brought to justice after a four-year covert national investigation - operation Griffin - led by officers from Durham and Cambridgeshire, supported by the National Crime Agency and the National Police Chiefs Council.The case can now be reported after the final four were found guilty at Birmingham Crown Court.The men, from Cam
Rotherham brothers Arshid, Bannaras and Basharat Hussain were found guilty by a jury of 50 offences. A gang of three brothers have been found guilty of raping and sexually assaulting women under the age of 14.Arshid was also convicted of false imprisonment and conspiracy to procure a woman under 21 to become a common prostitute.Basharat was convicted of two counts of conspiracy to rape.
More was spent using this technology last year than during the previous seven years combinedAbout half of all debit and credit cards are fitted with contactless capabilityThis allows shoppers to spend up to £30 on their card by placing it next to a sensor in a shop, without the need to enter a four-digit PinOne in 13 purchases was on contactless during the whole year, but use grew to one in eight by DecemberOne of the most common ways to use the technology is on the London Underground network, where more than a million journeys a day are paid for by placing credit and debit cards next to sensors when entering and exiting stationsTrans
The young woman and her diving buddy were exploring the wreck of sunken cargo ship near Lochaline.
Glen Evans was left with a broken nose and his bride Georgina was punched at Fanhams Hall Hotel in Hertfordshire, St Albans Crown Court heard.
Kent County Football Club report a loss of £142,659 for the 2012/13 financial year. Kent County football club have reported a net loss of just short of £1m for the 2013/14 financial year, with a net asset value of £7.7m.
Find out more about all the candidates in the London elections
The dean of the University of Texas School of Architecture has said guns should not be allowed on university grounds.Texas passed the legislation last year and it goes into effect in August.Many higher education officials and students have objected to the law, with concerns it may discourage students from attending universities in Texas.Supporters of the law argue it is "critical" to self-defence and upholding constitutional rights.
Joseph Murphy was shot at a military barracks in Ballymurphy, west Belfast, in August 1971 and died 13 days later in hospital.
Six Nations 2015: Sam Warburton says England are'some of the toughest Test matches I've been involved in'. Wales flanker Sam Warburyton says he expected a Mexican wave to break out in the stands at Twickenham after his side beat France in Cardiff.
Burnley 1, Blackburn Rovers 0: Clarets hold on to win at Turf Moor. Michael Keane (Burnley) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Scott Arfield.Foul by Elliott Bennett (Blackburn Rovers).Attempt missed.Attempt blocked.Michael Keane is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Elliott Bennett wins a free kick in the defensive half.Michael Arfield (Burnyard) is shown a yellow card.Rouwen Hennings wins a foul on the left wing.Michael Kane (
Luton Town 2-0 Leyton Orient. Jack Marriott scores the opening goal of the game to give Luton a 1-0 victory over League One Orient at Kenilworth Road.Media playback is not supported on this device Luton boss Nathan Jones on Jack Marriott's goalMedia playback Is it a platform?
Stoke City 2-2 Chelsea. Stoke City equalise after Mame Diouf headed home from 20 yards out to give his side a 1-1 draw with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.Stoke boss Mark Hughes said: "We're grateful to equalise but we deserved more from the game. It was an excellent away performance - we took the game to Chelsea.Media playback is not supported on this device "I was a bit surprised with their team. I thought they had a chance to get in the Champions League."We have rested one or two players but it's good to see the players who came in, especially the young
Tor Torquay United 2-1 AFC Wimbledon. Nathan Smith scores an 82nd-minute winner after a goalmouth scramble to earn Torque United's fourth successive win.
The UK's EU referendum: All you need to knowEU vote: Where the cabinet and other MPs standEU reform deal: What Cameron wanted and what he gotUKIP leader Nigel Farage said the G20 announcement was "no surprise" as it was "mates helping each other out"."I'm not surprised that big government gets together to support David Cameron," he added. "This is big banks, big business, big government all scratching each other's backs. I don't think that impresses voters."
The bodies were found by police and paramedics after they were called to the house on Station Road in Shirebrook at about 22:10 GMT on Friday
Saido is as good for us as they are, says Baggies boss Pulis Saido Berahino, who apologised on Friday for threatening to go on strike, scored the third in a 3-2 win over Crystal Palace. It was the 22-year-old's first goal in the Premier League since October."If you take Kane out of Tottenham's team or Vardy out of Leicester's, they leave massive holes.
Jason Bohn, ranked world number 71, had chest pains following the second round and called for a medicHe was taken by ambulance to Palm Beach Gardens Medical Center, where tests revealed a mild heart
Inverness 2-1 Dundee. Dundee manager Paul Hartley says his side could have won that game 5-1 if they had scored more in the second half. Invernedess manager Neil Hughes feels his side were second to every ball and that gives Dundee the impetus to get on it and play.
The UK is lagging behind many European nations when installing fibre optic cables that enable the fastest broadband connections.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murder. A teenager has died after being stabbed on Stothard Road, Lockleaze, Somerset.
SWPL League Cup, first round: Aberdeen 5-0 Jeanfield Swifts, Rangers and Spartans.
Cust Custody sergeant Jan Kingshott denies manslaughter. A custody sergeant has denied manslaughter over the death of a man in custody.Thomas Orchard, 32, died in October 2012 after being arrested in Exeter.Mr Orchard was pronounced dead seven days after the incident in hospital
England's Big Picture: How to submit a picture. If you have a picture you would like to share, please see below the images for details on how to submit yours.
Bakehouse Close and Riddle's Close - once home to philosopher David Hume - are among those selected for a makeover by Edinburgh World Heritage.
Barcelona can restore their eight-point advantage and set a Spanish football record if they win at Rayo Vallecano on Thursday
Rob Herring, Marshall and O'Connor are available to face Zebre on Friday.
The pair pleaded guilty to possession, supply and importation of Class A and Class B drugs.
Justice Clarence Thomas has said he prefers not to "badger" lawyers as they present their arguments in court.
NHS Highland asked people to avoid the site last week.
Judge James Orenstein said the Act was not applicable in this case, adding that it was not right to impose "on Apple the obligation to assist the government's investigation against its will".
Forty workers have been made redundant at Nelson Packaging's factory in Lancashire.Managing director Michael Flynn said it was mainly due to "the English bag legislation and corresponding impact on customer.
Nico Rosberg (Ger) Mercedes 1:23.0222 Fernando Alonso (Spa) McLaren 1:24.7secs slower than Valtteri Bottas.
Two women lost a leg and three other people were seriously hurt when their carriage hit a stationary carriage on the Smiler ride on 2 June.
Some are also angry at attempts to destroy it.
The interior of the Saab 340 that flies to and from Orkney was stripped out and renewed and the exterior repainted at a cost of almost £270,000
Active travel will be promoted in school lessons, public health campaigns and investment decisions, backed up by monitored targets.
Firefighters tackled the blaze, which started just before 21:00 on Monday in Carron Valley.
A US lifeline for death row dog Stella has been provided by a rescue centre in Connecticut.Stella was seized by Devon and Cornwall Police in 2014 and kept in a cage without exercise.A campaign to save Stella has gained momentum with more than 20,000 signatures on combined petitions.Police said the dog was "deemed too dangerous to walk due to her aggressive behaviour".Nicole Bruck, from the pit bull rescue centre Animals R Family based in Connecticut said: "We will take Stella and fly her to the US at our cost."Stella's owner Anthony Hastie had 21 days to appeal a destruction order
Wales boss Warren Gatland defends style of victory over France. Wales coach Huw Jenkins says the style of his side's win over France was a bit baffling, but it is Wales isn't it.
Learning Partnership West runs job clubs, provides mentoring and support and manages adventure playgrounds in a Â£3m contract from Bristol City Council.A dozen whistleblowers raised issues including concerns Nicola Burcham's leadership created a "culture of fear".One said: "She coined the term 'freeze and squeeze'. It would start with totally ignoring someone. Then excessive performance management and finally the person would be managed out."Appointments were often made with a heavy bias towards black and minority ethnics - particularly young black males."No one had a good experience of how they were treated by her.
Fly-tipping: Augustin Dobre and Ionut Muti caught on CCTV in a council probe into illegal dumping on Priory Road, Aston
Spain's Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez has lost a confidence vote in the Spanish parliament, leaving the country in limbo.A vote will be held on Friday. If it is unsuccessful, parliament will have a further two months to choose a government.
South Korea's National Assembly has ended a 24-hour filibuster of a controversial bill that has delayed the passage of a number of important bills. South Korean lawmakers have ended a filibuster that lasted 24 hours, breaking a world record of 57 hours, as they tried to block an anti-terrorism bill.South Korea's parliament has finally ended a record-breaking filibuster that saw lawmakers talk for 24 hours non-stop.The filibuster was spearheaded by main opposition party Minjoo which was joined by other smaller parties, and began last Tuesday, 23 February.They would have succeeded if they had managed to hold out until the end of
Arlene, who was 15 and from Castlederg in County Tyrone, went missing after a night out in County Donegal in 1994.The main suspect in her disappearance, Robert Howard, died in prison last year.A coroner's inquest into the disappearance of Arlene has heard how she became more protective of her sister after an incident when Arlene was abused by a man in 1993.The man was jailed for that assault.Their mother had died three years earlier.Ms Arkinson also said she felt Howard's trial in 2005 for Arlene's murder was mishandled because the jury was unaware of his many convictions
The Fraser of Allander Institute reckons that growth this year will be 1.9%, the same as its forecast for last year, for which official data has not been finalised.That is a reduction on the 2.2% forecast for 2016.
Taylor produced career-best figures of 6-61 in Derbyshire's Championship loss to Lancashire last April
The number of serious injuries rose from 507 to 514 in the year up to September 2015.
Mike Young Productions has produced a feature-length animation, Norm Of The North, and his next film project is close to his heart - about a former legend with his beloved Cardiff City football club.The film, which includes voices from actors Rob Schneider and Bill Nighy, got its Welsh premiere at the Market Hall cinema in Brynmawr, Blaenau Gwent, earlier this week.
Bournemouth's Neil Friend is out of action after being injured in the first half against Southampton. Southampton boss Ronald Koeman says Neil Friend fell against the dugout, with his nose and then fell to the ground.
Australian author Helen Garner has won the prestigious Windham-Campbell Prize, one of the world's richest literary awards, for her body of non-fiction work.
Toshiba is hoping for loans of up to 250bn yen ($2.2bn; Â£1.6bn), said Nikkei daily.
Two other people - a man and a woman - were seriously injured and were taken to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh
Domino's Pizza Group says online orders in the UK rose by nearly 29% last year and app-based orders shot up by more than 41%.
Sarah Tait was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2013.
Exeter City have declared a total profit of £1.642m for 2014-15, mainly due to the sale of midfielder Matt Grimes.
The latest Markit/CIPS services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 52.7 last month, down from January's reading of 55.6.Any figure above 50 means expansion, but the rise in service sector activity was the weakest since March 2013.The service sector accounts for more than three-quarters of the UK economy.
A court heard how her Staffordshire Bull Terrier, Nipper, bit the postman on the leg leaving […].
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies defended his party from criticism that it simply opposes Labour policies rather than putting forward its own programme for government.
How does today's technology compare with that from 30 years ago?We sent Ricky to the Centre for Computing History to try out some old school tech with some local kids.Take a look at how they got on.
The video, taken on the day Vinnie was put down, shows kennel staff playing with Vinnie while Stella rubs noses with the Rottweiler through the metal mesh. The BBC understands Vinnie had been trained as a guard dog and police said he was used to attack three people in 2013. He was seized and placed in kennels but the court process took two years before a destruction order was carried out around 26 July 2015.
US Chastain, 47, announced on Thursday she would be donating her brain to Boston University, which is leading studies into the effects of multiple concussions and chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE)
Holyrood's coffee was raised during questions about staff and services at the Edinburgh buildingLinda Fabiani suggested the complainers could use.
Vincent Ryan, 25, was shot dead in Finglas in Dublin on Monday after he had dropped off his partner and five-month-old baby
Japan's Nikkei 225 closed 0.3% higher at 17,014.78.
Leeds Bradford Airport suspended all morning flights but has since reopened.The airport apologised and said de-icing was the responsibility of airlines and their ground teams.
Adam Burton, 23, and a French tourist were removed from Machu Picchu
To Pimp A Butterfly was nominated for best rap album at this year's Grammys, but lost out on the main prize, album of the year, to Taylor Swift's 1989. Kendrick Lamar's new album Untitled Unmastered has been released on all major streaming services including Spotify, Apple Music and Google Play.
The UN says there were 69 sexual abuse allegations against peacekeepers in 2015, up from 52 in 2014 and 66 in 2013.Almost a third of the 2015 claims were made in the Central African Republic.
Alan was the Syrian three-year-old whose photograph, lying dead on a Turkish beach, focused world attention on the refugee crisis in September.
The FBI has ordered Apple to assist it with unlocking an iPhone used by San Bernadino gunman Syed Farook.Prince Al Hussein said the law enforcement agency "deserves everyone's full support" in its investigation.However, encryption was essential in the interests of freedom, he added."There are many ways to investigate whether or not these killers had accomplices besides forcing Apple to create software to undermine the security features of their own phones," he said in a statement."It is potentially a gift to authoritarian regimes, as well as to criminal hackers."Encryption and anonymity are needed as enablers of both freedom of expression and
Man arrested on suspicion of murder after woman's death. A brother of a woman who was burnt to death in a house fire in Stockport has been arrested in connection with the death of her sister. The 49-year-old victim was airlifted to hospital with 70% burns after the attack on Monday.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has launched a consultation to replace a system she says is "outdated, inefficient and unfair".The funding shake-up will also remove local authorities from the process, with cash going directly to heads.Mrs Morgan says schools need funding that "genuinely matches their need".She says the plans will ensure money goes "straight to the frontline", but it will mark a further reduction in the link between local authorities and schools.For local authority schools, including the majority of primary schools, there will be a two year transition period, in which funding will cease to be distributed through councils.Councils will have
Atletico Madrid 3-1 Valencia. Former Liverpool and Chelsea striker Fernando Torres scores the decisive goal on 72 minutes as Atletico move within eight points of leaders Barcelona.
Davis Cup: Kei Nishikori and Dan Evans level at 1-1 in Birmingham. Britain's Davis Cup tie with Japan will be decided on Saturday in Birmingham as the hosts take on Japan in the first round of the World Group tie at the Birmingham International Tennis Centre. Britain will play Japan in their first Davis Cup singles match since winning the title in November last year. Britain are defending the title they regained last November.
Brazil's Attorney-General, Rodrigo Janot, has asked the Supreme Court to open an investigation into Lula's alleged involvement in the multi-billion dollar scandal that has already seen dozens of lawmakers arrested.Here we look at the accusations in more detail and how the once popular ex-leader came to be linked to the allegations.
Vithiya Alphons, 24, has acute myeloid leukaemia but her Sri Lankan background makes the search hard as not many South Asian people are on donor registers.
Exeter Crown Court: Rick Edwards, of Higher Green, South Brent, was given a 12-month jail term suspended for two years. A 20-year-old man has been jailed for starting a fire that destroyed the former Pontins resort at Brixham.
Jaeseok Lee, 40, collapsed at an address in High Street, New Malden, at about 01:20 GMT on Wednesday
The vaccine is being developed by scientists at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, and is expected to be available to pregnant women in November.The vaccine is currently being tested in a small number of people to confirm how effective it is. If the vaccine is found to be safe with no concerning side effects, the drug will be given to a larger group of people.If a link if confirmed, and a vaccine is developed quickly - health authorities will look into whether to add it to childhood vaccines, a bit like the rubella vaccine, which also protects girls/ women if they have babies later in life.You can follow @t
David Scully put Harps ahead on 45 minutes. Former Derry player Ryan Curran strode through the Candystripes defence unhindered to double the lead on 75.
Challenge Cup: Panthers keep alive title hopes with win over Devils.
Wigan 2-2 Colchester. Wigan draw 3-2 at Colchester thanks to Alistair Grigg's injury-time goal.
Swindon Town 2-2 Millwall. Millwall manager Neil Harris says he is "back-to-the-wall" after conceding a late penalty in the 94th minute to see off a 2-0 defeat at home by relegation-threatened Swansea.Millwall remain fifth and have gone five games without defeat, while Swansea drop to 14th.
Cheltenham 2-0 Woking. Dan Holman celebrates his third goal in the National League with Asa Hall after the Robins striker opened the scoring by latching onto Danny Wright's cross, before combining with Hall again to double his tally from close range.Dan Holman scores a hat-trick to help Cheltonham to a 3-0 win over Woking and move to second in the scoring charts on 23 goals.
El Bakhtaoui scores twice to put Ayr United 2-0 ahead.
The sign - on the Beeston-bound platform of the Queen's Medical Centre stop - points commuters towards the "Univeristy Of Nottingham".The error could have been there for "seven to eight months", it is estimated.People were quick to condemn the "unfortunate error", captured by a BBC journalist.It follows another spelling mishap spotted on a sign last July on the network, which stated "Chillwell Road" rather than Chilwell Road."Absolute joke - what is happening with the world," Melanie Winskill wrote on BBC Radio Nottingham's Facebook page.Gill Bennett pondered:
Snow is expected even at low levels in northern Scotland and other areas could see 2cm fall on higher ground.
Two men have been arrested after a teenager was found with stab wounds in Wolverhampton and a shotgun was fired twice in nearby Deveron Close.
Harry was born with biliary atresia, which meant he had blocked bile ducts.He had a transplant before his first birthday but that liver had begun to fail, so a second one was required.Harry underwent the operation on Thursday at Birmingham Children's Hospital and Mr Maceachen was operated on at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in the city.His grandmother said: "I used to look after him (Harry) three days a week when his mother went back to teaching and he got to know me very well."I think we've got a special bond.
Steve McClaren: Newcastle United sack manager after just six Premier League games in charge. Newcastle United have announced the sacking of Steve McClaren as manager of Premier League strugglers Newcastle United, who are just one place off the foot of the table. Newcastle have sacked manager Steve McClaren, who has won just six of his 28 Premier League matches in charge of the Magpies, after the club were booed off following Saturday's 3-1 loss to Bournemouth at St James' Park.
Hibs controlled much of the opening half, but fell behind to Michael Gardyne's goal after he broke free of Mark Oxley and Liam Fontaine.Fontaine redeemed himself, scoring Hibs' equaliser just before half-time.However, it was the defender's poor clearance that allowed Schalk to score the winning goal at the death.Jim McIntyre opted to line his side up in a 3-5-2 shape that they had not used before this season, but which the coaching staff had seen other sides use well against Hibs this season.
French-based Sanofi closed its drug manufacturing site in Fawdon in 2015.
Two teenage boys and a man were taken to hospital after being stabbed in Colchester.
John Lennon's first letter is to be auctioned at an online auction. A letter written by John Lennon to his Aunt Harriet in 1951 has been sold at an auction. The letter, penned by Lennon when he was 11 years old, thanks his aunt Harriet for presents she gave him, including a book about ships.
Rangers v CelticHibernian or Inverness Caledonian Thistle v Dundee UnitedTies to be played on the weekend of 16/17 April
Wales Devils lose Challenge Cup to Nottingham Panthers in overtime. Cardiff Devils lose their Challenge Cup crown after a 1-0 overtime loss in the final of the final against Nottingham Panthers. Wales Devils goalkeeper Andrew Bowns says his side need to get their legs back to their best to win the Challenge Cup.
Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf!
London Underground's Night Tube service has been delayed because of failure to reach agreement with the unions over pay and conditions.The service was due to start on some lines at weekends last September.
Foredowne Boarding Kennel is facing allegations about how dogs, seized by Devon and Cornwall Police and placed there, were kept without exercise.The licensing authority, Teignbridge Council, said it was investigating.
Jade Ali, 28, said she had been "left in the dark" about the search for partner Christopher Huxtable, 34.He is one of three men believed to be trapped under the debris of the decommissioned power station.
This time he's explaining the difference between deficit and debt.
Children's mental health services in England are struggling to get the best care, according to NHS England.The Department of Health said it would invest an additional £143m in the services in the next financial year.But the body representing mental health trusts says it has seen little of even that reduced amount.It doesn't seem to have turned into posts on the front line. We are not hearing any reports of any significant investment at a local level around children's services. Indeed, some services are still experiencing cuts in services.
One person has died in a car crash involving a tank in Norway as part of a large-scale military exercise, police and military police say.The crash happened on Monday in Nord Troendelag county, 700km north of Oslo. One person is dead after a concertinaed car collided with a tank during a military exercise in Norway.
F1 in 1976 was all about Hunt and Lauda, the flamboyant British playboy and the methodical but brilliant Austrian.Although the two men got on well, conflict and argument was never far away.Lauda had a 26-point lead when the cars went to Brands Hatch for the British Grand Prix in July but Hunt had won the previous race in France and had his points for finishing first in Spain reinstated after he had initially been disqualified.A record crowd descended on the Kent circuit on a scorching day to roar Hunt on, but it appeared that his race was over when his McLaren was damaged in
Alice Pyne, 17, of Ulverston, died of Hodgkin's lymphoma in 2013 after publishing her wish list.
The DUP MP said those arguing to stay in the EU were raising concerns over border operations and border posts if a UK exit happened.He also said some were arguing that Northern Ireland would "descend back into violence" if Brexit took place.He said that was "the second time today" and he looked to the committee chairman Lawrence Robertson and said: "You have to control that member."As Dr McDonnell left the room he knocked over his chair.South Belfast MP Alasdair McDonnell walked out of the meeting suddenly after he appeared to take exception to a contribution from Labour MP Kate Hoey.During a discussion about the origins
The Dow Jones closed up 67.18 points at 17,073.95.
Hull City 1-1 Middlesbrough. Hull City substitute Yaya Aluko rescues a draw with a wonder goal from Gary Gardner to keep his side in the Championship play-offs. Hull City's Gary Gardner scores the equaliser in the second half to keep the Tigers in the play-off places. Hull manager Steve Bruce:Media playback is not supported on this device "It's really frustrating.
Iranian couple leave Cambodia. An Iranian couple who agreed to go from Nauru to Cambodia has left the detention centre on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea.
The PSNI's chief constable has said he does not think the force's link with the Irish police would suffer in the case of an exit from the EU.
Ac Ac i orffen, fedrwch chi adnabod y Ji-Binc?Pwyswch yma am yr ateb cywir ac enwau'r adar eraill.Nawr, rhaglen deledu arall o'r '80au - pa un yw'r Bilidowcar?Pa un o’r rhain yw Pioden y Môr?Y nod ydy helpu RSPB Cymru i ddeall beth sy'n digwydd i hoff adar gerddi Cym
England T20 World Cup squad: Liam Dawson and Reece Topley fly to Mumbai. England all-rounder Liam Dawson has flown to Mumbai with the squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Sri Lanka and South Africa.
The US said the strike, by both drones and manned aircraft, was aimed at preventing a "large-scale attack" by the al-Qaeda-linked militants.
County Championship cricket: ECB announces changes. The aim is to ensure that cricket retains its popularity beyond the time when the current ageing generation which watches Championship cricket has gone - by making it more attractive to the supporters of the future.
No one was injured as a result of this fire but we are treating this extremely seriously.
The ECB's deposit rate, which applies to money parked overnight by commercial banks, is now minus 0.4%. It is the first government among the G20 major economies to borrow money by issuing bonds for 10 years at an interest rate of less than zero. It's a much bigger economy than Switzerland, with a much larger government debt - much larger even in relation to its economy.The usual pattern with borrowing costs is the longer you borrow for the more you have to pay. So a negative 10-year cost is a striking thing.It's worth emphasising the distinction between the two contexts in which we have negative
Angela Merkel's political future - and her legacy, after a decade as German chancellor - are hanging in the balance.She faces three key regional elections this weekend, with polls predicting huge gains for the anti-immigrant AfD party.She needed something big and bold on migration, allowing her to avoid performing an awkward U-turn on her national policies but at the same time sending a clear message to the people of Germany that she has the situation in hand.Can the EU afford to close its eyes to the Turkish president's increasingly autocratic and arguably autocratic behaviour in its rush to do a migration deal with Turkey this week
Despite equal pay legislation being introduced in 1970 a gender pay gap still exists today.
Rezgar Zengana posed as a taxi driver to pick up his 25-year-old victim in Argyle Street before raping her at a flat in Cessnock
Anton Levin, 24, was stabbed at a house in Southend in November 2014. A man has been jailed for 16 years in connection with the murder of a 24-year-old man in Essex.
Tom Bravin dressed up as Father Christmas to distribute presents to over 4,500 underprivileged children around the city.
Gino Asquith was born at Calderdale and Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust on 9 November 2014, but died three days later.His mother, Sarah Ellis, had been sent home from the hospital.
Strachan has indicated a willingness to cap some of the country's young talents as he begins preparations for the 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign.
World Snooker Grand Prix: Peter Ebdon shocks Neil Robertson 4-3 at Venue Cymru. World number three Neil Robertson beats Neil Robertson to reach the quarter-finals of the Grand Prix at the Welsh Open in Wales. Ronnie O'Sullivan comes from 3-0 down to level the match before fellow Englishman Martin Holt takes the deciding frame.
The first annual "learning from mistakes league" uses feedback from staff on their freedom to speak when things go wrong.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that it is likely it will downgrade its current forecast of global growth when it next releases its economic predictions in April.
A total eclipse was visible in Australia, parts of South East Asia and the Pacific.
A Swedish couple adopted her when she was two-and-a-half years old and gave her a new life.Forty-two years later, she tracked down her biological mother and had an emotional reunion with the woman she had wondered about all her life.Speaking over the phone from her home in Helsingborg on the Sweden-Denmark border, she told the BBC that meeting her mother was "nothing less than a miracle"."My mother was 21 years old. She had been married to my father, a farmer, for three years when one day he came home after a fight with someone.He was very angry
Turkey is not a full member of the Geneva Convention. It does not offer Syrians asylum, only a lesser form of international protection. And other groups like Iraqis and Afghans don't even have that option in Turkey. So while returning Syrians is questionable, returning non-Syrians may be even more problematic. Even if all the legal issues are settled there remains the practical problem of how Greece would send back all those making the crossings. Desperate people, men, women and children would have to be rounded up, held and then transported back across the sea.In exchange for the mass returns, the EU is offering to take in
Dublin's City Hotel Group has gone into liquidation with the loss of 53 jobs. The closure of the city centre business is thought to have been one of the oldest stores in Europe.
Sir Jeffery Amherst was the commander-in-chief of the British army in pre-independence north America. He is said to have "both despised and hated his enemy" according to the historian Henry Morse Stephens.In a postscript to a fellow British officer Henry Bouquet, he appears to have written: "You will do well to try to inoculate the Indians by means of blankets, as well as to try every other method that can serve to extirpate this execrable race."I should be very glad your scheme for hunting them down by dogs could take effect, but England is at too
Torrential rain overnight left many roads impassable, while rail services were cancelled or delayedThe Environment Agency issued five flood warnings across the county.
I'm going to get back on a bike eventually, says Charlotte Williamson. Charlotte Williamson hopes to be back "easy riding" by the end of the summer and says she has the right support around her to make a full recovery.
Google has been ordered to hand over internet and email addresses, phone numbers and names related to four fake reviews on its Google+ social networking site.The nursery, which was not named in the judge's ruling, complained that the reviews were making serious and unfounded claims that it was neglecting children.Google deleted the reviews but the nursery's lawyer said it has not yet handed over the information.Google is reviewing the decision.
UN Special Envoy Staffan de Mistura says talks on a political solution to the conflict in Syria will resume in Geneva on Monday.The first round of talks was suspended last month while still in the "preparatory" phase, with both sides blaming each other.The talks will take place at hotels across Geneva, with representatives of the warring parties located in separate rooms, and will last only 10 days before pausing for a week.
Nearly 250 people in Wales reported suspected stalkers to police between 2012 and 2015, the Network for Surviving Stalking said.
Lewis Hamilton says the 'halo' device is "too drastic" and the "worst-looking" modification in Formula 1 history.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has been asked to give evidence about the treatment of his workers.
The charred pine twigs date back 140 million years to a time when fires raged across large tracts of land.The fossils show that wildfires raged through the earliest pine forests and probably shaped the evolution of this important tree Dr Howard Falcon-Lang, Royal Holloway, University of London
US special forces have begun operations against Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria, the US military has said.A US commando force has captured an IS leader in Iraq without giving his name, US officials say. The man was once a specialist in chemical and biological weapons for Saddam Hussein, the Iraqi leader overthrown by the US invasion in 2003, Iraqi and US sources told US media.
The government had hoped to relax existing restrictions on Sunday trading, which limit large shops to opening for a maximum of six hours, by devolving responsibility to local councils. But their plans were thwarted by an unlikely alliance of Labour, the SNP and Conservative backbenchers. It is the Conservative government's second defeat in the House of Commons since it was elected last May.
Natalie Queiroz, 40, has been moved from critical care to a ward following the attack on Hollyfield Road, Sutton Coldfield, near Birmingham, on Friday.
Midwives Catherine McCullough and Gretta Dixon are accused of failing to have Mrs Titcombe assessed.
Flooding continues to cause severe disruption on some roads, including sections of the A428 and A3400.
The UK government said it was providing "unprecedented levels of investment".
A Chinese woman has claimed her husband had divorced her 10 years ago because he disliked the shape of her face, said to be "large and square" with "fat cheeks".
Aung San Suu Kyaw Kyaw is almost certain to be elected president by the NLD-controlled parliament.The NLD won the majority of non-military seats available in parliament in last year's historic general election, although the army - which still controls a quarter of all parliamentary seats and key security ministries - remains a significant force in Burmese politics.The new government will take power on 1 April - the first freely elected government after more than 50 years of military rule and then five years of civilian government.Read more: Power not presidency in MyanmarShe tried right to the last. But there was no
Jack Walsh, from Lisburn in County Antrim, is hoping he will be one of the few to make it big.
Thirty specialist staff will be appointed across Wales to look after women with prenatal and postnatal mental health illnesses.Community-based teams will include doctors, nursing staff and other healthcare professionals.Mind Cymru said around 30% of parents suffer anxiety or depression in the first year after their baby's birth.Health Minister Mark Drakeford said: "It's vital that we support mental wellbeing before, during and after pregnancy and support women who are at high risk of developing mental health problems as close to their homes as is practical and safe for both mother and baby."We want mothers and their families to have a positive experience so they can feel confident
The Sagitaire and the Saint Christophe were rescued in the early hours at Town Quay, Dartmouth.
The school has stopped the game, also known as "tag" or "you're it", to allow the children "some time to settle down a bit", according to the headmaster.The ban is the latest in a line of stories from around England of educational establishments outlawing everyday activities, many of which are remembered fondly from people's own school days.British Bulldog involves charging towards fellow pupils, a drop of the shoulder to fool the 'bulldogs' and a rapid dash to the safety of the other side of the yard.These figures are a little old (like the above image), but over a
Android N will introduce split-screen multitasking that allows people to use two apps at the same time.Information can be copied across from one app to the other.A similar feature is already available on some iOS and Windows 10 devices, and Samsung has already added the feature to some of its Android smartphones.
More than 100 British Transport Police (BTP) officers will patrol the 144 Underground stations open all night to try to "set behavioural standards".
Bristol full-back Luke Arscott joins Bath from Exeter. Bristol have announced the signing of Bath full back Luke Arscarott from Premiership rivals Exeter on a one-year deal.
Like-for-like sales at Argos fell 1.1% in the eight weeks to 27 February, compared to a fall of 2.2%.
Eddie Jones says his side have a stronger scrum, adding if the laws are enforced England "will get an advantage".
Aston Martin has announced plans to build a new factory in Ebbw Vale, south Wales, for TVR.The new plant will create 150 jobs and will be part of a £325m investment in the region.The company hopes to be producing around 2,000 cars a year by 2022, targeting the UK and selected European markets initially.It will initially assemble the car in the V8 engines from Cosworth in Northampton.The first minister said the news, hot on the heels of the Aston Martin announcement, "sends out a strong, clear message that Wales is the location of choice for advanced manufacturing".
Jay Bell's actions caused the infant to suffer brain bleeding, retinal haemorrhages and a broken rib and ankle.As a result of the brain injury, the child suffers from cerebral palsy and is registered blind.The baby did not receive hospital treatment for about two weeks and Bell took about five months to reveal what had happened to the child when he was in his care.The court heard Bell threw the child in the air repeatedly but the baby hit his head on the wall, then hit a Moses basket and fell on the floor.
Farmers have been hit by delays in processing Common Agricultural Policy payments due to problems with a computer system set up to administer the newly-reformed system in Scotland.
Stuart Coffey, 44, transferred cash from Bracebridge Heath Medical Practice into his own account between 2008 and 2013.
Sir Kevin has referred himself to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, Kathryn Hudson.
US President Barack Obama has criticised David Cameron's handling of the Libyan crisis, saying the UK could have done more in the aftermath of the intervention.The US president said he was "disappointed" that the UK had not done more to help the Libyan people, who had been "given the opportunity to build what they said they wanted".In an interview with the Atlantic magazine, he said the operation went as well as he had hoped.
US markets mirrored those in Europe after ECB head Mario Draghi said the bank would expand stimulus measures, but did not expect further rate cuts.
Four men have been arrested following the attack on a 15-year-old boy in Blackburn, Lancashire, which is believed to be linked to honour-based violence.The victim was walking near East Park Road at its junction with Shearbank Road when he bundled into a car.
Old Mutual said it expected the separation of its four main units to be completed by the end of 2018
Former England defender Stuart Pearce has signed for struggling Longford AFC in a bid to end its season-long losing streak and 178-goal deficit.Pearce, who won 78 England caps, was part of Sir Bobby Robson's squad that reached the last four of the World Cup in Italy in 1990
The search is the second search to be carried out in a week.
Strathclyde City of Glasgow mayor John Matheson has been appointed a visiting professor at Strathmore University's Institute for Future Cities. Anderston/City councillor and former leader of the Scottish Labour Party John Matcheson has announced he is leaving politics to focus on his role as a professor at the university's Institute of Future Cities.The move appears to mark the end of his political ambitions.
Ashley accuses MPs of 'abusing parliamentary procedures'. Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has been accused of contempt of Parliament after failing to appear before a business select committee.
Staff in Luton told the child's mother they believed he was saying "cooker bomb" instead of "cucumber".The case was sent to a police and social services panel instead of de-radicalisation scheme Channel.
Vitaly Mutko says Russia has done everything asked of it to meet IAAF anti-doping standards. Russia's athletics federation has been suspended after being accused of state-sponsored doping.
The woman, who was just 14 at the time, told detectives how she believed Howard was trying to rape her in his flat in Castlederg, in the early 1990s.Arlene, 15, went missing some time later, in August 1994.Her body has never been found, and Howard, who died in prison last year, was the main suspect.She told detectives: "He would glare at me. He made me feel very uncomfortable"She later explained how visits to Howard's flat were mostly fine, and uneventful.But one visit became a "nightmare" when Howard came into a room
Hampshire and Isle of Wight police appoint first woman chief constable. The first woman to hold the top position in the Hampshire police force.
Aberdeen's Graeme Shinnie misses out on Scotland squad for friendlies against Czech Republic and Denmark. Dons boss Derek McInnes is disappointed that Aberdeen midfielder Kenny McLean is not in the Scotland squad to face Denmark and Czech Republic.
Cardiff City striker Anthony Macheda signs a one-year contract until the end of the season.
Belfast Metropolitan Area Plan (BMAP) was brought by former enterprise minister Arlene Foster of the DUP.The judge, Mr Justice Treacy, held that the decision was made without the necessary approval from the Stormont cabinet.Mr Durkan's barrister contended that attempts were made to coerce him into ignoring his legal duties in dealing with the planning blueprint.He claimed the environment minister was put under pressure by DUP ministerial colleagues over a policy which effectively blocked attempts to build a John Lewis store.However, the judge was told seven of the other 10 Stormont departments were concerned enough about BMAP to want to take part
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 14-year-old girl at a summer ball has been jailed for two years.Chay Roberts-Jones was working at Blundells School at Tiverton, Devon, when he assaulted the girl under the guise of giving her a sports massage.
One of the bears went over to check out the strange object, giving it a quick sniff, before being joined by two others
Health Secretary Shona Robison announced the funding as she addressed a GPs' conference in Clydebank.The move came after the British Medical Association warned the GPs were becoming "increasingly burnt-out" by the "mounting pressures" on them.
Flying Scotsman takes to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway. The locomotive made its inaugural run from Grosmont to Pickering.
Ding Ding won the last three frames, the decider with a break of 108 to beat Thailand's Thepchaiya Un-Nooh 4-3
BBC Points West's political editor Paul Barltrop reports.
What Trump says about protesters at his ralliesDemocratic candidate Bernie Sanders: Called Mr Trump a "pathological liar" after he said he had sent protesters.
Donald Trump has been forced to cancel a campaign rally in Chicago after violent clashes broke out between supporters and protesters. Donald Trump's campaign has cancelled a rally at the University of Illinois at Chicago following violent clashes between his supporters and anti-Trump protesters. A statement from the campaign said the candidate had decided to postpone the event after meeting with police. The event was to have started at 8:30pm local time (1430 GMT) on Saturday.The event was due to be held at McCormick Place, the venue for the Republican presidential candidate's campaign headquarters, but was cancelled after the violence broke out.It was supposed
Morton 2-0 Alloa Alloa.
Livi 2-1 Buddies: Stephen Mallan converted a penalty to give the Buddies the lead.
Sierra Leone's parliament has passed the Safe Abortion Act, which would allow women to terminate a pregnancy in any circumstances up to 12 weeks.Sierra Leone's president, Ernest Bai Koroma, has referred the controversial legislation to the Constitutional Review Committee, which is currently reviewing the constitution.Our correspondent says it will decide whether to include the abortion law in its recommended changes to the constitution, which will be put to a referendum.
Six men have been charged with numerous counts of rape and conspiracy to rape.
"He didn't know where he was."
Jordan Thneibat said Jordan was training thousands more teachers and building new schools, which would operate in double shifts to try to accommodate 145,000 refugee children in its state school system.
Rafa Nadal: Real Madrid defend Spaniard from doping claims. Real Madrid have defended Rafael Nadal from allegations of doping by former French minister Roselyne Bachelot.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive Michael Drumm has been granted bail after being charged with 33 offences in connection with the collapse of the Irish bank in 2008.He was arrested in the early hours of Monday after arriving at Dublin Airport on an overnight flight from Boston.Gardaí accompanied the former chief executive on the transatlantic flight and shortly after landing he was brought to a Dublin police station, and then escorted to the court.The hearing was told that Mr Drumm made no reply when police officers put the charges to him at the station.Sixteen of the charges relate to the alleged provision of unlawful financial assistance to 16
Pan Am Flight 73 hijackers: The hijack is the subject of a newly released film, but the surviving crew have until now remained silent. They are breaking this silence now, they say, because they want to honour and acknowledge the vital roles played by all on board, most of whom are not known to the public.While they relayed the events to a private FBI meeting a week after the hijack, and to a parole hearing for the lead hijacker in 2005, this is the first time they have shared details with the media. They also shed light on the last few hours of Neerja Bhanot
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is one of the few places in the world where people from the Middle East are still being processed for asylum. The centre, which is run by Save The Children, is the only place in the Balkans where asylum seekers are allowed to apply for the right to stay in the country.The centre is located on the outskirts of the Serbian capital, and is the last stop on the Balkan route to western Europe before the end of the year.The asylum centre was set up in the 1990s by the Serbian government to cope with the influx of refugees from Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria and other countries
Emmerdale tours will take place at weekends, when the specially-built set is not being used for filming.
Joan Bates and her late husband Major Roy Bates moved to an anti-aircraft fortress just outside British territorial waters almost 50 years ago. They declared it an independent state and gave themselves the titles "Prince" Roy and "Princess" Joan of Sealand.
The attack suggests al-Qaeda-linked militants are increasingly focusing on France's former colonies, as a way of getting back at France for its leading role in fighting them in West Africa.
Bournemouth striker Steve King: 'We do not stop just because everybody from the outside thinks we are safe'.
Six authorities have told BBC Wales a meltdown in waste markets has hit their budgets.
Er Erfan Ali will have facial scars for the rest of his life.
A grandmother has been jailed for five years after she forged colleague's signatures on cheques and transferred cash to a bank account she set up in her mother's name.She used the council's Child Protection Unit petty cash fund for debts, expensive gifts and luxury holidays.
A nine-year-old girl died after she went into the water at a Blackpool hotel swimming pool with no flotation devices, an inquest has heard. A 9-year old girl drowned after going into the pool at the Dalmeny Hotel in St Annes, Lancashire, with no lifeguard and hotel guest at the scene.
Boris Johnson said he was "spot on" to argue the issue could not be allowed to become a distraction.Speaking on his monthly LBC phone-in, Mr Johnson rejected suggestions that having two separate groups was holding back the Leave campaign and was being exploited by their opponents."I haven't noticed the other side making very much of this. The thing that matters to me is getting the arguments out."I think it doesn't really matters too much who comes out on top in this one provided that we all get together and work to that end."Asked whether a merger was now on the cards, he told
Adrian Ismay, who was 52 and a father of three, was seriously hurt after a booby-trap device exploded under his van in Belfast.
Leicestershire is historically the poorest funded council in the country because of a quirk of Whitehall recalculations, going back a quarter of a century since the poll tax, or community charge, was scrapped.At the moment councils get income from council tax, a share of the business rates, any income they generate themselves from services plus a grant from central government.It's the grant cut which is causing them grief.What's called the "core funding" is worked out by the number of homes multiplied by a set amount. And each authority has a different value set per dwelling.If we look at Surrey, which
Dinefwr Park in Llandeilo, Carmarthenshire, is the only example of Brown's work in Wales currently open to the public. Capability Brown designed the grounds of more than 170 stately homes, including Blenheim Palace, Warwick Castle and parts of Kew Gardens.
Wasps 24-25 Sale Sharks. Wasps beat Sale Sharks to keep their top-six hopes alive with a bonus-point win at the Aviva Stadium. Wasps fly-half Danny Cipriani faced his old club for the first time since agreeing to re-join them next season.
Bognor Regis University's digital technology and engineering department will move to the site if permission is granted.It was awarded £8m funding from the government last year.
Fire at Wythenshawe Hall, which broke out at about 03:30 GMT
Nine-year-old Gracie Mellalieu, from Flintshire, is one of just five people in Wales with Morquio Syndrome, which affects the way bones and joints grow.She has been trialling a new drug called Vimizim, which has now won Welsh Government approval.It will cost about Â£880,000 a year to treat eligible patients in Wales.
Weight Lifting: GB women's team to qualify for Rio Olympics. Britain's weight lifters will compete at the European Championships in Oslo on Saturday.
Liam Neeson backs Ruairí Óg Cushendall to bring home All-Ireland title.
Joe Acquaro was shot dead in Melbourne in the early hours of Tuesday.
Novak Djokovic reached the last 16 of the men's singes with a 6-4 7-5 win over German Phillipe Kohlschreiber.
Presiding officer Tricia Marwick shed tears after veteran Labour MSP Duncan McNeil bid farewell to the parliament.And she was again visibly emotional after Mr Salmond told the chamber: "It's goodbye from me... for now".Ms Marwick, Mr McNeil and Ms Goldie are among those standing down as MSPs ahead of the election on 5 May.
Poole Borough Council plans to put charges up by 10% in 2017 and by 5% every year until 2020.
Kilmarnock captain Stevie Smith has shown the courage that he wants to play through the little injury problem he has, says manager Neil Clark.
Wolfsburg striker fined 2,250 euros after posting photo of himself alongside his Mercedes car. Wolfsburg forward Christian Eriksen has been fined for revealing sponsored underwear after scoring against Portugal in Euro 2012.
Colin Gordon: Harriers boss says he wants to be head coach. Colin Gordon says he does not want to be the head coach of Hereford Harriers but should be part of a team managing the club.
Wakefield have announced the appointment of Chris Chester as head coach for the 2017 season.
Adrian Ismay, 52, was seriously hurt after a booby-trap device exploded under his van in Belfast on 4 March.The police said that a post-mortem examination showed he died as a "direct result of the injuries" of the bomb.A dissident republican group, widely referred to as the new IRA, said it carried out the attack.
Small firms will not have to pay business rates from next April, Chancellor George Osborne has announced. The chancellor announced he was permanently raising the threshold for small business rate relief.
Motherwell owner Les Hutchison has agreed to sell his 76% shareholding for £1 to the Well Society.Hutchison had to address costs at Fir Park since the club was running at a loss.Motherwell previously used to budget to finish in the top half of the Premiership, which meant that any drop in form had a significant impact on working capital.That has changed, while 10 players left the club in January, although one of them - James McFadden - subsequently signed a new short-term deal until the end of the season.Under McGhee's management, the focus is to be on developing young players, and
Donald Trump is rated as riskier than Britain leaving the European Union or an armed clash in the South China Sea.China encountering a "hard landing" or sharp economic slowdown and Russia's interventions in Ukraine and Syria preceding a new "cold war" are among the events seen as more dangerous."Thus far Mr Trump has given very few details of his policies - and these tend […].
A number of EU countries have raised concerns about what is on offer to Turkey amid a clampdown by the Ankara government on academics and journalists.German magazine Der Spiegel said on Thursday it had withdrawn its Istanbul correspondent, Hasnain Kazim, after the authorities refused to renew his press accreditation.EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said the talks with Turkey would not just focus on migration. "We have the internal situation in Turkey we are working on, being it the human rights and the rule of law issues."
Two members of teaching staff from Halam Primary and a farmer were also injured in the accident on 11 March.One of the children, Ben, said he was frightened and the other children were crying. One of the 11 children described how the trailer went "really fast down the hill" at the farm in Nottinghamshire before it "launched us off".
Kingfisher House: Indian businessman Vijay Mallya is said to have left India. India's Supreme Court has ordered a probe into the whereabouts of billionaire liquor tycoon Vijay  Micala, who is believed to have fled the country. Indian media reports suggest that Vijay mallya has left the country after a consortium of banks and creditors approached the Supreme Court over unpaid debts.
A new survey of the Large Magellanic Cloud has found many more of the super-objects in a tight patch of sky within the Milky Way Galaxy. A new study has found more than a dozen stars with masses in excess of a hundred times that of the Sun, including the most massive and most luminous star identified to date.
My Brother is a Superhero is the overall winner of the Children's Book of the Year prize, voted for by booksellers, at a ceremony at Waterstones' Piccadilly bookshop in London.
Thieves took the animal from Silver Star Pets in Pengam, along with dog leads, dog coats, fish tanks, pet food
A pupil has died after getting into difficulty in a swimming pool at a school in Leicester, Leicestershire.
St Peter's RC Primary, Firrhill High and Braidburn Special Schools were built by the same contractor as Oxgangs Primary, which was closed on Wednesday.St Peter's will be closed on Friday and will remain shut until the end of the Easter holidays.The school was closed following a detailed survey carried out by the Edinburgh Schools Partnership.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has opted to play for England over the Republic of Ireland.
Motherwell were forced to postpone an under-20s game against Celtic on Tuesday.
Man falls 40ft (12m) from Rochdale Town Hall fire escape. A police officer has been awarded the force's John Egerton Trophy for saving a man from death by falling from a fire escape.
Finally, after all the hype and excitement, consumers are about to get their hands on virtual reality headsets - and we will find out whether there really is a market for this technology. Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive are both released in the next few weeks, and at the Games Developer Conference in San Francisco Sony unveiled its launch date and price.
A house in West Pennard, near Glastonbury, Somerset, has been damaged after a truck smashed into it. A house has been badly damaged after an articulated lorry crashed into it.
Murray Goodwin returns to Sussex as head coach. Former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin has returned to the club as the head coach after 12 seasons at Hove.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic likely to leave Paris St-Germain, says Arsene Wenger.
In the short term, the fall in trade experienced by the UK outside the EU would lower productivity. This would translate into a fall in GDP of between 6.3%, or £4,200 per household, and 9.5% or £6,400 per household. In the worst case - the researchers assume that the UK cannot negotiate a new trade agreement with the EU. This they say would mean bigger increases in trade costs.
Oldham was the most deprived town in England, according to a new report.The Office for National Statistics found it contained the highest proportion of deprived areas, followed by West Bromwich in the West Midlands.Guildford in Surrey was the least deprived town.The town in Sandwell was ranked the lowest out of 109 areas for both aspects and second lowest for education.The study considered factors such as income, employment, health, education, skills and training and crime.It also looked at disability, access to housing and the built environment in cities and towns in England and Wales.The north-west of England had five of the
Katie Locke, 23, was found dead at Theobolds Park Hotel in Waltham Cross, Hertfordshire.
Cardiff City boss Alan Slade says taking Cardiff City to the Premier League would top any achievement in his career so far.
The Dow Jones was up 117.59 points to 17,599.08, having itself moved into positive territory for the year on Thursday.
Omar Khan, 31, had worked at The Johnson Partnership in Nottingham for five years before he was arrestedThe court heard the case involved the recovery of 1kg (2.2lb) of cocaineErlin Manahasa, Albert Dibra and Nazaquat Ali joined Khan in admitting the same charge, between 1 October and 4 December last year, at Nottingham Crown CourtThey are due to be sentenced on 15 AprilUpdates on this story and more from NottinghamshireDigby Johnson, a partner at the Johnson firm, confirmed they did not represent Khan - who had set up his own office and was set to leave the
Cor Coronation Street creator Anthony McVay Simpson has died at the age of 79.Warren, 79, who started the Granada Television show when he was 24, died on 1 March after a short illness.His coffin was carried into the cathedral by members of the cast, watched by the crowds outside.Among those who attended the service were Julie Goodyear and William Roache, who has played Ken Barlow since the first episode in 1960.Goodyear, famous for playing barmaid Bet Lynch, paid a heartfelt tribute to Warren, a friend of 50 years."We cried together and we laughed together," she said.
Russia staged no air strikes in Syria in the past weekThe strikes come days after President Vladimir Putin ordered the withdrawal of most Russian forces from SyriaIS militants captured the ancient city of Palmyra last MaySince then it has blown up monumental temples, arches and statues in the Unesco World Heritage site
Glasgow lecturers may now be balloted to decide if they join future action in the wider pay dispute.
The EU and Turkey have agreed a plan to send virtually all irregular migrants back to Turkey from the Greek islands as part of a deal to stem the flow of refugees and migrants to Europe.The deal, agreed at a summit in Brussels, will see the EU send back almost all migrants arriving in Greece to Turkey if they do not apply for asylum or their claim is rejected.In return, Turkey will receive aid and political concessions.Under the deal, Greek authorities will still process requests for asylum individually.However, many migrants, including Syrians, are keen to go to Germany and other northern European Union countries and have previously refused to
Montrose 2-0 Queen's ParkQueen's Park's Peter Weatherson bagged a first-half brace, including a penalty, to put Montrose firmly in control.
Australian GP qualifying: Lewis Hamilton beats Rosberg and Vettel. Lewis Hamilton was 0.838secs quicker than Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen in the final session of qualifying at the Australian Grand Prix.Lewis Hamilton's stunning lap to be 0.360 seconds quicker than Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in qualifying for the Australian GP has been ruled out of the first race of the new Formula One season.The new format did work on one level, however. It made the first and second parts of the session more fraught - and one top team was caught out as Red Bull's Dani
Walter Oakley received a letter from the Russian and US leaders thanking him for his help in televising the meetingNo agreements were signed at the summit but it was said to mark the end of the Cold WarMr Oakley from Low Fell, Gateshead, was holidaying when CNN asked him to help organise filmingNewcastle auctioneers Anderson and Garland said the value
There were 44 Egyptian pilgrims on board the bus when it crashed, the agency said.
Britain's Dina Asher-Smith and Lynsey Sharp fail to reach 800m final. Britain's Asha Philip is fifth in the women's 60m final at the IAAF World Championships in London.Britain's Michael Grabarz wins the men's heptathlon title after failing to clear 1.80m on his return to competition.
Firefighters were called to the scene at Carnsalloch House, Kirkton, Cheshire, on Saturday morning.
Newcastle boss Rafa Benitez: 'We have to fight until the last minute'. Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce says his team need four wins from their last eight games to stay in the Premier League. Sunderland manager Sam Sunderland's late header earns Newcastle a point in the Tyne-Wear derby, but the Magpies remain in the bottom three.
Photographs of the endangered Magnolia dealbata, held by Bristol-based Arkive, were seen by a botanist at a Mexican university more than 5,500 miles away.
A witness described seeing a "flash right across the sky" as the aircraft came down in a field off Burrows Lane, in the Middle Stoke area.
Bournemouth's Benik Afobe yet to receive official clearance to play for DR Congo. BOURNEMOUTH'S BONJAMIE AFOBE is yet to get official clearance from Fifa to switch nationality and play for the DR Congo national team.
Eddie Izzard: Comedian completes double marathon in South Africa to raise £1.35m for Nelson Mandela charity. Comedian Eddie IZZARD has completed a double marathon to raise money for the Nelson Mandela Foundation.
David Cameron is to reject this - and No 10 has rubbished claims of a rift with George Osborne, saying the chancellor still has the PM's full confidence.The disability cuts Mr Duncan Smith quit over will be shelved.Downing Street said the changes to Personal Independence Payments (PIP) announced ahead of Mr Osborne's Budget last week would not go ahead "in their current form".But alternative proposals for saving the Â£4bn earmarked for the savings would not come until the Autumn Statement towards the end of the year.
Six Nations 2015: Scotland 35-25 by Ireland.
Women's FA Cup Final: Chelsea 4-1 Manchester City. Chelsea Ladies lose to Manchester City in the FA Cup final at Wembley.
"There was no way the pilot could have got out. It's really sad.
Boaty McBoatface is 25,000 votes ahead of the second place suggestion, RRS Henry Worsley.
Cornish Pirates: Rob Elloway, Matt Evans and Joe Atkinson yellow-carded. Cornwall Pirates lose to Exeter Chiefs in the Championship play-off semi-finals.
Cuba is less than 100 miles away from the US
Vardy's transition from the heights he has scaled with Leicester City this season to England has been seamless - and he has stepped up a level in the two friendlies against Germany and the Netherlands. Vardy has proved his capabilities for both, with an explosive 20-minute cameo in Berlin that included a brilliantly instinctive finish as part of England's comeback.
Brighton midfielder Tom Crofts named in Wales squad for friendlies. Brighton midfielder Chris Crofts has been named in the Wales squad to face Northern Ireland and Ukraine in friendlies over two years after his last call-up.
The UK could also be allowed to keep many of its trade terms with the EU so as to avoid disruption, Moody's said.The report shows economic warnings from pro-EU groups have been "baseless scaremongering", Vote Leave said.But the Britain Stronger in Europe group said it was further evidence that leaving would damage the economy.The Moody's report comes after the CBI warned a British exit from the EU - known as a "Brexit" - could cost the UK economy Â£100bn and nearly one million jobs.
Thewas on the long list but did not make the final cut.
The pair were working on a new 'augmented-reality' programme called Project Sidekick.
A man has been injured after shots were fired from a car near St Brendan's Primary School in Newtownabbey, County Antrim.
Jean Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty by the International Criminal Court (ICC) of war crimes.Bemba, once vice-president of the Democratic Republic of Congo, will remain in custody until sentencing.The court in The Hague found him guilty of several charges including rape and murder. He is expected to appeal.
Fans threw flares and ripped up parts of the Mohammed V stadium after Raja's 2-1 victory over Chabab Rif Al Hoceima.
The PETM has been extensively studied by scientists because it is regarded as a possible "analogue" for what is happening on Earth now.But the team argues that the scale of human-produced carbon emissions means that the lessons we could learn from the ancient event may actually have limited relevance.They find the amount of CO2 going into the air at its onset was four billion tonnes a year at most.Today's figure is 10 times as big.
The pair are expected to be charged with financing terrorism, which carries a maximum penalty of 25 years' jail.
GawkerGawker Media was hit with a $15m ruling, while owner Nick Denton was stung with an additional $10 millionThe editor who posted the video and wrote the accompanying post, AJ Daulerio, must also pay $100,000However correspondents say the company stands a good chance of getting the damages reduced or reversed on appeal
Lindt Cafe siege: CCTV footage shows police entering the cafe at 2:14 local time on 16 December and setting off flash grenades. A hostage, Katrina Dawson, was killed in the raid by a ricocheting police bullet.
Ray Moore steps down as Indian Wells tournament director. Ray Moore has stepped down from his role as tournament director at Indian Wells after making controversial comments about the women's game.Ray Moore, 69, said women's tennis "rides on the coat-tails" of the men.
The blaze broke out in a ground-floor flat of a four-storey tenement in Tollcross at about 22:50.
Girls and boys aged between seven and 12 invited to audition for Gloucester Cathedral choir. The choir was established by Henry VIII in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 adults.
Harrison Ford is due to star in a fifth Indiana Jones film, which will be released in 2019. Harrison Ford says he does not feel an emotional connection to the characters he plays.
Batman v Superman world premiere. The world premiere of Warner Brothers' superhero film 'Batman v Superman' has been hailed as an "amazing" and "awesome" by fans and critics alike.The film stars Ben Affleck as Batman, with Henry Cavill taking the role of Superman. The film is directed by Zack Snyder and written by David S Goyer and Chris Terrio. The premiere was held in New York on Sunday evening ahead of its opening this weekend.The film was described by some fans as their 'favourite Batman' and "the definite Batman'.
Johnston Press reports annual results. The owner of The Scotsman and more than 200 other titles said "challenging trading conditions" in the second half of last year continued into 2016.
Danielle Hazell ruled out of England's Twenty20 internationals against India. England have ruled out off-spinner Daniel Hazell from their Twenty20 squad for Tuesday's game with India.
UK house prices rose by 8.6% in the year to the end of January, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said.In comparison, property prices went up by 0.1% in Scotland and 0.8% in Northern.
Brussels attacks: How to deal with the news. Please enable Javascript to watch this video The attacks in Brussels have been linked to the Paris attacks, but we don't know for sure.The group that calls itself Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attacks.
Elisabeth Moss reprises her role as detective Robin Griffin in Top Of The Lake: China Girl. The second instalment of the drama has already begun filming in Australia.
Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech uses his time by performing fills - on his drum kit.Media playback is not supported on this device Arsenal goalkeeper Cech shows off his musical skills in a Christmas video for the Arsenal foundation Arsenal goalkeeper Piotr Zielinski uses his spare time to spend with his family and pets.The Czech Republic international posts videos online showing him drumming along to rock bands like the Foo Fighters.He credits drumming with improving his keeping skills too, recently telling the Arsenal Weekly podcast: "It is especially useful for a goalkeeper. There are so many things I learn on the drums that I can use in goal
Polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago.
Ivory Coast coach Renard has been appointed as the new coach of Morocco for the 2017 Nations Cup finals in Gabon. Ivory Coast boss Renard will over see back-to-back qualifiers against Cape Verde, the top-ranked African teamIvory Coast manager Renard, a 47-year-old who succeeded Badou Zaki last month after indifferent Moroccan performances, guided no-hopers Zambia to 2012 glory and repeated the feat with perennial underachievers Ivory Coast last year.
Jeff Hendrick ruled out of Republic of Ireland Euro 2016. Midfielder Jeffrey Hendrick has been ruled out because of a shoulder problem and has returned to his club Derby County.
Sally Shalloe, 51, of Attenborough, Nottinghamshire, died when her bicycle was hit by David Staley's motorbike in Middleton Boulevard in April last year.At Nottingham Crown Court, Staley, 32, admitted causing Ms Shalloe's death by dangerous driving.
Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe's immediate future is secure - despite calls from Harvey Proctor and others for him to resign.In February, the commissioner was granted a one-year extension to his five-year contract, which will make him the longest-serving Met chief since Sir Paul Condon, who was at the helm from 1993 to 2000.The contract decision was taken by Theresa May, the Home Secretary, who took advice from London's Mayor, Boris Johnson.It was a reflection of the 58-year-old Yorkshireman's wider record at the Met, tackling crime and terrorism, making budget savings and rebuilding trust in
Wales boss Paul Coleman "apart" from FAW. Wales manager Paul Coleman and the Football Association of Wales are 'apart' in their talks, says midfielder Ledley.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino inaugurated a new stadium in South Sudan on his 46th birthday.Infantino, who won last month's Fifa elections to succeed Sepp Blatter, is due to visit South American football confederation CONMEBOL from 28 to 29 March in Asuncion, the capital of Paraguay
Gloucestershire Police and crime commissioner Martin Surl said he had taken legal advice on the "Coxit" proposal
The pier is expected to be fully operational by mid-April.
The 42-year-old man was discovered in wetland at the Medmerry Nature Reserve, in Earnley, on Tuesday
Edinburgh need to win all of their remaining games if they want a shout of the play-offs or even the top six, says Stuart Dickinson. Edinburgh prop Stuart Dickinson says his side need to take each game as it comes as they seek a top-four finish in the Premiership.
A former civil servant has admitted buying a bogus PhD degree from a fake university in the US.Kyaw Win, who was a civil servant in Myanmar's previous government, is now a cabinet minister in the new government.He was caught when the National League for Democracy party made his CV public.
Two Syrian nationals provided first aid to Stefan Jagsch who was injured in the accident in Hesse state, DPA news agency said.
The Marine Conservation Society said more than 8,000 bottles were picked up during its Great British Beach Clean Up in September
Police officers and veterinarians had chased the animal around the course near Toki city in the central Gifu prefecture for hours. It ran into the lake shortly after it was shot with a tranquiliser dart.
Leicester City to play Barcelona and Paris St-Germain in China. Leicester City will face Barcelona in China as part of the pre-season International Champions Cup.
David Dixon texted his aunt saying he was safe after the two airport blasts, but his family fear he was caught up in a further explosion at a Metro station.
Bristol's Platform One has been closed since last summer when anti-social behaviour led to its main entrance being closed.
The Care Inspectorate and Healthcare Improvement Scotland looked at services provided by NHS Western Isles and local authority Comhairle nan Eilean Siar.
Ransomware attacks have hit three hospitals in the US.The systems, at Kentucky Methodist Hospital, Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital, California, are now running normally again.None of the hospitals is believed to have paid the ransom.
Nine families have been resettled in Aberdeenshire in the past few weeks.
Frank Mulholland said he had informed First Minister Nicola Sturgeon of his intention to quit the post after five years in the job.He said it had been a "real privilege" to lead the prosecution service in Scotland.
Ian Dickson was punched, kicked and hit with a baseball bat and a piece of wood over a period of 20 to 30 minutes.
Hibs midfielder John McGinn says he is not playing as well as he did before the international break. Hibs winger John McGlennan says his team-mates are not getting the breaks or producing the quality they did in the first half of the season. Hibs have lost their last four league games and seen Falkirk open a six-point gap in second place.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments on whether non-profit groups opposed to the Affordable Care Act's contraception requirement can use a 1993 law to object to the Obama administration's compromise.The court now has eight justices after conservative Justice Antonin Scalia died in February.A tie would uphold lower court rulings in support of the administration but not set a national precedent.
Former First Minister Alex Salmond has said the Scottish National Party (SNP) will re-evaluate its position on the use of the pound in a future independence referendum.Former First Minister Alexander Salmond, who led the campaign for independence in 2014, has said he still favours the retention of Sterling as the currency for Scotland.He said the SNP would "re-evaluate" its stance on the issue of currency after the referendum.The former SNP leader was speaking a matter of weeks after current leader and Scotland's first minister, Nicola Sturgeon, announced plans for a fresh campaign.In September 2014, voters north of the
South Yorkshire Chief Constable David Crompton to step down in November. South Yorkshire's chief constable is to retire after four years in the post and 31 years in policing.
Ter Terrie Kirby, 16, Alexandra Binns, 18, Ryan Beal, 20, died following the crash on.
Tata Tata Steel is one of India's oldest and biggest conglomerates with interests ranging from tea and telecoms, to salt and steelIn the past decade, it has become one of the UK's biggest employers tooSo it is inside Bombay House that the fate of a steel plant, thousands of miles away in Wales, will be decided by the board of the companyWhen Tata took over Anglo-Dutch steelmaker Corus in 2007, it was seen as a bold move for an Indian firm
Wales Wales wing Hallam Amos scored two fine tries in the second half while Dorian Jones kicked five points for the hosts.But Hamish Watson's touchdown, plus eight points from Sam Hidalgo-Clyne and a penalty from Blair Kinghorn, proved enough.
A man has been fined Â£1000 plus costs after pleading guilty to fly-tipping at Bury St Edmunds Magistrates Court.
The impact of Brexit on the UK energy system is "very likely to be negative", according to a new report from the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
England's Big Picture: How to submit a picture. If you have a picture you would like to share, please see below the images for details on how to submit yours.
The US Department of Justice revealed an indictment against the seven, believed to be working for their government in IranThe indictment calls them "experienced computer hackers" and officials said the attacks were a "wake-up call".It is the first time the US is charging people associated with a national government with hacking into US infrastructure for major industries like finance and water.
Forest Green are currently second in the National League table, one point behind leaders Cheltenham Town
A appalling offence to a police officer while she was on duty."Police officers have a very difficult job and are on the front line of protecting us."Both officers are to be commended for how they dealt with this.
Pedro has spent much of his career in the Dutch league
Wales face another Euro 2016 warm-up game against Ukraine in Kiev on Monday
Liverpool City Council's licensing and gambling committee has blocked a plan to introduce an annual charge for any establishment staying open after midnight.
A 59-year-old teacher from London received £185,000 after she slipped a disc in her back after she was knocked to the ground by two unruly pupils.
Fiona Hyslop had been accused of "cronyism" after Â£150,000 of public funds were given to DF Concerts.But Audit Scotland has now concluded there was a "clear rationale for the grant".
North Korea has called on the military to be ready to "ruthlessly" destroy the government in South Korea.
Joh Johan Cruyff has died of cancer.
England captain Joe Root says his side have a point to prove after losing to the West Indies in their opening match and will be looking to bounce back against Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 semi-finals in Delhi on Saturday.After losing to South Africa and Afghanistan in the opening two games of the tournament, England have won their last two T20s to secure a place in the final four of the competition.Victory would secure England's place in a semi-final for just the second time since its inception in 2007.Defeat would enable either Sri Lanka or South Africa - who face each other in the group's final
Two-vehicle crash on the A470, between Church Street in Rhayader and the Llangurig roundabout.
The device, believed to be a relic from World War Two, was found in Avenham Park in Preston at about 15:00 GMT
Smoke-free pubs, restaurants and other public places in Scotland have reduced the amount of second-hand smoke in the air by at least half a tonne over the past decade, according to a new study.The Scottish Government introduced a ban on smoking in public spaces in 2007, which has led to the closure of some pubs and restaurants and the introduction of designated smoking rooms in bars and clubs.The smoking ban was introduced by the Scottish Parliament in 2007 and has been in place for 10 years.The government said the ban was necessary to protect the public health of the public and to reduce the risk of asthma and heart attacks
The locations and times are:Then, at 12:30 local time, wreaths will be laid at various buildings and landmarks around the Irish capital that became focal points during the rebellion.They include Boland's Mill, Jacob's Factory, Dublin Castle/City Hall, The Four Courts, Royal College of Surgeons and Moore Street.
Three explosions have struck in Yemen on the eve of the first anniversary of the Saudi-led coalition's offensive against the Houthi rebels, officials say.The attacks come on the occasion of the country's first anniversary, which is also the anniversary of a cease-fire in the war-torn country.The first explosion took place in the port city of Aden, officials said.The second explosion happened when an ambulance laden with explosives was detonated next to a military checkpoint.
Millwall 1-0 Colchester. Millwall drop to sixth in the Championship after a 1-1 draw with Colchester at the Stadium of Light.
Port Vale 2-1 Spireites. Port Vale take a deserved lead when AJ Leitch-Smith converts Byron Moore's cross.
Motherwell 2-1 Inverness Caledonian Moussa Dembele. Motherwell's Lionel Ainsworth scores a dramatic counter-attack goal to give the Well a 1-1 draw with Invernest in the Scottish Premier League.
Dundee 2-0 Ross County. Five goals were scored in the first half, with Greg Stewart and Kane Hemmings striking early for Dundee.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Two cars were damaged in the incident in the Nursery Drive and Parkhead area
Northumberland County Council said the weather was now warm enough for Jetpatcher machines to tackle the holes
Pope delivers Easter message of hope. The Archbishop of Canterbury has spoken out against the Brussels bombings, saying fear and death and terror are not the last words.
At least 17 people have been killed in a suicide bombing at a football tournament in Iraq's mainly Shia town of Iskandariya, the United Nations says. A suicide bomber has killed 17 people and wounded at least 84 others in a bomb attack at a soccer tournament in southern Iraq, the Iraqi government says.The blast happened at a trophy ceremony for the Iraqi Football Federation (FIFA) on Friday night, the government said.Video posted on social media showed the moment of the blast, as an official was speaking in front of a crowd of dozens of people, including the young players.The footage cuts off with
Germany and the Netherlands face off in a friendly match at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin on Saturday.
World T20: England beat Sri Lanka to reach semi-final. England beat a determined Sri Lanka side to reach the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 in Delhi. The game ebbed and flowed, from the brilliance of Jos Buttler, to Sri Lanka slipping to 15-4, then the hitting of Angelo Mathews taking it to the final over.
The service was set up at the Army's request after four recruits died at its Deepcut Barracks in Surrey.
A man has been taken to hospital with a serious neck injury. Police were called to Leith Walk at about 06:00 following reports about a man with a neck injury in Edinburgh.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says Celtic midfielder Kieran Tierney is ready for international level.
Former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has died at the age of 46 of cancer and gained notoriety for his outlandish public acts and drug use. He was diagnosed with a rare and aggressive cancer in 2014, keeping him from running for mayor again.
Colwyn Bay manager David Lynch leaves club. Colwyn bay manager Dave Lynch leaves the club at the end of the Conference North season.
Wanty-Gobert rider Jean-Francois Demoitie dies after being hit by a motorcyclist during the Gent-Wevelgem race in northern France on Sunday. Wanty Gobert team rider Jean Francois Demoitieu has died in hospital after he was hit by an oncoming motorbike during a race in France's northern region of Wevelgem on Sunday.The 25-year-old was hit after several riders came down in a crash as the race passed through northern France.Jose Been, spokeswoman for the Wanty team, told BBC Sport it was "not a case of the
Brentford 2-1 Bolton. Brentford boss Dean Smith:Media playback is not supported on this device
A boy on the bank saw his father's boat capsize on the River Wey in Guildford at about 13:10 BST on Monday.
Bailey Gwynne died after being stabbed in the heart at Cults Academy in October.His 16-year-old killer - who cannot be named for legal reasons - had denied murder but was convicted of the lesser charge of culpable homicide.He was sentenced by Lady Stacey at the High Court in Edinburgh.The boy was handed an eight-year sentence - and the supervision - for the killing, and another year for weapons offences.He will begin serving his sentence in a young offenders institution because of his age.The judge told him: "If you had not carried a knife, the exchange of insults between you
Six vehicles were involved and lanes on the southbound carriageway were blocked for a time but the route was subsequently cleared.
Ineos Grangemouth successfully completed operational trials of the Train 2 unit ahead of it receiving shale gas ethane from the US this autumn.
The stone is thought to have been in Soulbury, Buckinghamshire for 11,000 years. It is believed to have appeared on Chapel Hill after villagers fought with the devil and cut off his foot.
A woman has admitted kidnapping a two-month-old baby from his home in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, and is likely to receive a custodial sentence. A woman who kidnapped a baby was remanded in custody after admitting one charge of kidnap.
The 20-year-old was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and wounding with intent.
Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been charged with battery over an incident with a female reporter at a rally in Florida.Mr Trump's path to securing the Republican nomination is a narrow one, so the slightest stumble could deny him the prize outright.Mr Cruz's campaign responded to the arrest by lamenting the "abusive behaviour" that they said seems to be part of the Trump campaign culture.That appeared to be an allusion to theAround the time of the incident between Mr Lewandowski and Ms Fields, Mr Trump was on the defensive over violence committed by supporters against protesters at his rallies.Recent events are likely to cause further
A pedestrian was killed when he was hit by a car on the A22 Caterham bypass.
South Africa: A lion has escaped from a South African national park. The lion, called Sylvester, crawled under an electric fence after heavy rains dislodged earth, according to a Karoo National Park spokeswoman.The park authorities intend to use a helicopter to find the lion.He was fitted with a tracking collar after he was on the loose for three weeks last year.
South Africa coach Fikile Mashaba says the problem of not scoring goals doesn't start in the national team. It must be fixed at grassroots. That where people are taught to play."
The victim, named by police as Ali Nasrollahi, 22, was found collapsed in Barnet on Tuesday afternoon
Brussels airport remains closed for flights on Wednesday, after a test involving hundreds of staff. The airport operator said no flights were planned until at least Thursday afternoon as the results of the trial were still being assessed.A temporary check-in area has been installed along with enhanced security measures.
A WOMAN has died after she was involved in a single vehicle crash in Dalwhinnie village.
Nottingham Panthers face Fife in Saturday's play-off semi-final. Nottingham Panthers beat Belfast in the play-offs to reach the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
Surrey Police has been given more time to question a 21-year-old male arrested on suspicion of murder.
Meg Lanning hit a composed 55 and Alyssa Healy a rapid 25 as Australia compiled 132-6 amid a mixed England fielding performance.
Kenny, who joined up with the England Under-20 squad over Easter, has so far made 13 appearances for the U's.
The High Court in Glasgow heard that Andrew Patrick pointed a gun at Alistair Rankine before giving him a bag said to have a bomb inside.The 40-year-old then ordered the driver to steal cash from a Bank of Scotland branch in Kirkcaldy, Fife.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations is a failure on the part of the administrators, according to former international Segun Odegbami.
He knows the way that we want to play and he has the attitude and energy that will keep enhancing the team
BlackRock is expected to cut a significant number of jobs as part of its cost-cutting efforts, according to sources.
GSK says changes to the way it patents drugs will make its next generation of cancer drugs more affordable.
Police in Arkansas wish to unlock an iPhone and iPod belonging to two teenagers accused of killing a couple, according to the Associated Press (AP).
Emmanuel Eboue banned by Sunderland for failing to pay money owed to agent. Sunderland have been given a two-match ban by Fifa for failing pay money to a former agent after Emmanuel Eboufé was found guilty of child sex offences by the Football Association of Switzerland.Eboue, who has not made a first team appearance for the Black Cats, was fined 30,000 Swiss francs (£21,000) in September 2014 and given four months to settle the matter.The Ivory Coast international has two weeks to appeal against the decision.He has got a ban and the contract gets terminated on that basis.
EasterEaster School at St Mary's University College Belfast draws more than 250 pupils from across the west of the city.
Little Mix's Belfast concert has been cancelled due to singer Jesy Nelson being unwell and not able to perform.The cancellation was announced just minutes after the doors opened for the afternoon performance.Fans were later informed by text message that the show would not be going ahead as scheduled.It is the second major cancellation to disappoint young music fans in the city in recent times.Last October, One Direction called off a gig at the SSE at late notice after singer Liam Payne became ill.A statement from gig promoter Aikens said: "We regret to announce that both Little Mix shows at the SSE Arena will not take
A man has been jailed for 14 months after he deliberately shone a green laser light beam at a police helicopter over the west end of Glasgow, causing the pilot to take evasive action.The light beam repeatedly illuminated the cockpit and the court was told that Captain Traill took evasive actions to avoid his vision being impaired.He was caught after officers were alerted and traced Lochrie to his home in the city's west end.Lochrie answered the door to the police and told them: "I was shining the laser at the helicopter because I wanted to see what it was doing."It wasn't meant to put people in
England's Big Picture: How to submit a picture. If you have a picture you would like to share, please see below the images for details on how to submit yours.
South Central Ambulance Service (SCAS) runs the phone line and has said calls have increased by 16% in the last year.
South Africa-born Berg suffered the injury while playing against Nottinghamshire in Barbados
Scottish golfer Russell Knox is delighted to be playing at the Masters this week as he prepares to take on compatriot Sandy Lyle in the first major of the year.Lyle, 58, qualifies as a winner of the Green Jacket, and US-based Knox is the only other Scotsman in the field.Inverness-born Knox leapt up the rankings in November with victory at WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai and is currently No.34 in the world. Scotland's Russell Knox has confirmed he will be playing in the opening round of this year's Masters as he gears up for a showdown with
Neville was sacked by Valencia on Wednesday after less than four months following a run of 10 wins in 28 gamesNeville was sacked after winning three of his last 16 league games to leave Valencia six points above the relegation zoneBut his brother Phil, part of the coaching staff, has been retainedSporting director Jesus Garcia Pitarch added: "When we took the decision to replace Gary we invited Pako to come to Singapore and meet with [owner] Peter Lim to weigh up the situation and so that Pako could explain what he could do for the club."Garcia Pitarch said of Neville: "The results are not only down
"all reading can be done on iPads," a delegate told the Association of Teachers and Lecturers' annual conference.
IBF world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua's IBF title bout with Charles Martin takes place at the O2 in London. Former WBA world super-middleweight champion Jamie McDonnell will face former WBO world champion Juan Manuel Rosas on the undercard of the Anthony Joshua world heavyweight title bout. Former World Boxing Association (WBA) world middleweight title holder Jamie McDonnell has announced his return to the ring.
A man has raised??25,000 of his own savings to fund treatment for an 11-year-old girl suffering from cancer in Paris. Luke Judge, from Cornwall, learned of Rufa Fahmi's plight after meeting her uncle while volunteering in Greece.
Russian culture and arts critic Vladimir Tsilikin has been found dead in his home in the Russian city of St Petersburg.His mobile phone and computer are missing.
Kengo Kuma was given a tour of the site where construction of the museum's curved inner walls is underway.
Bernie Ecclestone says F1 is not putting on a very good show. Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has accused the sport of being "unacceptable" and said the new qualifying system is "unbelievable". Formula 1's billionaire owner and chief executive Lewis Hamilton has said the sport is not "putting on a good show" and blamed the current qualifying system for the sport's poor form. "Imagine if people turned up to watch the Rolling Stones and Mick (Jagger) couldn't sing and the others couldn't play their instruments."
Eight-year-old Garfield, who makes the trip to Sainsbury's in Ely in Cambridgeshire on a daily basis, has his own Facebook page created by fans.
Stoffel Vandoorne makes his debut in Formula 1 as stand-in for the injured Fernando Alonso.
AFC Wimbledon are set for the big screen, having reached agreement with Hollywood studio Fox 2000.
Barnsley 1-1 Chesterfield. Chesterfield win their first league game since winning the Johnstone's Paint Trophy to move six points off the League One play-off positions.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments section. If you have any questions, please contact us in the following ways: If you are not happy to be contacted by a BBC journalist please leave a telephone number that we can contact you on.
Olympic silver medallist Luke Patience finished fourth in the men's 470 with new crew Chris Gruber.
Perth United 2-1 St Johnstone. Juho Paatelainen says he is pleased with his side's effort in their 2-2 draw at Perth United as they close the gap between them and the play-offs to five points.Media playback is not supported on this device Kilmarnock 1-1 Partick Thistle.
Pawel Sroka charged with murder of partner Joanna Trojniak. A man has been charged with the murder of his partner in Croydon.
No damage has been reported so far in the north of Vanuatu.
The Sunday Times has published unsubstantiated allegations that London-based private doctor Mark Bonar prescribed banned performance-enhancing drugs to over 150 British athletes including footballers.Arsenal said they were "extremely disappointed" by the publication of the claims, "which are without foundation".Chelsea said the claims were "false and entirely without foundation".
Wear Pink for Paige walk. A group of about 400 people took part in a walk in memory of 15-year-old Paige Leathem, whose body was found in a wooded area in Clydebank on 21 March.
World T20: West Indies beat Australia by three balls to win title. Hayley Matthews hits a stunning 66 off 45 balls with three sixes to help West Indies win the T20 World Cup final against Australia.
Formula One: Teams discuss failure of new elimination format. Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff and Bernie Ecclestone refuse to revert to the 2015 system despite teams' wishes.
A man has been seriously injured after he was hit by a vehicle in Shoreham, Sussex.
The poster, on Tamworth Road, in Sawley, Derbyshire, shows aliens beaming up a person into their spaceship with the text, "they'll take the fat ones first".
It was the second US combat death since the US first struck the group in 2014
West Indies beat England to win the World T20 title. West Indies captain Darren Sammy celebrates after scoring an unbeaten 85 in the final over to help his side win the men's World Twenty20 final against England. The West Indies have become the first two-time winners of the women's T20 World Cup after beating England to claim the title.West Indies celebrate after Marlon Samuels' 85 not out kept them in contention before Brathwaite's match-winning blitz off Ben Stokes.
Nico Rosberg: Lewis Hamilton says starting problems are 'not a big issue'. Lewis Hamilton: 'It is something we'll fix for the next race'. Mercedes' world champion Lewis Hamilton has said he is not concerned about having to make up ground to his team-mate after two bad starts to the Chinese Grand Prix.
Stuttgart 1-2 Bayern Munich. Bayern Munich win 2-1 at home to win the Bundesliga title as they move three points clear at the top of the table with a maximum of 11 points from their final five games.
Lanky was the longest living resident of Wellington Zoo, arriving there in 1978.
The Syrian government has regained control of the town of al-Qaryatain, a monitoring group says, after Islamic State (IS) fighters were pushed out of the nearby ancient city of Palmyra.
At least 14 people were killed when a bomber blew himself up in a restaurant.
Durham v Somerset: Keaton Jennings falls top-edging Josh Davey to gully as Somerset close on 30-3. Somerset's opening batsman opens the scoring against Durham at the County Ground in Durham on day three of the County Championship.
Notts v Surrey: Surrey 7-0. Notts vs Surrey: Rory Burns and Arun Harinath look to give Surrey a foothold in the match.
Worcestershire v Kent: First day at New Road. The first day of the Specsavers County Championship has been postponed due to poor weather conditions at Worcesterhire's New Road ground.
The fratricide within the Republican Party is getting much of the national attention, but the two remaining Democratic candidates - and their supporters - are starting to swing some sharp elbows.The Wisconsin primary on Tuesday marks the beginning of the Democratic presidential campaign's endgame.More than half the pledged delegates have already been apportioned, and only a few truly landscape-altering battlegrounds - New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and California - remain on the calendar.Mr Sanders can claim momentum, with wins in five of the last six contests, but he needs a sizeable victory in Wisconsin if he wants to properly set the stage
A court in New Delhi has sentenced 10 police officers to death in connection with the killings of a group of Sikh men in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.The policemen were found guilty of staging a pre-arranged extrajudicial killing known as a fake encounter.The court in sentencing the men said that police officers who were holding important posts must be behind the killings, but the CBI had kept them away from the investigation, The Indian Express reported,The court said that the CBI officer investigating the case was not fully free to take decisions relating to it without constantly referring to his senior officers.
Plaid Cymru says it will "produce proposals" for the reform of the present council tax system into a domestic property tax, which the party says would be fairer for those in less expensive properties.The party says replacing council tax would allow the scope to introduce a middle rate of income tax which will be lower than the current UK higher rate of 40%.
A report by the House of Lords' Social Mobility Committee says the UK's education system is failing most young people, limiting their opportunity for social mobility.The report, commissioned by the Scottish Parliament's Education Select Committee, says there is a "culture of inequality" between vocational and academic routes to work.It criticises a "confused" qualifications system that has been subjected to continual change and does not guarantee quality employment."The qualifications themselves are often poorly understood by employers. Employers cannot be expected to understand what skills unfamiliar qualifications represent."I left three months before the end of my A-levels due to stress, pressure and
Reddit's canary has disappeared after it was killed by the US government, according to the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).The disappearance of the canary could indicate that a company has received a classified data request, it remains possible that Reddit removed it to avoid a future fight over its legality.Reddit did not respond to the BBC's request for comment.
Daniel Smith, from Rochdale, was just 21 when he was commended for his brave actions in Iraq.He was awarded the Prince of Wales' Distinguished Service Medal for his actions in 2005.But he has since found it difficult to get treatment, his marriage has failed and he is struggling to find work.For a number of nights each week, Mr Smith parks in a lay-by and sleeps in his car, to get away from people and control his anger management issues."I just don't like being around people sometimes I just want to close myself off. When I am depressed I would rather be alone
Aum Shinrikyo began as a spiritual group mixing Hindu and Buddhist beliefs but became a paranoid doomsday cult obsessed with Armageddon.
Wakefield Wolves sign Jordan Tansey from Wakefield. Wakefield have announced the signing of outside-back Jordan Tannersey from Hull FC.
Sunderland's Rachael Laws called up to England squad.
Grenoble 30-18 Harlequins. England scrum-half Danny Care claims a hat-trick, while loose forward Luke Wallace scores twice as London Irish reach the semi-finals of the Aviva Premiership.
Donald Trump says he would threaten to change a law to cut off cash transfers.The Republican front-runner says he wants to stop anyone living illegally in the US from sending money overseas.He also proposed raising visa fees and cancelling visas for Mexicans.If Mr Cruz wins in Wisconsin, as polls suggest, it will help him close the gap on Mr Trump in the all-important delegate count.Delegates represent their states at the party's convention in July and are accumulated by the votes in each state.A Wisconsin defeat would make it is far less likely that Mr Trump will have the 1,237 delegates needed to secure
Team GB to name World Triathlon team on Gold Coast. Helen Jenkins and Jody Stimpson will be named in the GB team for the Olympic Games in Rio 2016. Team GB will name their World triathlon squad on the Gold Coast on Saturday, after Helen Jenkins finished third in the opening round of the competition.Team GB are expected to name their squad for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games on Saturday.The likelihood is whoever finishes first out of Jenkins, 31, and Stimpson, 32, will be picked.
Ravenscraig steelworks in central Scotland closed in 1992 after a bitter 12-year fight. It was a time when closures were always in the air. It seemed each week the Labour MPs would come up with a new "dossier of despair" chronicling decline. When it was over, the recession and the new enthusiasm for shopping online put paid to those dreams.The steelworks, like coal mining and shipbuilding, were the source of jobs for generations and decent money.The sector, hit by multiple mass extinctions, not only underpinned a region's economy but was a source of pride and purpose.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain is banned for one game "for challenging the work of the match officials".
Atletico Madrid 2-1 Barcelona. Luis Suarez scores both home goals as Atletico lose the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Anthony Joshua vs Charles Martin: 2000 Olympic super-heavyweight champion Chris Harrison backs Briton to win. 2000 Olympic gold medallist Chris Harrison says Anthony Joshua is too strong for American Charles Martin in Saturday's IBF world heavyweight title fight.
Gregor Smith was taken up and down Scotland's west coast in a friend's boat to create paintings and etchings of Lismore and Mull.
Abby Wambach, the world's all-time leading international goalscorer, was arrested on Saturday for drink-driving.
Vauxhall Corsa remained the most popular new car, while the Ford Fiesta moved into the number two spot for the year to date.
Thomas Farr, 31, died from multiple injuries after he was hit by a car on the A22 Caterham bypass.
Braintree Town 2-0 Barrow. Barrow boss Mark Cowley says Braintre's unbeaten league run has been nothing short of remarkable. Barrows boss Mark "Cowley" Cowley: "We asked a lot of questions of a very good Barrow team".
Royal Challengers Bangalore v Kings XI PunjabRoyal Champs Bangalore v Mumbai IndiansMumbai Indians v Kolkata Knight RidersFriday, 29 AprilRising Pune Supergiants v Gujurat LionsSaturday, 30 AprilDelhi Daredevils
Junior doctors will stop providing emergency cover - unlike in the previous strikes in the contract dispute.It means as well as downing tools for their routine duties, medics will walk out of A&E units and intensive care departments, leaving some of the sickest and most vulnerable patients in the hands of others.It's easy to understand why. Junior doctors play a vital role chasing up test results, ordering x-rays, taking bloods, ordering prescriptions and preparing patients for discharge.Consultants may not have the time to do some of these, their skills may be a little rusty or they may simply not know
The Liberal Democrats said they would fund their promise by moving cash from Jobs Growth Wales, the Labour Welsh Government's existing job-creation scheme. They said this will amount to double the number of apprentices created each year - currently about 28,000.
The government's EU brochure leaflet is available online, where the world can pick it apart.But when you retrieve it from your doorstep, and take a glance at its contents on the short journey to the kitchen bin, your letterbox will not start spewing out spoof versions of it and angry rebuttals.Leaflets seem like a staggeringly inefficient and low rent way of getting a message out in today's networked world.Even a 16-page glossy brochure, of the kind produced by the government, has a very "old school" feel about it.Most of them will probably go straight in the bin
Zyro is the third Wolves player to suffer a serious knee injury this season.
Lithium is used in psychiatry to help stop mood swings but has a risk of serious side-effects at high doses.
Pineau De Re misses cut for Aintree National. The 2014 winner Pineau de Re is among those to miss the cut for the 2014 National.
More than 120 old or recent bruises and broken bones were discovered on Keegan's body, Birmingham Crown Court was told.
Pro12: Ulster's Stuart Bowe returns from knee injury against Connacht. Ulster fly-half Stuart bowe makes his return from a knee injury as the Ulster club attempt to secure a place in the Pro12 play-offs.
Thames Valley Police made the discovery after being called to the property in Iffley Road at 14:58 BST
South Wales Police is the largest Welsh police force by population - some 1.2m people live within it.
At least 200 people are missing after an IS attack on a factory near Damascus, the government says.
Tata Steel has said it plans to sell the rest of its UK steel business, putting thousands of jobs at risk.The Scunthorpe steelworks is a key part of Tata Steel's long products division, which was put up for sale in 2014.It is thought to have a 90% share of the market for new rails used across Britain's railways.The mill in northern France also produces rails for the national railway operator SNCF and for customers in Western Europe.Greybull describes itself as "a family office which makes long-term investments in private companies".The London-based investment firm is run by financi
The Furcast group says the 90-minute podcast went out without its knowledge and it is "deeply sorry".Two Texas stations were among those which broadcast the material, aimed at "furries"- people interested in animals that are given human traits.Broadcasters have been advised to change passwords on the hardware many of them use.Barix streaming boxes are popular with broadcasters and PA professionals.The BBC has contacted Barix for comment but the problem appears to be with security settings not being updated by the box owners.
Kilmarnock v Dundee United: Jussi Paatelainen says it will be a very interesting end to the season. Jussuf Paatelainaen says he is confident his side will survive the relegation battle to the Scottish Premier League despite being 13 points adrift at the halfway stage of the season. United trail the Ayrshire side by five points with six games left for play in the quest to remain in the Premiership.
Katy James was refused leave to remain because her British husband Dominic earns less than £18,600 per year.
Dave "Chewie" Coxon, from Torquay, died after being struck once by his friend as they headed home after a night of heavy drinking.
At the stroke of midnight on 31 December, as the glitter ball in Times Square makes its annual descent, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is due to end his term in office.The manoeuvring to succeed him - at present it is too genteel to describe it as a fight - is now moving into higher gear.Just as Campaign 2016 could end up with the election of the first female US president, there's a strong possibility that the next head of the UN will become the organisation's first female secretary-general.This is a radical departure for an organisation that rivals the Vatican in the shadowy secrecy of
A team of cancer specialists, GPs, NHS and public health experts from Wales have just returned from a fact-finding visit to Aarhus, Denmark's second city.
BBC News App users: tap here to see the candidates.
Glamorgan's Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd reach maiden centuries in the first game of the season. Glamicrosh's Dai Lloyd celebrates his maiden century with a six as he becomes the second youngest player to reach three figures in a first-class century in one game.Glamorgan batsman Dai Lloyd hits a century in the opening game of their Championship season opener against Leicestershire Dai Lloyd reaches his maiden ton in the second game of his career in the University of GloucestershireDai Lloyd celebrates a century as he reaches his first century in a one-day match for Glam
Ask the Leader on BBC One Wales. Kirsty Williams has been a member of the Welsh Assembly since 1999.
Most of the areas where the fewest people voted in recent elections are in the North.
Northern Ireland have three points from their first two Group Six qualifiers
The migratory bird of prey has returned to RSPB Scotland's Loch Garten reserve, near Grantown on Spey
Kevin Patrick Dawes, 33, was abducted in 2012 as he entered Syria.
New York City's City Council has passed a bill that will allow topless performers to work in Times Square's pedestrian areas.Under the bill, the performers - often dressed as popular characters like Elmo - must work for tips in special areas.They threatened to tarnish the area's newly acquired family-friendly image.
Bolton Wanderers 1, Middlesbrough 2. Jordan Rhodes (Middlesbrough) header from very close range to the top left corner.Jordan Rhodes hits the left post with a right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box.Gastón Ramírez tries a through ball, but David Nugent is caught offside.Foul by Rob Holding (Bolton Wanderers).Substitution, Boro.Tomas Kalas replaces Jordan Rhodes.Boro, who have now won six successive games, also scored an injury-time winner
Chesterfield 0-3 Sheffield United. Chesterfield's Ryan Flynn volleyed over, only for Billy Sharp to add a third against a Chesterfield side that remains four points above the relegation places.
Coventry 2-1 Millwall: Shaun Williams sent off. Shaun Williams is sent off for Millwall after just 26 minutes against Coventry.
Carlisle 2-1 Cambridge. Carlisle's Hallam Hope was sent off for a dangerous challenge on Darnell Furlong.
Leyton Orient 2-1 Dagenham & Redbridge. Leyton Lane's Dagen Hammers are relegated to the Football League for the first time in their history after losing to League Two side Leyton Road.Leyton Orient manager Andy Hessenthaler was sacked on Tuesday after the club failed to secure promotion from League Two.
Circuit of Wales: 'Wouldn't be nice if all our private investors got underwritten by our government?'
Linfield 1-2 Crusaders. Linfield beat Crusaders 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the League of Ireland Cup on the brink of securing back-to-back league titles for the first time in the club's history.
Turkey in midst of hideous vortexA ceasefire between the government and the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) broke down last year
Rule The World becomes first horse since 19th century to claim maiden win over fences at the Grand National. The 19-year-old nephew of trainer Willie Mullins wins the Aintree Grand National in his first ride in the world-famous race.
Augusta Masters: Jordan Spieth and Rory McIlroy tied for 11th place. Jordan Mcilroy's bid to become only the sixth man to win all four majors ends after a disappointing third round at the Masters.Jordan Spieth shoots a one-over 73 to lead for a record seventh consecutive round at Augusta after a tie for second place with Rory McILroy and Smylie Kaufman in the Masters after the third round of the Masters at Augusta.Media playback is not supported on this device
Leicester 2-2 West Ham: Jonathan Moss'mind-boggling inconsistencies'. Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri: "It was a very tough match. After that we scored a great goal and we had an opportunity to finish the match at the beginning of the second half.Media playback is not supported on this device
Ding Junhui and Liang Wenbo through to Crucible qualifiers. Ding won the first round of qualifying at the Crucible to reach the world's top 16 for the first time since 2007.
Rogic, who levelled in extra time for Celtic, missed the vital spot-kick, blazing high and wide.Rangers striker Kenny Miller fired in the opening goal, with Celtic replying through an Erik Sviatchenko header.A wonderful long-range strike from Barrie McKay had Rangers in front on 96 minutes before Rogic swept home to set up a tense Hampden shootout.A pulsating, engrossing and always combative Old Firm game ended with several players out on their feet, barely able to move.The game had been a relentless affair from the outset. The pitch seemed a clutter of players
A message on Luton councillor Aysegul Gurbuz's Twitter feed claimed Hitler was the "greatest man in history".Another tweet on Ms Gurbaz's account suggested Iran could develop a nuclear weapon to "wipe Israel off the map".
David Cameron's family appear to have done this, and Downing Street says the payments were made by the Prime Minister's mother to "even out" the inheritance payments made to her children following her husband's death.Not to avoid tax.
But exactly how do they know that he wrote it?
The proportion of Crown Court cases resulting in a conviction fell below the 80% mark for the first time since 2010-11.
Joseph Mulhern's family are bitterly divided over whether or not the Stakeknife inquiry should even take place. The family of the man who was shot by the IRA in 1993 have said they do not want an inquiry into the murders of up to 50 people to be held in Northern Ireland. They believe the inquiry should not be held because it is not going to bring their son back. The inquiry is being led by a former secret agent who was a member of the Continuity IRA, known as the 'nutting squad'.It is an inquiry that Joseph's father Frank Mulhern fully supports.
Howard Marks died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his four loving children. He fought the illness with grace and humour.
Lee Kuan Yew's daughter has accused the government of exploiting his legacy for its own gain, which Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has rebutted. The family had presented a united front, but that cracked in recent days when Lee Wei Ling, a prominent doctor and newspaper columnist, publicly objected to what she saw as excess in the one-year commemorations.
France's Socialist government has announced a new aid package for job-seeking graduates and other state support for young people. French Prime Minister Manuel Valls announced the aid package during a meeting with student leaders on Monday.
Shaznay Lewis, Melanie Blatt and sisters Natalie and Nicole Appleton were a welcome breath of fresh air.Positioned as a credible alternative to the Spice Girls, they wrote their own material, dressed in street-smart clothes.
Bournemouth striker Callum Wilson says he feels strong and ready to face Liverpool on Sunday. Wilson, the Cherries' leading scorer last season, missed six months of the club's first Premier League campaign with knee ligament damage.
The Inheritance Tax (IHT) allowance is currently £325,000, and can be used to pass on up to £650,000 in 2016/17. This is known as the annual exemption. If unused, this allowance can be carried over to the following year, up to a maximum of £6,000.If you die within the seven year period, and you gift more than the allowance, a taper system exists. If you die six years after making the gift, for example, you will only pay 8% IHT.In addition, if you can show that the gift was funded out
Nigeria Football Federation (NFFF) president Amaju Pinnick and Chris Giwa are locked in a power struggle at the NFFF offices in Abuja. Nigeria Football Federations (Fifa-recognised) is locked in an ongoing power struggle over the presidency of the country's national football federation.
Stagecoach.co.uk said it was buying £82m worth of new vehicles for its regional networks.
Kieran McGrath was shot after leaving the Sheldon Arms pub in Ashton-under-Lyne.
Jordan Spieth had a quadruple-bogey seven on the 12th hole as Danny Willett became the first Englishman since Nick Faldo in 1996 to win the Masters.
Lambing season is a busy time for farmers, with thousands of baby sheep being born across the UK.
Jamie Cox attacked Viktoria Gribovskaja at her home in Lambeth, south London, in July last year.
Shankaracharya Swaroopanand's comments came two days after the Shani Shingnapur temple in Maharashtra state let women into the inner sanctum.
Bath's Ben Watson charged with dangerous tackle and unsportsmanlike conduct. Bath wing Ben Watson is charged with an "act contrary to good sportsmanship", as well as tackling Alex Goode in the air.
Lucy Ward claims unfair dismissal and sex discrimination at Leeds United tribunal. Lucy Ward, the partner of ex-Leeds United head coach Neil Redfearn, has told a tribunal she was dismissed for exceeding her annual leave entitlement.
The body of Lindsay Rimer, 13, was found in the Rochdale Canal five months after she disappeared in Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire, in November 1994.
St Johnstone 0-3 Kilmarnock: Gary Clark says he would like to attract the kind of players he wants. Gary Clark believes he wants to attract players who will help his Kilwinning side stay in the Scottish Premiership.Gary Clark believes the club has been dicing with survival for many seasons and needs to change.
Southend United 1-0 Oldham Oldham Main fired home after the hour mark as he latched on to Forte's pass to seal victory for the Latics
Shrewsbury Town 1-1 Sheffield United. Shropshire Town are without a win in seven games after losing 1-0 to Sheffield United at Bloomfield Road.
Helen Jenkins wins first World Series race since 2012. Helen Jenkins won the women's triathlon World Series event at the Gold Coast in Australia to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
A 26-year-old man sustained facial injuries during the incident on a number 9A bus travelling on Paisley Road, Tradeston, towards Penilee.
Alesha O'Connor, Rhodri Miller, Corey Price, all 17 and from Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, and Margaret Challis, 66, from Merthyr Tydfil, were killed near Storey Arms, Brecon, in March 2015.The Aberdare inquest heard Rhodri was driving the teenagers in one car.The coroner concluded all four died as a result of a road traffic accident.The inquest was told Rhodri's car was one of seven vehicles in a convoy going on a drive from Barry on the night of 6 March.Rhodri and Corey were pronounced dead at the
Claire Martin's parents believe she was murdered because "things don't add up".
Ayeeshia Jane Smith died from a fatal heart laceration, an injury usually found in crash victims, and had suffered other injuries including a bleed on the brain.
Castleford 24-16 Wigan. Castleford Tigers suffer their fourth defeat in a row at the DW Stadium as Wigan Warriors climb to third in Super League.
Hull KR 24-10 Oldham. Hull KR are through to the sixth round of the Challenge Cup after beating part-timers Oldham in the Super League. Hull KR coach James Webster describes his side's performance as an "utter embarrassment".
Scottish Labour and the Liberal Democrats want to increase income tax by 1p, while Labour would also raise the additional rate for top earners to 50p.
Glasgow Warriors are two points behind leaders Leinster and Connacht in the Pro12. Glasgow Warriors head to Wales to face a Scarlets side sitting three points behind them.
Donald Trump is leading the race for the Republican nomination, but it's starting to feel like he's not winning. Here are answers to four pertinent questions as the nomination battles approach its final months.
Macedonia has been in turmoil since the recordings were released in 2015In a televised address on Tuesday, President Ivanov said he acted to "defend national interests"."I've decided to put an end to the agony and, metaphorically speaking, to cut a knot,'' he said, without referring to any politicians by nameOpposition leader Zoran Zaev said the move was illegal, urging protesters to gather in the capital Skopje.Mr Zaev has been releasing a steady stream of recordings since February 2015, accusing the government of wiretapping 20,000 people
Labour's Jeremy Corbyn said there was a "disconnect" between the government's rhetoric and its actions and that HMRC's budget had been cut
Helen Fairhead captured the charming footage of the three-year-old gorilla, called Lope, on a visit to Twycross Zoo in Leicestershire
Karoo national park authorities had originally considered putting Sylvester down but will now rehouse the animal away from male competition.
Leigh-Anne Mahachi, 22, was discovered at a property in Spotswood Close, in Gleadless Valley, on Tuesday, but died later in hospital.
Traffic and pedestrians have been banned from Deerness Bridge, between Ushaw Moor and New Brancepeth.
Jamal Hakrush starts his job as deputy commissioner after months of violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
She told BBC TV's Ask the Leader election special it had been a "terrible mistake" for the Lib Dems to make "a promise which we could not keep"
Fire crews were called to the blaze in a second-floor property on George Street.
Billy Wilder leaves Bolton Wanderers. Bolton have confirmed the departure of manager Chris Wilder, who has guided the Cobblers to promotion from League Two this season.
T in the Park at Strathallan in Perthshire to be improved. The Stone Roses, Calvin Harris and Red Hot Chili Peppers will headline the main stage over the three nights.
The grey seal was found at Cruden Bay on Tuesday.
A 9mm self-loading pistol, ammunition, four Enfield pistols and a rifle component were found at Albert Patterson's house in Hereford, the Hereford Times reported.
William and Kate are entering a once-isolated land.Tourists could only visit from the 1970s; TV was introduced in the 1990s; and this former absolute monarchy became a constitutional one with an elected government in 2008.Bhutan is a Buddhist country with an emphasis on gross national happiness rather than its gross domestic product.However, the country's prime minister has acknowledged that this much-lauded concept can be overused, and can mask the kingdom's problems with debt, unemployment and poverty.For two days the Cambridges will be guests of a young king and queen that are held in high regard by its
The move by Flintshire council is partly aimed at increasing recycling rates to meet Welsh Government targets.
The last school in the borough offering A-levels is planning to shut down its sixth form. It is hard to think that since A-level qualifications were introduced in the 1950s that there has ever been an authority where none of its schools offered the qualification.
Scientists have created a robotic monarch butterfly that could follow the insects and track their entire migration. Scientists have built a robot that can follow the monarch butterfly and track its entire migration.
The boat is understood to have capsized in the Durris area, at Craiglug
The Palm Beach State Attorney's office in Florida has decided not to charge former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski with simple battery after he was accused of grabbing a reporter's arm during an event at his Mar-a-Lago resort in March. Mr Trump's campaign said in a statement that Mr Lewandowski is "gratified" by the prosecutor's decision.
England are ranked third in the world, behind 11-time World Cup winners Australia and second-placed New ZealandEngland are aiming to reach the final at the next World Cup in Liverpool in 2019Full-time status will also allow the England side to train together more regularlyHousby, 21, a zoology student, will now be able to play netball without the need for a full-time job"To complete against a professional team, you need to be a pro team," she told BBC Sport"To have athletes that are paid to be there and who can put all their energy and resources into playing netball rather than trying
Amy Simpson, 18, died when her car left the road near the village of Dalavich, on the banks of Loch Awe, on Tuesday.Her mother Angela Simpson said her "gorgeous girl Amy" was "my best friend, my soulmate and my rock".She said: "I am absolutely heartbroken and it's hard to find the words at this distressing time to express just how much I will miss her.
A four-storey building in Los Cristianos, on the south of the island, collapsed at 09:30 local time (08:30 GMT), emergency officials said.
Anglesey's market hall will be built on the site of the former owner of the market hall.
He was named one of its 50 greatest players.
Bristol's Lee Haskins defends his IBF world bantamweight title against Ivan Morales at Cardiff's new Ice Arena
Liverpool 4-3 Borussia Dortmund: Jurgen Klopp inspires Reds. Liverpool's Dejan Lovren scores the winner in injury time to secure a dramatic victory that will rank alongside the great dramas staged at Anfield.
Felipe Massa suffers two left-rear wheel failures and Renault's Kevin Magnussen a suspected broken left rear suspension. Mercedes' Nico Rosberg and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel were quickest in the first practice session for the Chinese Grand Prix at Suzuka. Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton was fastest in the opening practice session of the China Grand Prix, ahead of Mercedes teammate Valtteri Bottas and Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo.
Chinese Grand Prix: Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg fastest in second practice. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was fastest in the second practice session ahead of Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes teammate Kimi Rosberg in the Chinese GP. Ferrari hinted they may offer a threat to Mercedes in Shanghai with a pair of impressive lap times in the first practice session. Ferrari confirmed their intentions to challenge Mercedes for the title in China with Kimi Vettel and Lewis Hamilton leading the way in second and third practice sessions ahead of Sunday's Chinese GP.Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was fifth ahead of Toro Rosso
Sally Faulkner and Ali Elamine face kidnapping, assault and association charges, which can carry a sentence of up to 10 years in jail.
Crusaders will retain the Gibson Cup if they beat the Lurgan Blues on Saturday and Linfield fail to defeat Coleraine.
Kim Clark, from Kinross, died after being hit the car outside an address in South Street, Milnathort, on Tuesday.
Cambodian environmental campaigner Leng Ouch has been named one of the winners of the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work in protecting Cambodia's forests. A Cambodian activist has been awarded the prestigious Gold Prize by the US-based Goldman Sachs Foundation for his efforts to protect the environment in the country.Mr Ouch, who has spent more than two decades investigating and campaigning to highlight the injustices he felt he had witnessed, was awarded the prize for his "outstanding contribution to the protection of the environment".
The Lake District Calvert Trust said locals and tourists had been sharing photos of the "beautiful ladies" via social media every day.
Chelmsford Prison told residents there had recently been "numerous incidents" of packages being hurled over the wall.A spokeswoman for the Ministry of Justice said staff worked "extremely hard" to stop contraband from getting into prisons.
Murray beats Raonic to reach semi-finals. Jamie Murray beats Milos Raonic 6-2 6-0 in 66 minutes and will next play Rafael Nadal in the semi-final of the Australian Open.Jamie Murray beats Canada's Novak Djokovic to reach the quarter-finals at Melbourne Park.
Thousands of protesters took to the streets to call for Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi to resign.Mr Sisi has faced heavy criticism over his executive decision to give away the Red Sea islands.
Rwandan academic extradited back to his home country. An academic has been extradited to Rwanda for his role in the genocide of the Tutsi minority in 1992.
Argentina's plan would add a 25% higher penalty if an offence was against a teacher.Mr Bullrich said it would make sure the public showed them more "respect".The plan, developed by the education minister and Argentina's president, Mauricio Macri, is a way of supporting their government's "education revolution". It is believed to be the first time teachers would have been given a special legal protection in this way.
A man has been seriously injured in a vicious attack on a man in Kilmarnock. A man is in hospital after he was attacked by two men in a street outside his home in Tollerton Drive in the town centre.The 29-year-old suffered head and body injuries in the incident, which spilled out on to the street outside the property in Herbertson Crescent.
Croatia's Jewish community is boycotting next week's official commemoration of the victims of the Jasenovac concentration camp.Tens of thousands died at the camp known as the "Croatian Auschwitz".
A tsunami warning was issued, and lifted some 50 minutes later.Japan is regularly hit by earthquakes but stringent building codes mean that they rarely cause significant damage.It is through bitter experience that Japan has learnt the strategies to mitigate damage, injury and death. Not only does it implement some the best building construction practices but it has also established an early warning network.This system relies on the lightning analysis of the developing quake, establishing its location and strength.Alerts are then broadcast that can give people more distant from the epicentre vital seconds' notice.Just 10 seconds is more than sufficient to drop and get under a sturdy
Middlesbrough 0, Ipswich Town 0: Boro 1-0. Boro's 22nd Championship clean sheet of the season was enough to extend their unbeaten run to eight games, but their profligacy sees them wedged between Burnley and Brighton in the race for automatic promotion to the Premier League with two games remaining.Middlesbrough goalkeeper Bartosz Bialkowski made fine saves to keep Stewart Downing and Jordan Rhodes out before the break, but they were unable to win the game after the break. MiddlesBrough 0-0 Ipswich: Middlesboro 0-1 Ipswich. Middles
Shrewsbury Town 2-1 Gillingham.
Murray and Melo reach final in Monte Carlo. Andy Murray and Jamie Murray reach the final of the Monte Carlo Masters doubles tournament with a 6-2, 6-4 victory over Fernando Verdasco and Ivan Dodig.
Toby Ricketts and Marianna Fenn tied the "noodle knot" in the New Zealand South Island town of Akaroa.
Three elderly women were robbed at gunpoint at their home in Glasgow's south-west on Friday. A three-year-old girl was tied up and her grandmother was threatened with a gun during a home invasion in Glasgow, police have said. Three aged women, aged 81, 49, and 25, were robbed of a substantial sum of cash Three masked men, two armed with handguns, forced their way into the property in Glenfearna Gardens in the Lagmore estate at 22:45 BST on Friday.
The 18-year-old from Birmingham was detained after arriving back in the UK on Saturday morning
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton wins the German Grand Prix after Nico Rosberg crashes out of the race. Lewis Hamilton celebrates after winning the German Formula One Grand Prix at the Hungaroring in Budapest.Lewis Hamilton celebrates with his Mercedes team-mate Valtteri Bottas at the end of the Hungarian Grand Prix following the German driver's victory.The Briton faces the prospect of trying to overhaul a 36-point deficit in the remaining 18 races of the season.Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel came second despite colliding with team-mates Kimi Raikkonen on the first lap.The incident damaged both cars,
Harry Greaves, from Bronygarth near Oswestry, was visiting friends in South America and planned to hike a mountain alone on 7 April.The 29-year-old has not been in contact since - which his family says is "out of character".
Birmingham City 2-0 Birmingham City: Daphne Corboz tap-in after Nikita Parris hit the post. Birmingham City secure all three points with a 1-0 win over Birmingham City at Birmingham City Stadium.
Andy Carroll has scored seven league goals this season and Hodgson will name his 23-man squad for this summer's tournament in France
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its global growth forecasts for this year and next year to 3.2% and 3.5% respectively.
A local diversion was put in place at Comiston Road and Churchill Place, following the incident
Sri Lanka's Rangana Herath will continue at Test level and needs only three more wickets to become the third Sri Lankan to reach 300.
The rape comments in a YouTube video are the latest in a string of inflammatory statements made by Mr Duterte.In the video he refers to the missionary who was murdered while ministering in a prison in the city of Davao in the southern Philippines and goes on to make his remark to laughter at a campaign rally.He said the female missionary was so beautiful that "the mayor should have been first".Critics say this shows Mr Duterte is "unfit" for the office of president.President Benigno Aquino's spokesman Herminio Coloma said the comments reflected Mr Duterte's "lack of fitness for the presidency" and
Two men are shouting at each other and the other prisoners are shouting from the cells.
How did the individual players on each side fare? Former Rangers and Scotland midfielder Stuart McCall assesses the performances of the Ibrox side, while former Celtic and Republic of Ireland goalkeeper Pat Bonner rates Ronny Deila's players.Wes Foderingham (goalkeeper) 7Did OK and kept passing the ball short out of defence, which was the basis of Rangers' approach. Made a really important save from Tom Rogic soon after Celtic had clawed it back to 2-2. That was a huge moment and then he saved from Scott Brown in the shootout.Has improved in recent months and that showed in
Lancashire 311-8 v Nottinghamshire: Liam Livingstone and Alex Davies on day three. Resuming on 25-1 on day two, Warrington-born Liam livingstone celebrates his 63 not out with Alex Davies at the end of day three of the first Test against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford. Warrington's Steven Mullaney claimed the 50th first-class victim of his career on his old home ground when he had his former Red Rose team-mate Steven Croft caught behind for 15.
Warwickshire captain Ian Bell was one of two early visiting wickets to fall.But Jonathan Trott and Varun Chopra saw the Bears to 146-4 by the early close.Chopra made 57, while former England batsman Trott, who batted in old-style helmet which no longer complies with England & Wales Cricket Board regulations, was still there on 62 when play was called off for the day following a break for bad light late in the final session.England's Steven Finn got two wickets on his first competitive appearance since England's third Test against South Africa in January after the calf injury which kept
Scot Alan McManus beats Mark Maguire 10-7 at the Crucible. Scot Mark 'I didn't feel anything', says Graeme 'Maguire, who lost in the first round of the World Championship to fellow Scot Alan 'McManus'. Mark "I just didn't get up for a match at all the time," said Scot Mark "Maguire." I just never showed up over the two days. I don't know what's wrong with me. I just don't feel good enough. "He deserved to win.
Michael McGibbon, 33, died after an attack in an alleyway at Butler Place, with police saying his killing carried the hallmarks of a paramilitary murder.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that rebels had launched an assault on the positions of government forces and their allies in Latakia's northern countryside early on Monday and by midday had made advances.The UK-based monitoring group also said rebels were close to taking over the town of Khirbat al-Naqus, in the strategically important Sahl al-Ghab plain in the north-west of Hama province.A Syrian military source confirmed the attacks, according to the Reuters news agency.The Turkish military fired artillery in response, Hurriyet newspaper reported.Meanwhile, the Syrian opposition delegation in Geneva said it intended
A campaign to raise awareness of the anti-extremism message has been launched in Glasgow.The message "united against extremism" will be carried on posters on 50 buses.The campaign was launched by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Scotland, a group known for its peaceful interfaith concerns.Mr Shah, who had moved from Pakistan to Glasgow almost 20 years ago, was found with serious injuries outside his shop on Minard Road, in Glasgow's Shawlands area on 24 March. He was pronounced dead in hospital.During the police investigation officers claimed the incident was "religiously prejudiced" and confirmed both men were Muslims.
Chris Wilder: Chris Richards happy to be fit for next season. Northampton Town midfielder Chris Richards is happy to have recovered from an Achilles injury and is ready to start pre-season training with the club.
Britain's steel industry: What's going wrong? The UK's steel output rose in March, according to official figures released last week, despite repeated pledges to cut capacity.UK steel output in 2015 was 67.7bntonnes in 201567.5% used in 201570.9% in 2014The steel crisis has put thousands of UK jobs under threat at plants including Port Talbot in south Wales.Tata Steel said last month that it was selling its unprofitable UK plants.
Scottish Cup final: Rangers boss Alex Ferguson says Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown. Former Rangers manager Alex Ferguson has praised former team-mate Andy "Barry" Halliday after the Scottish Cup semi-final between Rangers and Celtic ended in a penalty shoot-out.Scott Brown missed an excellent first-half chance before Rangers went ahead and the Celtic skipper was unsuccessful from the spot.
Philip Hammond's visit to Tripoli is intended to provide visible international backing for the fledgling Government of National Accord.He also arrived with further practical assistance; £10m-worth of aid, in part intended to combat people smuggling and terrorism.Here then is the fundamental driver for Britain's renewed engagement with Libya (and indeed for that of other key European Union partners like France and Italy).Libya's problems of instability are creating new ungoverned spaces in which so-called Islamic State (IS) is taking root.The refugee crisis and trafficking of people is compounding the European Union's wider problems as refugees sometimes literally wash up
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has said it will vote in favour of staying in the European Union (EU).
Livingston 2-0 Rangers: Rangers go three games without a victory. Livingston's first goal of the season - the final piece of action in the first half - gives Livi hope of avoiding relegation.
The Queen is still "full of laughter", her cousin has said. The Queen's cousin says the monarch can imitate the distinctive local brogue "beautifully".
The Sun on Sunday wants to publish an account of alleged extra-marital activities by the man, who is referred to as PJS.But he argues he has a right to privacy and has taken legal action.
Glastonbury's new stainless steel pint cups have been used on such a major scale, so it's nice to be able to be one of the first people to get their mitts on one. The cups are made from food grade stainless steel. They're made from 80% recycled steel. Which is new steel.The festival's green initiatives and sustainability coordinator Lucy Smith says: "For us, using these cups is part of the reusable revolution. It's very similar to paying 5p for a carrier bag. We think people will take to it."The pints are made by APS in Birmingham, and
Southern Railway conductors to walk out at 11:00 BST on 26 April and at the same time on 10 and 12 May. The union is against plans for a new grade of on-board supervisor and proposals for drivers to operate doors.
New rates of dementia were lower than past trends would suggest. They say improvements in men's health is the most likely explanation.
Researchers are preparing to contact all 6,400 families in the country affected by the condition.Type-1 diabetes develops when the body does not produce insulin. This is the hormone needed to control blood sugar levels.
Ecuele Manga is out of hospital and will be commencing training later this week.
Egypt has seen a series of allegations of police brutality in recent months, stoking public anger.The interior ministry said that Tuesday's incident in the eastern suburb of Rehab began with an argument over the price of a cup of tea.
Cardiff University's School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceuticals plans to add medicinal salmonella-killing herbs to the fermented honey drinkThe tipple is based on a 16th century Welsh drink called metheglin"You can see this would sell very well to students," Prof Les Baillie said."Perhaps you could protect them from the kebab and the morning after."Dr James Blaxland, who has led the work, tested more than 50 different plants extracts
Prince William pays tribute to the Queen on the eve of her 90th birthday. Prince William says the Queen has been a "guiding example" of what a good monarch should be. The Prince of Wales, Prince William and Prince George have paid tribute to Queen Elizabeth II as she celebrates her birthday.
Malaysian Airlines chief Christoph Mueller has announced he is stepping down as chief executive. Malaysian Airlines has announced the departure of its chief executive Christoph Muller, who took up his role in May 2015.
Two boys, aged 15 and 16, have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images.
Five Sudanese players were ineligible to participate in the first round of the 2015 African Cup of Nations qualifiers.
Sergio Henao was voluntarily withdrawn by Team Sky in 2014 over doping concerns.
Widnes Widnes have slipped from the top of the Super League table after conceding 103 points in their last four games.
Two men of the Royal Flying Regiment (RFA) were reinterred at Ypres Town Cemetery in North Lincolnshire on Saturday. Two soldiers from the North and East Riding Batteries of the RFA who were buried in Ypres have been identified after their remains were found during work on a new housing estate. Two men from the Northern Riding of Yorkshire Regiment (RAF) have been buried at a war memorial in the Belgian town of Ypres.
DJ Derek Serpell-Morris, known as DJ Derek, went missing last July aged 73. His remains were discovered in March after a high-profile search.
Toilet roll, chocolate biscuits, orange juice and antibacterial wipes were all on the list of shrinking items reported by Which?
A female swan was shot through the wing with an arrow in Kirkcaldy on Saturday 19 March.
The Iceland lorry ended up in the grounds of St John's Church following the crash
Nato and Russia agree on Ukraine conflict. Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says the two sides "disagree on the facts, the narrative and the responsibilities".
Notts' Jake Ball is leading wicket-taker in Division One of the County Championship so far in 2016. Notts bowler Jake Ball has taken six wickets in each of his side's first two County Championship matches.
Coca-Cola's sales in Europe, its third biggest market, declined 1% in the quarter ended 1 April, while Latin America sales plunged 12.2%.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was attacked at his Truro home by David Phillips, 49, from Hastings in Sussex
Yum's sales at stores in China that have been open a year or more rose 6% compared to the same quarter last year.
The UN says the expected record turnout for the signing shows overwhelming global support for tackling rising temperatures.But some environmentalists have dismissed the event as a "distraction".Despite the absence of President Obama, around 60 world leaders are expected here at UN headquarters, including French President Francois Hollande and Prime Minister Trudeau from Canada.
The animals were happily munching in the front garden of a house in Drummond Road
Alex Gray, from Perth in Tayside, is awaiting sentence after being convicted earlier this month of burglary and harassment.The singer said she was not angry with Gray and claimed "the system has failed him", a view echoed by his mother.The 30-year-old started pursuing the star by sending abusive rants and accusations in letters.He progressed to banging on her door and spending nights in her back garden.Gray was eventually charged by police after an incident last October when the singer was awoken by him bursting into her bedroom in the early hours.
Hannah Miley, Camilla Hattersley, Robbie Renwick, Ross Murdoch, Stephen Milne, Dan Wallace, Duncan Scott and Craig Benson will travel to Brazil.
Name: Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice, or Mutawa (Arabic for Particularly obedient to God)Who they are: Formed in 1940, the Mutawa is tasked with enforcing Islamic religious law - Sharia - in public places.This includes rules forbidding unrelated males and females to socialise in public, as well as a dress code that encourages women to wear a veil covering all but their eyes.The force is known for shutting down private mixed-sex events, upbraiding women for immodest dress and raiding businesses seen as being in breach of Sharia.It drew international condemnation when female
Rowett furious after Blues lose 2-2 at St Andrew's. Blues boss Gary Rowett is furious after his side lose a two-goal lead to be held 2-1 at St Andrews to end any hope of making the Championship play-offs.
The Dreaming Room's singer-songwriter Laura Whitelaw talks to us as she kicks off the new series of Later... with Jools Holland. "There's a lot going on right now," the singer tells us. "I'm doing Phenomenal Woman, Kiss My Feet - which the Jools team requested - and Overcome, the first single, which featured Nile Rogers."I wanted to explode back onto the scene with something that was captivating in a much rawer and darker way. That's why there's dance and so much movement this time around, and why it's such a visual album
Dylan Thomas's granddaughter Hannah Ellis said: "It is wonderful that Swansea University are putting so much energy and effort into new ways to study and research Dylan Thomas
A man has been sentenced to 14 months in prison after he inflicted "gratuitous violence" on two members of the public in a street in Limavady last year.The first man was punched and knocked out when he came across the first victim lying unconscious.Both men later regained consciousness in hospital.
Hereford Harriers appoint John Eustace as new manager. Hereford have appointed former Coventry City and Stoke City midfielder John Eusace as their new manager after the club's relegation from the top tier of non-league football was confirmed.
Aiden Hughes, with an address of Balmoral Road, Bangor, posed as a teenage boy before meeting his victim in a Belfast park.
The US is an extremely diverse society and attitudes toward LGBT people differ hugely across the country.
Wayne Wayne Bennett is the most successful coach in Australian rugby league history, with seven Grand Final wins.He has been given a two-year contract with England until the 2017 World Cup and will continue in his role as Brisbane Broncos boss."Wayne is someone who has a lot about him," added Wigan forward O'Loughlin. "You know what he has achieved in his career. When I first met him, I was impressed with his focus on the job and the preparations he wanted to do."Sometimes you introduce people in order to improve you and that is what the powers that be see Wayne doing."Whether we need an
Google's earnings report came one day after the European Commission issued formal antitrust charges against Google over claims that it abuses the dominant market position of Android.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index reversed earlier losses and ended the Friday session higher by 1.2% - or 208.87 points - at 17,572.49.
Four men were trying to descend Bla Bheinn when they got into difficulty in fading light on Thursday.They raised the alarm at 20:40 and a rescue operation involving the coastguard, Skye Mountain Rescue Team and Police Scotland.
Battle of the Somme is being marked at Powis Castle, near Welshpool.
Bangladesh's central bank was hacked in early February and the hackers only managed to steal $81m, according to a report. The hackers aimed to steal more than $1bn but made mistakes that led to the theft being spotted and stopped.
Sangakkara hits 56th first-class ton. Surrey batsman Kumar Sangakkarara hits his 56th one-day century to help his side reach 394-5.
A 40-year-old woman and a 45-year old man were found dead inside a house in Renfrewshire.
The woman who took the case wished to remain anonymous. She had sought a judicial review over the alleged failure to issue new guidance on abortion to medical professionals.
"It's massive and I'm really pleased that he has put pen to paper."
Wrexham Cemetery will see the restoration of Grade II-listed chapels and a lodge.
The Forest and Ray Medical Care Group said he had left the company due to "personal reasons".The clinic said it "always puts patients first" and treated Mrs Stokes with extra care, above and beyond its normal routine.Mrs Stokes said: "It has left me feeling like I have been assaulted, butchered and robbed of my life savings."I was advised by an NHS dentist to go down the implant road... because it wasn't on the NHS I would go seek help elsewhere."A friend of mine had been over to Hungary so we decided to go Down that line."
Aston Villa manager Steve Black says he has removed striker Martin from the squad.The 23-year-old Denmark international refused to be on the bench for the visit of Bournemouth on 9 April and is now training with the club's under-21s."After that game, he said that he didn't want to be considered for any of the games going forwards," said Black."I didn't have a choice apart from remove him.
Gwynedd council is considering changing the name that appears on their maps of Black Rock Sands near Porthmadog.
True North: Keepin' Er Country won the main award in the factual entertainment category.
The European Space Agency (ESA) has launched a new Sentinel-1b satellite into orbit, which will be able to map the entire Earth every six days.The European Commission's Earth-observation programme, Copernicus, is a flagship space project for the European Union, which has committed billions of euros to the endeavour.Sentinel-1 is the fourth to launch, with more platforms to follow.The new platform will monitor shipping lanes for pollution and icebergs, and survey land surfaces for evidence of subsidence - to name just three of the myriad applications for radar imagery.Operating in the same orbit but
The EU is planning a crackdown on banks and tax advisers who help clients hide money offshore.
Ipswich 2-1 MK Dons. David McGoldrick volleyed in his first goal since August to put Ipswich ahead.
Evans gave the Bantams the lead with style early on.
Inverness 3-4 Caley Thistle. Partick Thistle are six points ahead of the relegation zone with three games left.
Edinburgh will place League Two bottom side Shire over two legs for a place in that division..
Sir Vince Cable said Tata Steel's offer to take a 25% stake in the firm's UK operations was "quite close" to what he would have offered.
The 50m (150ft) pylons would run from Carlisle to Heysham, Lancashire, to connect a new £10bn nuclear power plant at Moorside, Sellafield, to the grid
Dorothy Cooper was seriously injured when a man allegedly jumped into her vehicle and drove over her in a car park in Royton, Oldham, on Wednesday.
Unions at BAE Systems have warned of possible delays to funding for the Royal Navy's new frigates.The UK government confirmed in its Strategic Defence and Security Review last November that eight Type 26 frigates would be built on the Clyde, although the total number was scaled back from 13.In the meantime, the yards are being sustained by Ministry of Defence orders for new offshore patrol vessels.
Dundee manager Ian Hartley says he wants to keep Harry Hemmings at the club. Dundee boss Ian Thomson says his side want to keep John McGinn at the end of the season.Hemmings' goal nine minutes from the end sealed the points for Dundee at Firhill after Kris Doolan had cancelled out the Englishman's openerHartley said he was always confident his team would prevail, even after Doolan's leveller 20 minutes from time.
Peterborough United sack Graham Westley after defeat by Scunthorpe. Peterborough manager Graham Westly has been sacked after the club's 2-0 defeat by Championship strugglers Scuntha Thistle in Saturday's FA Cup fourth-round replay at the ABAX Stadium.
A copy of the 1916 Proclamation was sold at auction in Dublin on Friday.It was part of a sale of over 600 items, many from the 1916 Rising.The rebellion was an attempt to overthrow British rule 100 years ago.The seven signatories of the proclamation were executed, along with nine other leaders, after the Rising was quelled.Last month, hundreds of thousands of people lined the streets of Dublin for a parade to mark the Easter Rising's centenary
Princess Elizabeth's letter to Betty Shew describes how the couple met, were chased by a photographer in Prince Philip's sports car and danced at London nightclubs. A letter written by Princess Elizabeth describes how she met Prince Philip at the age of 13 and how they danced at nightclubs Ciro's and Quaglino's in London.
Crews were called to the blaze at a building in Stewartville Street, in Partick, at about 12:15.
Sevilla 1-1 Lviv: Kevin Gameiro penalty earns Sevilla a draw. Sevilla hold on for a draw in Lviv to earn a place in the Europa League semi-finals.
Olympic bronze medallist Daley splits Chinese pair of Aisen Chen, who took gold, and Qiu Bo to win silver.
Iva Barr, from Bedford, was taking part in her 20th marathon, completing about 14 miles of the route. She said she would "never forget" her final attempt at the famous event.
Conor McGregor says he is back on the UFC 200 card in Las Vegas.McGregor had been set for a rematch with Nate Diaz, who beat him in their welterweight fight in March, at the Las Vegas event in July.After a dispute over promotional duties, UFC president Dana White said organisers were looking for a replacement for the Irishman.But McGregor said on Sunday: "Happy to announce that I am back on UFC 200."Writing on social media, he added: "Shout out to Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta on getting this one done for the fans.
Mini crash head-on with Volvo in Hazel Grove. A Mini has died after being involved in a crash head on with a Volvo near Hazel Grove in Nottinghamshire.
Anzac Day commemorates the first major battle involving Australian and New Zealand forces during World War One.A service was also held at Westminster Abbey.
Two gay activists in Bangladesh have been killed in separate attacks by suspected Islamist militants.The two men were murdered two days after a university teacher was hacked to death by suspected Islamic militants in the capital, Dhaka.The US ambassador to Bangladesh condemned the killing of Xulhaz Mannan, who also worked at the US embassy.Another person was also injured when the attackers entered a Dhaka flat.Since February last year suspected militants have killed several secular or atheist writers and members of religious minority groups.So-called Islamic State (IS) claimed responsibility - but the Bangladeshi government insists there is no IS presence in the country
A stretch of the 100ft (30m)-high cliff in East Cliff, close to the memorial for Red Arrows pilot Jon Egging, fell away on Sunday morning, taking fencing and benches with it
The store will open an hour early and no announcements will be made during the quiet hour between 08:00 and 09:00 BST.
German tech start-up Triprebel hopes to overcome one of the most vexing obstacles to a pleasant stay; paying too much for your room.
Everton supporter Michael Cullen has completed the 11-day challenge ahead of his team's FA Cup semi-final against Manchester United.
Acting Taoiseach Enda Kenny of Fine Gael and Micheál Martin of Fianna Fáil hope to avoid a second election.
European Parliament seats (MEPs): 4Far right tops presidential voteAustria sets asylum capFar-right party ELAM entered parliament for the first time in May 2016 elections, securing two seats from voters stung by the island's acute financial crisis in 2013.Affiliated to Golden Dawn in Greece which many observers see as neo-Nazi, ELAM has held demonstrations against Turkish Cypriots and migrants.It opposes the idea of reunifying an island divided since Turkey invaded the north in 1974 in response to a Greek-inspired military coup.The party advocates strict immigration controls and argues that Finns, not migrants, take priority
Derby's Bent rescues a point against Sheffield Wednesday. Derby's Adam Bent celebrates after scoring the equaliser in the Championship play-off tie with Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday. Derby striker Adam Bent says the Rams go into the play-offs full of confidence and not losing games.
Pompey 2-1 Wimbledon. Pompey 1-2 Wimbledon The visitors went ahead when Gary Roberts won possession and found Michael Smith to slide the ball home.
Canadian hostage John Ridsdel was kidnapped from a tourist resort in the Philippines in September last year. A severed head has been found in a street on the island of Jolo in the southern Philippines. A Canadian hostage who was kidnapped by a militant group in the south-east of the Philippines has been killed, the Canadian government has confirmed.The group had threatened to kill a male hostage on April 25 if a ransom was not paid.Confirming the death, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called it "an act of cold-blooded murder".The group released a video of the group in November, in which they demanded $
Sharon Dodd-Archibald and Mary Archibalds bodies were found at the flat in Dalserf Court in the Gallowgate area on Sunday
Bristol City Council have decided to use vinegar to kill weeds around the city.
Celtic boss Brendan Brown: 'We have let ourselves down'. Celtic manager Brendan Brown says the Hoops have not been producing the right results as they should be.
World Cup 2015: England and Wales and Northern Ireland qualify for European Championship finals. The tournament kicks off with France playing Romania on Friday, 10 June and the final will take place at the Stade de France in Paris on 10 July.
Detectives want to access the recordings as part of their investigations into murder and other paramilitary crimes from the 1970s to 1990s.Anthony McIntyre conducted a series of interviews with former IRA members, on the understanding that the contents would not be made public until after their deaths.Boston College has been issued with a subpoena instructing it to hand over the material on 6 May.
Frank Field, the MP for Birkenhead and a former welfare minister, is expected to warn in a speech that the referendum could be "the second-longest suicide note in Labour's history".
Former NFL star Johnny Manziel faces assault charge for family violence. Former NFL player Johnny Manziel is facing a misdemeanour assault charge in Texas for allegedly hitting his ex-girlfriend.
The man, who is in his mid-30s and originally from County Tyrone, was shot in the Sunset House bar near Croke Park.
A section of Dunsdale Haugh in Selkirk is to shut with a diversion route put in place via Level Crossing Road.
Lionsgate said availability would increase during a global rollout. Steam is the most popular digital games retailer, with more than 125 million users.
Falkirk boss Peter Houston and Peterhead boss Jim McIntyre are on the shortlist for the Scottish Manager of the Year award.
Naz Shah has apologised for sharing the graphic showing Israel's outline superimposed onto a map of the US.
Cycling World Championships: Cyclo-cross World Championships 2012: Katie Van den Driessche fined 20,000 Swiss francs. Katie Van Den Driesshe has been fined 20k Swiss franc and ordered to pay legal costs after her spare bike was found to contain a concealed motor at the Cyclo Cross World Championships in Belgium.Katie Van den driessche has been given a six-month suspension and a fine of 200,000 francs (£141,000) for technical fraud after her bike was discovered to contain an illegal motor. Katie van den Driesche has received a six month suspension and has been
Super Eagles defender Michael Omeruo told he needs time to recover from injury. Super Eagles centre-back Mikel Oyemuo has been told by the team doctor he needs to rest to start next season without injury ahead of the World Cup.
World Championship: Ding Hao beats John Higgins to reach semi-finals. World number one Ding Huidong wins his second Crucible semi-final of the year to reach the World Championship final with a 10-6 win over Welshman John Higgins. Ding Ding of China celebrates his 11th half-century in every frame he won as he extends his first-session lead from 6-2 to 10-2 over John Higgins in the Crucible final. Ding scored at least a half century in each of his first three frames to extend his lead to 6-0 in the first session of the World Championships. Ding
The RMT confirmed it would attend talks with Southern "over the guards jobs and safety dispute" on Friday.
The car, a 1970 Ferrari 512M, is still in working condition and was recently raced at the Le Mans Classic.
Leo Santa Cruz v Carl Frampton: IBF World super bantamweight title on the line at the Barclays Centre in Brooklyn. IBF Super World featherweight world champion Leo 'Santa Cruz' Santa Cruz will face Carl 'Stormy' Frampton in a super-bantamweight showdown at the Brooklyn Barclays Centre on Saturday night.
Glasgow Warriors have confirmed the departure of Leone Nakarawa to Racing Metro for next season. Glasgow Warriors are to let loose-head prop Leone Nakariawa leave the Pro12 club at the end of the season, the club have confirmed. Glasgow have confirmed that Leone Nakaroawa will leave Glasgow Warriors for Racing Metro next season.Glasgow, two points behind Leinster and Connacht at the top of the Pro 12, host Italian side Zebre on Friday, 29 April.
Compton's place in England Test side not certain. England batsman Tom Compton says his place for the first Test of the summer against Sri Lanka is not certain after being dropped in South Africa. England's Tom Compton has said his place in the Test side is not yet certain after he scored 245 runs at an average of 30 in the South Africa series.
The families of 96 Liverpool fans who died in the Hillsborough disaster have been given the "full truth" about what happened, the Home Secretary has said. The Hillsborough victims' families will be given the full truth about the events that led to the 1989 disaster, Theresa May has said.She said it was not possible for MPs to understand what the families had been through.The families have never faltered in the pursuit of the truth and we all owe them a great debt of gratitude.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling on the next London mayor to offer discounted travel for NHS workers, and require new homes built on NHS land to be offered first to low-paid staff.
Lesbos used to get more than 5,000 a day. On Monday there were just four.But with Europe's borders closed, more than 50,000 migrants remain in Greece waiting for a decision about their futures.Angus Crawford visited three sites to find out how they are living.Moria's chain link fence, topped with razor wire, snakes on its way up into olive groves.It sits on top of a hill, surrounded on three sides by the Aegean.In the distance lie the ruins of a castle.There are orderly lines of white UN refugee agency tents. Children run up and down the pathways
David Crompton, the chief constable of South Yorkshire Police, has been suspended from his duties following the Hillsborough verdict. South Yorkshire police have suspended the head of the force following the verdict of the Hillsboro inquests.David Crompton was due to retire in November after four years in the role.The force's Police and Crime Commissioner said there had been an "erosion of trust".Dr Alan Billings said he had no choice but to act.The PCC said: "We hope and expect that his conduct will be subject to the rigorous and impartial scrutiny which has so long been denied to the families."Deputy
He was declared a 'Servant of God' in 1960 and in 2014 he was made a 'Venerable'
Staffan de Mistura said the fragile "cessation of hostilities" "could collapse any time".He said that over the past 48 hours an average of one Syrian had been.
North Korea has launched a mid-range missile that is thought to be able to travel up to 4,000km (2,485 miles), within the range of US territories in the Pacific, South Korean officials say.The missile was launched early Thursday morning near the eastern coastal city of Wonsan but the missile "crashed a few seconds later" in the coastal area, reported Yonhap news agency.The incident was captured by a US surveillance satellite.
Francesco Schettino was given 16 years in jail last year, after a court found him guilty of manslaughter.
Aberdeen sign former Manchester City defender Benik Afobe.
Johanna Konta joins Heather Watson, Victoria Azarenka and Caroline Wozniacki in Nottingham draw.
Little Mix may be responsible for forcing one of the biggest TV hits of the past 10 years to change its name.The four girls were said to have come up with the name Little Mix themselves.
"The defendant accessed the business account and transferred the entire amount of monies into his personal account.The money was released to Hagan's Solicitors to settle the UCB mortgage and pay the £250,000 to take up the partnership.The court also heard that, in March 2008, Annett moved £112,000 out of the law firm's business account to "buy himself an investment property in Corby, England".A defence lawyer said that, after going to the police station. Annett went to see his minister and the elders of his church and confessed his crimes.
Essex v Worcestershire: Tom Westley and Alastair Cook hit half centuries. Essex captain Alistair Cook hits a half century to help his side reach 144-1 after winning the toss and batting first against Worcesterhire. Essex's Alastear Cook hits an unbeaten half century as he and captain Tom Wiles make an unbroken stand of 128 in 37 overs to help Essex reach 144 for 1 after winning their first-class match against Worcester. Essex won the toss to bat first and take a two-wicket lead after winning a rain-affected toss.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg has won the first three races of the season to build a commanding 36-point lead in the championship. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton has won three of the first four grands prix of the Formula 1 season to extend his lead at the top of the championship to 36 points ahead of Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel. Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton says he is hoping to bounce back from a poor start to the season with a good start at the Russian Grand Prix on Sunday. "It is going to be really tough, like always. I'm hoping it will be positive."
It's not on. As far as all of us are concerned, we feel as though they're robbing us. How can they say in one breath that the firm is doing really well, and then expect us to take a pay cut?"Seachill is not the only company that's been reviewing its pay arrangements.In the last year, Morrisons, Tesco and Waitrose have also altered payments but they all insisted that it wasn't anything to do with the introduction of the national living wage.In a recent parliamentary debate on the issue, both companies along with some other household names were in the firing line from
Alan McManus vs Ding Junhui: World number one Selby 4-2 China's Fu Fu. World number 14 Fu Fu fought back impressively to keep alive his chances of becoming the first player from Asia to reach the last four at the Crucible World Championship.World number one Mark Selby and China's Xiao Fu battle it out for a place in the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship.Ding was superb. His break building and his match play has been fantastic. But I think he needed to win the last frame. The way he dominated the session, if he hadn't
Ford's European business made a pretax profit of $434m in the quarter - higher than the total for all of last year - and substantially better than a $42m loss for the same period in 2015.
De La Salle College has appointed a three-member panel to investigate industrial disputes at the school.The panel consists of leading educationalist Prof Sir Robert Salisbury, trade unionist John Corey and Belfast Metropolitan College's principal Marie-ThÃ©rÃ¨se McGivern.Education Minister John O'Dowd has said he wants them to complete the investigation by early summer.The secondary school, in the Andersonstown area of west Belfast, has 1,100 pupils.About a third of its 70-strong teaching staff were absent for a period prior to Easter, and, in an unusual move last month, an
Elisa Bianco said she had just months to live and Sally Retallack funded a final trip for the 22-year-old, London's Appeal Court heard.
Young people in Northern Ireland have been in and out of jobs for the past two years since leaving school at 16. But are those voices being heard when it comes to the election?Courses to help young people get into work are held at the Spectrum Centre on the Shankill Road in Belfast.
No one believes that Jeremy Corbyn himself tolerates discrimination against Jews.
Brazil Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has been arrested on corruption charges.Joao Santana was widely seen as the architect of Ms Rousseff's 2010 and 2014 election victories.Mr Santana is accused of receiving bribes from several large engineering conglomerates.Analysts say the charge against him is a further blow for President Rousseff who is facing impeachment proceedings.He was arrested in February after he returned from the Dominican Republic, where he was working on the re-election campaign of President Danilo Medina.Because of his proximity to her, the arrest is expected to damaged her standing further, even though impeachment proceedings against her are not related to the
The study, published in Nature, has been described as a "milestone" moment that could help unlock new ways of treating and preventing the disease.
Skeleton: Jamie Swift retires after 10 years with GB. Jamie Swift has announced his retirement from the British Skeleton programme after 10 seasons with the national team.
Prostate cancer: New class of drugs strip cancer cells of defences. New drugs have been found to strip cancer of defences against hormone treatments, say researchers at the Institute of Cancer Research in London.
West Hammers are leaving their home of 112 years at the end of this season for the Olympic Stadium in Stratford.It has been a much-publicised move - including revelations that the Premier League club will only pay £2.5m a year in rent for their new home - but seemingly a popular one, with in excess of 50,000 season tickets already sold.But the Upton Park area is also home to thriving businesses, whose well-being is in large part due to the activity a matchday brings.Supporters have a number of pre-match eating rituals, be it the temptation of sizzling onions at a
Further caps are coming into effect on roaming - or connection - charges within all 28 countries of the European Union (EU).
The line is due to reopen on 4 May.
West Brom appoint former Arsenal goalkeeper Gary Neville as director of football.
Liege have decided to play their younger players for the rest of the season.
All kick-offs 15:00 BST unless otherwise stated
Dundee United: The oracle of the Phoenix in Nethergate. If you wanted to know what was what in the on-going shambles at Dundee then get yourself to the Phoenix, that was the message from the oracle, says the Phoenix's oracle. The Phoenix's Oracle of Dundee is a Dundee fan who has been a part of the club since the 1970s. "I'm half expecting to see some of them coming in for divine intervention. Ah, you don't like to see it. I mean that. I don't want United to be relegated."The fatalism
It's never great to have to start a speech with an apology, which the education secretary did today on the leaked test paper. But with their complete silence as Nicky Morgan walked on stage, low cries of rubbish and then loud outraged laughter as she answered questions, head teachers here at the NAHT conference in Birmingham made clear quite how disillusioned they're feeling.
Frankie Dettori crossed to the rail side to win by one and half lengths for his third victory in the prestigious mile race
For the first time in 13 years moderates and reformists now have a majority in parliament.The vote held on Friday was for 68 seats out of the 290 in parliament.
The crash happened at Evanton at about 17:20 on Saturday
F1 2017: 'aeroscreen' and 'halo' concepts in contention. The FIA has set a deadline of 1 July for teams to have a clear path to incorporate the design into their 2017 cars.
Shadow culture secretary Maria Eagle called the rumoured plans "unacceptable interference".A BBC source said it would be odd to make it harder for people to watch programmes they had paid for.The government denied it intended to determine the scheduling of programmes.Details are expected in this month's White Paper on BBC Charter renewal.'External regulation'A number of Sunday newspapers carry reports suggesting the BBC will be called upon to defend its scheduling where rivals are unfavourably impacted.A government source told the Sunday Times the White Paper was intended to "set a broad set of principles and guidelines"."How that is applied to individual programmes and scheduling is
Iran election: 17 women elected in run-off. A record number of women have been elected to parliament in Iran, the country's president says. The election of 17 women to parliament is a sign of a major shift in public support away from hard-line Islamic conservatives, President Rouhani says.
British troops are to be deployed to Somalia to support African Union peacekeeping efforts against the al-Shabab group.About 70 personnel will eventually be in Somalia carrying out medical, logistical and engineering duties.
Craig Wright, the father of Bitcoin, is he really Satoshi Nakamoto? What about that run-in with the Australian tax authorities? And is he fabulously rich, with a huge stock of Bitcoin?At our first meeting - without a television camera  - we roamed freely over all sorts of territory. We learned that he ran a substantial business in London, employing quite a few people here in what seemed to be some kind of Bitcoin trading and consultancy operation.We challenged him about that tax investigation - he conceded that there was what he called an "audit" underway in Australia but insisted that this was mainly due
Andre Ayew and team-mate Idrissa Gana Gueye were then allegedly involved in an incident involving home supporters.
A US judge has issued a warrant for the arrest of a woman for refusing to unlock her iPhone using a fingerprint reader.Campaigners say making suspects decrypt their phones means they are testifying against themselves, which contravenes the US constitution's fifth amendment.
Two officers were left shaken, but physically unharmed.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has delayed the launch of its ExoMars rover by two years, to 2020. It is a decision that has been well telegraphed in recent months, with both agency officials and industry chiefs expressing their doubts that all the hardware could be made ready in time. "It is not only the components of the spacecraft; it's several of the instruments."What we have been doing lately is seeing if we could shorten the assembly, integration and testing (AIT) phase to something that would be acceptable from a risk point of view, but still make the 2018 launch."Very recently,
Liberty House has put together a team of advisers and financial backers to submit a formal bid for Tata Steel's UK strip steel assets.The UK's largest steelworks, Port Talbot, was put up for sale last month.
Hong Kong police are investigating a mid-air theft on an Emirates flight from Dubai.
Manufacturing production in the UK fell to a three-year low in April, according to a survey.It is the first time that activity in the sector has fallen since March 2013.Firms blamed soft domestic demand, a fall in new business from overseas and uncertainty ahead of the EU referendum.A slowdown in the oil and gas industry, a major customer for UK companies, is also hitting production.
South Bank Sky Arts Awards 2016 FULL LIST OF NOMINEES Banksy competes in the visual art category against Cornelia Parker and Lynette Yiadom-Boakye
Harlequins sign Scotland international Conor Jackson. Conor Jackson signs a two-year contract with Harlquins after spending the last two seasons with Wasps.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage says his party is on course to win its first ever seats in Wales and England in local government elections.UKIP is campaigning on multiple fronts as it seeks to become the only UK party to get people elected to the National Assembly of Wales, the Scottish Parliament and the Northern Ireland Assembly as well as the Greater London Assembly.UKIP's leader, Nigel Farage, told the BBC's Daily Politics: "There will be a breakthrough in Wales. I think we are going to win five seats - we may do slightly better than that. Let's see."As for England, Mr Farage would not be drawn
The Metropolitan Police has already asked for large parts of the investigation to be in private.Scotland Yard, backed by the government, has also argued it should not be forced to admit to the existence of some operations.
Polling stations opened their doors at 07:00 BST and will close at 22:00.
British Cycling: Shane Sutton resigns amid claims of discrimination. Shane Sutton has resigned as British Cycling's technical director amid allegations of discrimination against elite cyclists.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini says his players are ready for the Bernabeu. I know only too well what can go wrong for Manchester City in their Champions League semi-final second leg against Real Madrid.
PFA Scotland Player of the Year: Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are 'fired up again' for next season. Celtic striker Leigh Griffith has been voted the Professional Footballers Association of Scotland's player of the year for the 2017/18 season.
Children registered in Greece, Italy or France before 20 March - when the EU struck its refugee deal with Turkey - will be eligible for resettlement in the UK.But the government says the number will depend on what councils can cope with.Funding will be made available from central government for those councils willing to take in unaccompanied child migrants, said a source.Immigration minister James Brokenshire told a meeting of Conservative MPs he was going to write to all local councils and ask them to gauge capacity.
Bl Bloemfontein joins Beijing and Lisbon in being suspended from carrying out any Wada-related anti-doping activities.
Holker Street boss Steve Cox has ruled out a move to another Conference club for Steven Cook, who wants to play at a higher level.
Nowrouz was among more than 60 rescued, but the bodies of his wife and children were kept in Bursa, a town 300km (187 miles) inland from where the accident happened.He hired a car for the four-hour drive, leaving in the middle of the night.He reassured him, saying 'tonight is the last night of our troubles'."But the boat arranged by people smugglers soon got into trouble and capsized."In a matter of seconds water was everywhere, filling the boat. It was dark. I tried to stay strong because it was my job to be there and identify the bodies. But
The way players navigate the 3D levels in Sea Hero Quest will be anonymously tracked and sent to the researchers.
Matthew Daley, 35, denies murder but has admitted attacking 79-year-old retired solicitor Donald Lock claiming diminished responsibility.Lynda Daley agreed at Lewes Crown Court the day Mr Lock was killed was "the day that all your nightmares came true".Mr Lock was attacked on the A24 at Findon, near Worthing last July.
Mike Phillips joined Racing in 2013 following spells with Bayonne, Ospreys, Cardiff Blues and Scarlets
Edinburgh play Cardiff Blues on Saturday in their final Pro 12 game of the season
Dr Howard Kornfeld was unable to make it from California to Minnesota immediately but sent his son
A motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor on the A158 Jubilee Way junction in Horncastle.
Edward Alexander Lee, 34, was sentenced to three years on probation at Belfast Crown Court on Wednesday.
The US says there has already been a decrease in violence in the city, where dozens have died in clashes this week.
Natalie Hemming, 31, of Alderney Avenue, Newton Leys, Milton Keynes, was reported missing on Tuesday A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a 31-year-old woman from Milton Keynes.
Tesla Model X production rose from 507 in the fourth quarter of 2015 to 2,659 in the first quarter of 2016
A fire support team commander has been laid to rest following a funeral in Dunfermline for a soldier who died while taking part in a marathon. He was killed in a suspected cardiac arrest while running the course and later died in hospital.
The fire started at the ICL UK Boulby mine at 00:30 BST on 13 April, 1,100m (3,600 ft) under the sea bed and five miles (8km) from land
Valery Gergiev, a supporter of Russia's President Vladimir Putin, conducted the Mariinsky Symphony Orchestra, from St Petersburg, at Palmyra's Roman Theatre.The maestro described the concert as a protest against the barbarism and violence exhibited by Islamic State militants who had used the city's Roman amphitheatre to execute prisoners.He called terrorism a contagion of which the world needed to rid itself, and said the fact the concert was taking place at all was "surprising"."Today's action involved major inconvenience and dangers for everyone, being in a country at war close to where hostilities are still ongoing. That has
Sale's Easter leaves on his own terms. Sale's Luke Easter has left the club to take up his teaching position at Wrekin College in Shropshire.
1-2Match reportLawro's prediction: 2-0Lewis' prediction: 1-1Lawro was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.
Aldershot Town: Alan Waddock leaves Barnet to join Barnet on a rolling contract. Former Republic of Ireland international Alan Waddington has left his job as assistant first-team coach at Barnet.
Worcester v Gloucestershire: Chris Rhodes says better pitches have already made a difference. Chris Rhodes believes better pitches will help improve the standard of Worcester's Championship matches.
Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri: 'I don't want big names here'. Leicester manager Claudio RANIERI says he will not be signing global stars for next season's Champions League campaign. Leicester's shock Premier League title win is a great inspiration for any team sport and for any group in order to dream high and have huge expectations but I think we need to be realistic that this is not the norm. It's something we haven't seen in the modern game and I don't think that's going to be repeated easily. It is great for all the community. Let's hope it falls on us for
Police said that someone opened fire from a passing car and witnesses spoke of up to a dozen shots being fired close to the main police station.
A video has been played to the jury at the trial of a couple accused of murdering a two-year-old boy and attempting to defeat the ends of justice by blaming the killing on a young boy.Liam Fee was found dead on the floor of his bedroom in his pyjamas, covered in a duvet.The two women deny all the charges against them.Jurors immediately asked for a break after watching the 12-minute film.The court had previously heard paramedics arrived at the house just after 20:00 the previous evening.The video showed each room of the house where the toddler lived with Rachel
Your browser does not support this interactive contentThe interactive map above shows the five places where UKIP won more than 20% of the constituency vote: Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney, Newport East, Islwyn, and Torfaen, where it came in second place, and Caerphilly, where It came third.The interactive vote-share map above demonstrates, the Labour party's share of the vote in Scotland was concentrated in areas where it largely failed to get over the finish line ahead of the SNP.In three of these seats, UKIP's gains appear to have come mostly at Labour's expense
Richard Parks: Ex-rugby player Richard Parks ends world-first bid to climb Everest. Former Wales rugby international Richard Parks has ended his attempt to become the first person to take blood and muscle samples at the summit of Mount Everest.
Chelsea could play Champions League games at Wembley in the near future, says Dyke. Tottenham manager Greg Dyke says Chelsea could also play next season's home Champions League matches at Wembley.
"Victory's at hand" was the earlier headline in The National, with a full page picture of Nicola Sturgeon.
Liberal Democrats win North East Fife seat. The Liberal Democrats have won a seat in the North East of Scotland through the list vote, with Scottish Labour leader Willie Rennie winning the seat in a landslide. The party also comfortably held both Orkney and Shetland.
In the 2015 General Election, Labour won the seat with 52% of the vote and the Conservatives came second with 15%.
Exeter defender Ben Butterfield: 'I'm not knocking on Tisdale's door asking why I'm not playing every week'.
Leicester City Riders face Sheffield Sharks in BBL play-off final at the O2 Arena. Leicester City's Leicester Riders meet Sheffield Sharks for the BBL Trophy and the league title in Sunday's BBL final.
Parts of the Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean are up to 11 kilometres deep.
The Music Group said a consultation on redundancies at its Tannoy loudspeaker production facility in Coatbridge began.
Afghan forces have freed more than 100 Taliban prisoners, Nato says in a statement.The latest operation was carried out under the cover of darkness by the Ktah Khas, Afghanistan's counter-terrorism unit and commando forces.
Cardiff City will appoint a new head coach to look after the first team after the end of the season, according to reports. Cardiff City have announced the departure of manager Neil Warnock, who will be in charge for the final time when they host Birmingham as the Championship season ends on Saturday.
Jamie Cox sentenced to 26 weeks for common assault. Jamie Cox is currently ranked number four in the world and is also a Commonwealth Games light welterweight champion.
Mr Dundar's wife can be seen restraining the gunman along with an unnamed man, before armed plain-clothed police arrive and order the attacker to get down.
Counting is continuing in Northern Ireland.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has been elected as the first Muslim mayor of the British capital, becoming the city's first elected Muslim leader. The news has prompted headlines around the world, and Politicians and city leaders have taken to Twitter to congratulate him, including the left-leaning mayors of New York and Paris.Congratulations also came from Ahok Basuki Purnama, the governor of Jakarta. He became Jakarta's first Christian governor in 50 years when he was elected in 2014.A commentary in German news magazine Der Spiegel describes Mr Khan's win as a "victory over Islamophobia", and says London is breaking new ground
Dartmoor National Park's 56th event starts at 07:00 BST, with 2,400 teenagers taking part. The first teams are expected to cross the finish line on Sunday morning.
A woman's body has been recovered from the sea east of Portland Headland in Dorset.
Seventh Heaven wins Oaks Trial at Ascot. Seventh Heaven, trained by Aidan O'Brien, outbattled Architecture to win the Oaks Trial.
Badminton 2014: Jung wins Rolex Grand Slam to seal the Grand Slam. Badmarinton: Jung leads with fault-free cross-country round on La Biosthetique, but Emily King falls in showjumping. Germany's Thomas Jung is hoping to seal a Rolex grand slam with a win at the BadMinton Festival of Nations. Germany rider Thomas Jung wins the Rolex Gold Medal at the World Equestrian Games and is aiming to become just the second Grand Slam winner since 2003. German Thomas Jung has won the Burghley and Kentucky titles and is looking to seal his first Rolex
Chelsea's John Terry banned for two games. Chelsea defender John Terry has been sent off for a second yellow card in the Premier League.
Justin Rose and Rickie Fowler tied for third at Quail Hollow. Justin Rose fires five birdies and two bogeys to sit at seven-under and tie for third in the second round of the PGA Tour's Wells Fargo Championship.
Veterans with amputation-related medical issues can now attend a clinic at the Surrey-based unit's Defence Medical Rehabilitation Centre (DMRC).The first six such patients have.
David Cameron says corruption is "the root of so many of the world's problems".He also described it as "an enemy of progress". The international anti-corruption summit is aimed at exposing, punishing and drive out global corruption.
Manchester City 2-2 Swansea. Manuel Pellegrini's Manchester City side are denied a top-four finish by Swansea as Kelechi Iheanacho's close-range opener is cancelled out by Andre Ayew's free-kick.
Canelo Alvarez says he will fight Gennady Golovkin at 160lb, no problem, after beating Amir Khan to retain his WBC middleweight title.Alvarez, 25, beat Khan with a thunderous right hand in round six.
Israel's deputy chief of staff says he detected trends in Israeli society suggestive of "nauseating processes" that occurred in 1930s Nazi Germany.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called for Gen Golan's resignation, accusing him of dishonouring the dead.The comments come at a time of heightened tension between Israelis and Palestinians.A wave of stabbing, shooting and car-ramming attacks by Palestinians and Israeli Arabs over the past eight months have left 29 Israelis dead.More than 200 Palestinians - mostly attackers, Israel says - have also been killed in that period.There has been debate and controversy over Israelis' response to the attacks.
Coleraine's Peter Chambers and Peter Cassells win the men's lightweight double sculls title at the World Rowing Championships in Berlin.Coleraine pair Peter Chambers (left) and Peter Scrimgeour (right) win the lightweight pair title in the lightweight fours final at the world Rowing championships in BerlinIreland won the lightweight pairs title in Berlin in a thrilling finish to the World Championships at the Olympic Rowing Centre.The lightweight pair is a non-Olympic boat class but they will now finalise their preparations for the Olympic qualifying regatta in Lucerne in a fortnight's
Badminton 2016: German Andreas Ostholt and Gemma Tattersall win Grand Slam. Germany's Sebastian Jung becomes the first rider to lead from dressage, cross country and showjumping through to conclusion in the Grand Slam eventing. German Sebastian Jung is the second rider to win a Grand Slam after leading from start to finish in the eventing eventing at the World Championships. German Sebastien Jung wins his third individual eventing Grand Slam at the world championships. German eventing star Sebastian Jung has become the first horse-rider to win the World Grand Slam with a flawless performance at the BadMinton
Lancashire v South Africa: Luke Procter and Alviro Petersen shine at Old Trafford. South Africa celebrate their second first-class century of the season as they bowl out Hampshire for 465 in their second innings. Luke Proctor makes a dogged 137 as Hampshire close on 22-1, 325 runs behind. West Indies versus South Africa. It was a good battle. I'm over the moon. I didn't really think about it when I was out there. I just kept batting. I knew he was going to play his pulls but I made sure he didn't pull me out of the park because I back myself
Michael Hughes was allowed to eat with the family and use their swimming pool.The court heard that Mr Hughes was paid £20 a day, which went up to £50 as he became a more skilled labourer.Mr Connors senior described how Mr Hughes used to buy sweets for the youngest of his children, who called him brother.He denied assaulting Mr Hughes during the time he was working with him.The trial continues.
Bryan Robson returns to Nottingham to play in front of a home crowd at the Aegon Open.
South Yorkshire Police are appealing to people in Kos who have information to come forward and tell us what they know.
Blackpool chairman Stephen Reed has been found not guilty of libel.Mr Reed's website posting claimed the club chairman entered into a foul-mouthed rant at him in public, held a gun in such a way as to make Mr Reed believe he was about to be shot at and had assaulted Mr Reed and put him in fear for his safety or even his life.
The row of huts on Mablethorpe promenade will be "rejuvenated and enhanced" with the money.
EMAS has some of the worst response times in England.
Reading news: Six loan players return to parent clubs. Reading have confirmed that six loan players who represented them this season have all returned to their parent club.
Matthew Daley, 35, denies murder but admits attacking Donald Lock, 79, in Findon, near Worthing, last July, claiming diminished responsibility.Mr Lock, a retired solicitor, was stabbed after crashing at about 16mph into the back of Mr Daley's car on the A24 in West Sussex.
Barnet Council chief executive Andrew Travers has left the authority by "mutual agreement".
The girl, Yuyun, went missing on 2 April on her way back from school.Her body was found in undergrowth two days later by villagers, bruised, beaten and with her hands tied.The case was not widely covered by Indonesian media until it was picked up by activists online several weeks later.
Belfast Giants: Michael Forney, Jonathan Boxill, James Desmarais, Matt Nickerson, David Rutherford, Mark Garside and Brandon Benedict.
Edinburgh have been playing at Murrayfield since 2004, with room for 67,500 spectators at the national stadium. Edinburgh used the venue in the early years of professionalism and last played a match there during the 2015 Six Nations.
Four of its high-speed 175 Coradia train units have been taken off routes along the north Wales coast and to Manchester.
Clive Weatherhogg, of Guthrie, near Forfar, was found guilty of coercing a woman to engage in sexual activity and intercourse with a man between 10 September, 2013 and 17 September the following year.He was also convicted of intentionally causing the woman's sister and father to look at sexual images and behaving in a threatening or abusive manner on 25 December, 2014.
West Ham 3-2 Manchester United: Louis van Gaal sacked as manager. West Ham manager Louis Van Gaal was sacked by Manchester United after a 3-1 defeat by West Ham at the Boleyn Ground on Saturday. It was always going to be a highly charged farewell, after 112 years, to this football bastion of east London and the one consolation was that at least no-one was seriously injured.
Two serving police officers, a retired police officer, a current pilot and a retired pilot were arrested as part of the investigation.
Cameroon's Patrick Ekeng died aged 26 of a suspected heart attack after collapsing on the pitch during a match on Friday.
Brighton's Glenn Stephens will miss both legs of the semi-final against Sheffield Wednesday and the Championship play-off final on 28 May. Glenn Stephens has been sent off for a foul on Gaston Ramirez during the 1-1 draw against Middlesbrough.
Rule The World is the first novice chaser to win the Grand National since 1958.
Hearts' majority shareholder Ann Budge hopes fans can drive this income via continued pledges to the Foundation of Hearts (FOH).
EDF's latest earnings report shows it has reduced its target for 2016 nuclear output to 408-412 terawatt-hour from 410-415.
Ryan Morse, from Brynithel, Blaenau Gwent, died on 8 December 2012 from undiagnosed Addison's disease.Dr Leonard Peter told Cardiff Crown Court Dr Joanne Rudling, of Cardiff, did not ask enough questions about Ryan's condition hours before he died.She and Dr Lindsey Thomas, 42, of Tredegar, deny manslaughter.
Matthew Oliver paid more than one thousand pounds for the seed which came from the current world record holder grown in Switzerland.
The Queen's unguarded comments are atypical for her, but also pose some unanswered questions about the visit.In short, we don't know.At a Buckingham Palace garden party in pouring rain on Tuesday, the Queen commented, "Oh, bad luck" when told a Metropolitan Police commander had led the police operation around the Chinese leader's visit.
Greater Manchester Police (GMP) apologised for racial stereotyping for using a fake terrorist shouting "Allahu Akbar" in the mock terror attack.Organisers of the meeting at Longsight Saath Saath are demanding an inquiry.GMP said it has no plans to issue any further statements on the training exercise staged at the Trafford Centre.The scenario for the mock suicide bombing was by an extremist Daesh-style organisation although GMP had said the event was not linked to any specific terror threat.Syed Azhar Shah, who chaired the meeting attended by about 30 people, said GMP assistant chief constable Garry Shewan's
Industrial production in the first quarter fell 1.9%, the biggest fall since 2013.
Low Low interest rates have left many savers worried that they will not be able to pay their bills.The average return from the five best easy access accounts has dropped from more than 3% in 2012 to under 1.3%.The average variable rate Isa is down to 1%, while a typical fixed-rate Isa pays 1.4%.
Bath hooker Tom Woolstencroft is joined by lock Marcus Garratt, also 21, who arrives from Championship side Cornish Pirates, having previously played alongside him on loan at The Rec.
The European Commission has blocked CK Hutchison's proposed £10.3bn takeover of O2 from Spain's Telefonica, which would have left the UK with just three major mobile phone network operators. The UK's telecoms regulator Ofcom has blocked the proposed merger of Three and O2 by Hong-Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa Hutchison, the owner of Virgin Media, after the European Commission ruled that it would reduce competition and raise prices. The planned deal was worth £10bn, and would have been the final stage in the reshaping of Britain's mobile phone market. The British telecom
The number of new enquiries fell most dramatically in London, but also fell in nine other regions.
Former Garda Commissioner Martin Callinan and former Justice Minister Alan Shatter have been cleared of allegations of corruption by a High Court judge who says they acted out of genuine and legitimate concerns about garda behaviour in his division and Bailieboro Garda station.The 349 page report by Judge O'Higgins describes Sgt McCabe as a "dedicated and committed" member of the force.The report clears the former commissioner and the former justice minister of any wrongdoing.
The company said it had faced a "chorus of music label representatives and artists" accusing it of "mistreating" songwriters and performers.
Sale have moved home games back to Friday nights for the upcoming season. Sale's new director of rugby Steve Diamond will have a seat on the club's new 10-man board.
The US electoral map, which places a premium on winning key high-population "swing" states, is tilted against the Republican Party. It's the type of voter that Mr Trump, with his populist economic pitch, has been turning out in the Republican primaries.The challenge for Mr Trump is that the mid-west, particularly, Wisconsin and Michigan, have served as a Democratic firewall that Republicans have been unable to penetrate since 1988."We'll win places that a lot of people say you're not going to win, that as a Republican you can't win," Mr Trump said at an April rally in Indiana. "Michigan
Northern Ireland Assembly elections: The new Northern Ireland assembly has been sworn in.All 108 MLAs met to sign the roll of membership, with 29 newly-elected members doing so for the first time.The Democratic Unionist Party's Martin McGuinness has been elected as the first and deputy first minister.The SDLP's Patsy McGlone and the UUP's Danny Kennedy have also been elected to the assembly.Sinn Féin's Caitríona Ruane has been re-elected as the principal deputy speaker.The Alliance Party secured eight seats during the election, meaning it does not have enough seats
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised for calling an imam an "IS sympathiser" in Parliament. He accused Suliman Gani in Parliament of backing the militant group as he questioned Sadiq Khan's judgement.
Everton are 12th in the table with one win from their past 10 league games.
A woman filmed a man shouting racist views at a far-right rally in Bath.The video has been viewed thousands of times since they shared it.
Talk lost 101,000 subscribers in its third quarter after the attack, which resulted in the personal data of nearly 160,000 people being accessed
A French woman who streamed her suicide on Periscope has sparked a fresh debate over how to regulate and protect young users of social media. A young woman who livestreamed her suicide in France has sparked an intense debate about how to monitor and protect social media users. "It is a sad consequence that this young woman, who wanted her death witnessed by so many strangers, is now the subject of such intense scrutiny. "I heard young people say very disturbing things in the name of speech," Michael Stora said.
The Loyalist Community Council (LCC) has created the flag to commemorate the centenary of the World War One battle.
The Boomtown Rats were to headline the event in Dumfries along with Rick Astley, ABC, The Stars from The Commitments and The Rezillos.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough: 'We will be underdogs in every game we play'. Burton Albion boss Nigel Clory says the club will be "underdogs" in the Championship this season and will be favourites for relegation.
Fracking involves injecting water, sand and chemicals at high pressure into rocks deep underground to unlock trapped gas.The process was banned in 2011 after the shale gas firm Cuadrilla caused minor earth tremors when it fracked a well in Lancashire.But the company says its operations are no risk to people or the environment.But there has been strong opposition to the plan from the local community and environmentalists.Hundreds of anti-fracking protesters are expected to gather outside the council meeting in Northallerton on Friday.Green campaigners fear that approval here would open the door for fracking elsewhere."It risks setting a dangerous precedent for
Connor Hamer, 22, said he had been refused service at the restaurant in Pilsworth on Sunday
India's government has proposed a new law that would regulate the creation and distribution of geospatial information in the country.The bill, which would affect digital maps from Google, Apple, and Uber, is facing stiff opposition from campaign groups.It also bans "wrong" information, including disputed international borders.The government said the rules would not create barriers to business if the bill became law.The proposed law is likely to cause problems for Apple and Google's map products, as well as services offering "value added" geolocation services, such as taxi-hailing app Uber.Google already offers slightly altered versions of its maps
There's the silver-lining, get 'em next time variety. Then there's the sitting-in-the-middle-of-the-'pitch surrender cobra, contemplating-the'-bitter-end-of-'a-promising-career kind of losing. The 2016 Republican presidential campaign brought us plenty of both. So, from almost-first to worst, here's how the men (and woman) who came up short rank in terms of the relative catastrophic nature of their defeats.Where to put Ben Carson on this list? He finished third behind Trump and Cruz in the overall popular vote
Joe Woolford's friends and family in Ruthin, Denbighshire, will watch the Eurovision final on a giant screen.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru are in talks to form a minority government, the two parties have said.The aim was to form an administration rather than a coalition. Welsh Labour leader Carwyn Jones and Labour's Leanne Wood are in negotiations to form the next first minister. Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies told BBC Radio Wales there had been three sets of "substantial" talks.
President Michel Temer has taken over as interim president after Brazil's Congress voted to suspend President Dilma Rousseff and put her on trial for budgetary violations.He has named a business-friendly cabinet that includes respected former central bank chief Henrique Meirelles as finance minster.Read more on Rousseff hereMichel Temer also said he would support the sweeping investigation into corruption at state oil company Petrobras that has embroiled many politicians and officials.Brazil is suffering from its worst recession in 10 years, unemployment reached 9% in 2015 and inflation is at a 12-year high.But analysts say Mr Temer's
European Space Propulsion (ESP) Limited was a small company based in Belfast, Northern Ireland.Formed by Aerojet Rocketdyne in 2012, it operated from missile maker Thales UK's factory in Castlereagh.
Mill Millwall 1, Bradford City 1. Millwall hold on to win the second leg of their FA Cup semi-final against Bradford City at The Den.Millwall's success against Bradford means that, across this season's Football League play-offs, all five teams who won the first leg went on to reach Wembley.The Bantams have twice previously come back from a defensive deficit to progress to the final and win promotion, but Gregory's calm, side-footed finish ensured there would be no repeat in south-east London.Millwall manager Neil Harris:"I'm delighted for the players, They deserved it over the two
Paris St-Germain's Zlatan Ibrahimovic to leave club. PSG have confirmed the departure of Paris St Germain's record goalscorer Zlatán Ibrahimovic, who will leave the club at the end of his playing career. Paris Saint Germain have confirmed that Paris Saint Germain striker Zlatlan Ibrahimovic is leaving the club after four years at the club.
I was clinically depressed and spent every day being force-fed by my parents while I screamed and cried like a banshee at the threat of being fed two spoonfuls of ice cream. My recovery was largely down to my mum, whose persistence in monitoring my every move eventually forced the voice in my head to say 'I can't win this', and slowly begin to shrink back. I remember that moment vividly as though the anorexia actually admitted defeat and resigned. To this day, I can see a girl in the gym and know that she's struggling. I see her working her tiny limbs like a demon on the spin
Nigel Nigel Farage has criticised Neil Hamilton's decision to return to frontline politics after a 20-year gap.Mr Farage said he was "not particularly in favour of Mr Hamilton's return to the front line, aged nearly 70".
Sebastian Vettel was fastest on the soft tyre in the Spanish Grand Prix first practice session at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya.Red Bull's Max Verstappen was sixth following his promotion to Red Bull, 0.169secs behind new team-mate Daniel Ricciardo
Eric Eric, as it was called, was originally built in 1928, and was the UK's first humanoid robot, impressing audiences with his movement and speech. He travelled the globe as a showcase for futuristic technology - but disappeared in the 1930s.Now, the museum is trying to raise Â£35,000 to rebuild him and has received more than Â6,000 in four days.Eric was created by British duo Captain William H Richards and Alan Reffell.He was designed to look like a human, but with the ability to speak and move his limbs.Eric could apparently respond to voice commands and "speak
Officers from Police Scotland alerted Benbecula Community Council to the scam at a meeting of the council earlier this week.
A survey of 1,763 would-be students who had contacted or applied to UK universities found that almost half said Brexit would make UK study less attractive.But 17% told international student recruiters Hobsons that Brexit would be more attractive.
The bridge is 7,283 ft (2,220 m) long from shore to shoreIt weighs more than 500,000 tonnesWith a central span of 4,626 ft (1,410m), it is the seventh longest suspension bridge in the worldIt was officially opened by HM the Queen on 17 July 1981Source: Humber Bridge Board
The claim: Membership of the European Union guarantees rights on equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave, and rights for part-time workers. Those rights would be in jeopardy if Britain voted to leave.
Jacqueline Carol Lloyd, 46, died after being struck by an out-of-service bus on Butts Lane, Southport.
The Electoral Commission is urging people not on the electoral register to apply for a vote in 23 June's referendum.The commission says its campaign - "You can't miss it" - is designed to "cut through the noise" that everyone will be hearing about the EU referendum.
Perhaps the biggest question is not about the price of an upgrade of the M4, but what Wales will get from it.Much of the so called "economic" debate has been about its cost - whether we can afford £1bn, and whether the cheaper Blue Route would be a better option.That is a very different question from whether the Welsh economy would be stronger with it, and weaker without.That question is even more pertinent as Labour and Plaid Cymru talk about what they can and cannot agree on.It's not really about £1bn or £380m - it's about what we get from
The government and the doctors' union have agreed to continue negotiating until Wednesday.The talks, hosted by conciliation service Acas, which started on Monday are seen as the last chance for the two sides to agree a deal.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila will leave the club at the end of the season.
The Isle of Wight Council had asked the High Court to clarify whether a seven-day absence amounted to a child failing to attend regularly after Mr Platt, 44, took his daughter on holiday, despite her school refusing permission for the trip.The High Court concluded Jon Platt had no case to answer because his daughter had attended school regularly overall.The government has said it will now consider making alterations to the law.Mr Platt was issued with a Â£60 fixed penalty fine following the holiday to Disney World in April 2015.After he missed the payment deadline, the council doubled the fine to Â£
The poster features soldiers beside a cannon, with the caption: "Anibyniaeth sydd yn galw am ei dewraf dyn"
IndiaIndia's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a yoga enthusiast, lobbied the United Nations to declare 21 June World Yoga Day
Paralympic discus champion Gareth Davies sets new world record. Great Britain's Gareth Davies has set a new world discus record at the Arizona Diamondbacks outdoor meet.
Llanelli's Wallace's place in Liverpool history is unassailable. The son of former Scotland international Dougie Wallace, who scored the club's first European goal in 1964, has a story that takes in one of Wales' most famous rugby academies and Huddersfield Town. He played a leading part in another landmark game, scoring twice in a 3-2 win over Arsenal.
Deir al-Zour hospital attack kills 35 pro-government fighters and some medical staff. Syrian opposition activists say Islamic State (IS) fighters have attacked a hospital in the eastern city of Deir Al-Zor, killing at least 35 government fighters and taking dozens of medical staff hostage.The attack was centred on al-Assad hospital, to the west of the city.
Russia's Sergey Lazarev had been the bookies' top tip for days, possibly because his song was so similar to 2015's Swedish winner - with innovative staging and a slick song to match.But Ukraine stole past Russia and Australia under the radar, with the new voting system providing a huge surprise at the 11th hour when Jamala was crowned as winner.She is the first Crimean Tatar to perform at the contest, and her song, 1944, could not have been further from Eurovision's usual fare.It deals with Stalin, Crimea and claims of ethnic cleansing.BBC Music reporter Mark Savage wrote in February that Ukraine
Marie-Louise Lebeau (1923–1 May 2010) was a French actress.Born in 1923 near Paris, she fled Nazi-occupied France with her then husband, prominent actor Marcel Dalio, in 1940.The couple ended up in Hollywood, and both played in Casablanca.In the film, Bogart plays an American cafe owner in Morocco.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez: "It has been an honour to be the manager of Everton Football Club for the past three seasons". Roberto Martinez has been sacked as Everton manager after three seasons at Goodison Park.
West Ham fans want the Premier League win over Manchester United to be the last at Upton Park.
What happened in Europe this weekend as further champions were crowned and others didn't have it quite as good?
PGA Tour: Adam Scott wins Tour Championship. Adam Scott shoots a one-under closing round of 71 to win the Tour Championship on Sunday and claim his first PGA of the year title at the Florida International Golf Club.
David Cameron says leaving the European Union would see prices rise and threaten jobs. The prime minister says leaving would be a national error, a big mistake. David Cameron has said leaving the EU would mean prices would rise and jobs would be lost, in a move seen as an attempt to reach out to Labour voters.He said three million people's livelihoods were directly linked to trade with Europe, with "countless more" linked indirectly.
Denbighshire council has been granted permission to compulsorily purchase the former North Wales Hospital.
"It's not just me that's saying it, the fact is that Sykes-Picot has failed, it's over," said the president of Iraq's autonomous Kurdistan Region, Massoud Barzani, in a BBC interview. "There has to be a new formula for the region. I'm very optimistic that within this new formula, the Kurds will achieve their historic demand and right [to independence]".
Everton chief executive Robert Elstone said the plan was at "an early stage".
"It is the only way to ensure that vital institutions... fall under representative and acknowledged authority."
Hartlepool 2-1 Portsmouth. Hartley heads home from a 91st-minute corner to send Plymouth to Wembley for the first time in 20 years.
A second man, aged 28, was charged with one count of rape
Nordtveit signs five-year deal with the Hammers.
England cricket: England wicketkeeper-batsman Sophie Taylor has announced her retirement from international cricket.Taylor has scored 5,581 international runs in 190 appearances, claiming 114 catches and 88 stumpings, and is one of only seven women to play in 100 ODIs for England.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro will not be ousted by a recall referendum, opposition leader Henrique Capriles has said.Opposition politicians began the process two weeks ago by handing in a petition signed by 1.85 million people.
Iranian women in Iran have been required to cover their hair in public since 1979.The Iranian Centre for Surveying and Combating Organised Cyber Crimes has arrested eight people for posting photos showing them not wearing headscarves on Instagram and elsewhere.The eight unnamed people were among 170 identified by investigators as being involved in modelling online.They included 59 photographers and make-up artists, 58 models and 51 fashion salon managers and designers.Of the 170 people found to be involved in online modelling, 29 were warned that they were subject to criminal investigation, the prosecutor added."The persons who reformed their behaviour after receiving a notice
A couple have been reunited with their father's cycling medal and uncle's watch after a decade after they were stolen from their home.The Marine Policing Unit's dive team were working on an unrelated case at Slade Ponds when they recovered the items in a supermarket carrier bag.The Larsons were traced after a public appeal by the police.One of the items found was a watch belonging to Mrs Larson's uncle, that he was given in 1972 in recognition of 40 years' service with the South Eastern Gas Board.Mrs Larson said: "I was amazed when my daughter-in-law said she'd seen a
The tours start in the Grassmarket, Castle Terrace and Middle Meadow Walk and each has a different theme.
Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce says the club must learn from its mistakes this season. Sunderland manager Sam Allryce says he does not want to put himself through what he did to guide the club to safety this season.
The CIA's covert operations are by their very nature hard to prove definitively. But research into the agency's work, as well as revelations by former CIA employees, has thrown up several cases where the agency tried to influence events.Most incidents came during the Cold War, when the US and the Soviet Union battled for influence across the continent.Here are four examples:Patrice Lumumba became the first prime minister of the newly-independent Congo in 1960, but he lasted just a few months in the job before he was overthrown and assassinated in January 1961.In 2002, former colonial power Belgium admitted responsibility for its part
Brent crude has now risen 80% since it hit 13-year lows of below $28 a barrel at the start of the year.
Pfizer to buy Anacor Pharmaceuticals for $2bn. Pfizer has agreed a deal to buy a US drugmaker for an undisclosed sum.
Man charged with grievous bodily harm with intent. A man has been charged with causing serious bodily harm after he was found with a serious head injury in Poole, Dorset.
Teaching assistants in the North East face being driven into poverty and relying on food banks.
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter in the death of a great-grandfather who was stabbed to death in a car crash.Matthew Daley, 35, killed Donald Lock, on the A24 in Findon, near Worthing, last July after the 79-year-old ran into the back of his vehicle.Daley had admitted stabbing Mr Lock to death, claiming diminished responsibility.Lewes Crown Court heard Daley suffered from chronic mental health problems.During the trial, jurors were told Daley's mother pleaded with mental health experts to have her son sectioned.She told the court, that the day
British 200m record holder Blake Mitchell-Blake clocked a time of 19.95 seconds at the SEC Championships in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.
Management body NHS Employers has given the plan the green light after advisers said there were.
Yellowstone National Park rangers have warned visitors to keep their distance from wildlife for the safety of both humans and animals.The bison was rejected by its herd after contact with the people.The park said it was just one example of "inappropriate, dangerous and illegal behaviour with wildlife".
The 73-year-old man who died from a stab wound at a property at Oxford Court in Ogmore Vale has been named as Gwilym Jones.
UK house prices rose by 7.7% in the year to March 2016, according to official figures.The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the figure was up from 7.6% in February.The ONS said house price growth in March was particularly driven by London, where the cost of a house or flat rose by 13%.
Wid Widnes have won just one of their last eight games, but England assistant coach Paul Betts is confident they can turn their fortunes around. Widnes are winless in their past eight games and have only won once in that time.We've got the personnel and we've got to spark us back into life.
Leeds Rhinos 12-12 Wigan. Wigan coach Shaun Wane: "I thought we played well for 40 minutes. We started well in both halves and were ruthless but then we got a bit bored and went away from it."I have to say there is loads of spirit in the Leeds team, there is no question about that. They have a competitive coach and competitive players."Leeds: Hardaker, Handley, Watkins, Keinhorst, Golding, McGuire, Lilley, Galloway, Jones-Buchanan, Singleton, Ferres, Cuthbertson,
The Wales Bill aims to grant the Welsh Assembly new powers over energy, transport and elections.
Austria's new president says he will not work with groups that incite against people and minorities.
The discovery of what appears to be a second dissident republican arms dump near Larne within three months has left police baffled.
There is no such rule - we popped out and bought a bunch of five without difficulty.A member of the tireless Reality Check team nipped off to a local shop to check this claim.
Boris Johnson has been accused of making "preposterous obscene political remarks" by Lord Heseltine, the Conservative peer who is campaigning for the UK to remain in the European Union. Boris Johnson, the former London mayor, compared the EU's aims in creating a "single authority" in Europe with Napoleon's and Hitler's. The Conservative peer has accused Boris Johnson of "recklessly" and "irresponsibly" using the memories of Hitler in the run-up to the UK's 23 June referendum. The former British prime minister has accused David Cameron of making a "near-racist remark" about US President Barack
The Queen's Speech is being seen as an attempt to secure a legacy of social reform for the prime minister but critics say it is overshadowed by 23 June's referendum on whether Britain should remain in the EU, which has split the Cabinet.Read more from LauraSNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said policies such as the planned renewal of Trident nuclear weapons, a continued squeeze on public spending and signals of "yet more cuts to welfare" were at odds with the Scottish government's "progressive agenda".The government is also pushing ahead with controversial plans to monitor internet use through its Investigatory Powers Bill and crack down on extremism, including stronger powers to
Edward Davies, 39, from Hampshire, has not been in touch with his family or friends since Sunday 8 May
Ross Thomson and Graham Simpson filled in a giant ballot paper outside Holyrood to underline their support for the Vote Leave campaign.
The woman, 37, from London, died at the scene while the younger girl later died of her injuries.
The SDLP and Alliance Party have yet to say whether they will join the executive.Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness said he was still hopeful both would be part of the new executive.
Blaze sign Liam Stewart as foreign import. Liam Stewart has signed for the Blaze of the Elite League as a foreign import.
The plans were not implemented and BHS went into administration last month, with a Â£571m pension scheme hole. The plans, "Project Thor" were put forward by the company two years ago in an attempt to build up the scheme.
The ship boasts an impressive 23 swimming pools, over 10,000 plants and a 10-storey high water slide.
Guy Guy Tutton wins bronze in the 100m women's breaststroke at the Rio Olympics.
Virtus is described by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) as "one of the most advanced integrated body armour and load carrying systems in the world".But among other complaints, soldiers say its webbing - where ammunition and kit is stored - has been snapping.The MoD said it was working with the armour's supplier to make improvements.Virtus was first rolled out at the beginning of the year and is gradually replacing Osprey armour in phases.So far around 9,000 units of Virtus body armour, helmets and load-carrying systems have been issued to a number of units - including members
Antarctic glacier retreat could push up global oceans by up to 2m, or more, says a new study. The researchers say the loss of ice from the Antarctic glacier Totten could cause global sea levels to rise by as much as 2.7m by the end of this century. The scientists say the ice loss from the Totten glacier could cause the global sea level to rise up to two metres by 2100.The researchers say that if the glacier retreats further inland, it will then enter a runaway reversal that takes it 200-250km further inland. If that happens, the ice margin starts to go back,
Robin Robin Wright, who plays Claire Underwood in the US political drama House of Cards, has taken a stand against gender inequality in the workplace.She has filed a lawsuit against her employer, the Fresno County Office of Education, claiming that she was being paid less than her male colleague, who was also a graduate of the same university.The court ruled in Ms Rizo's favour, arguing that the fact another woman earned more than her, shouldn't diminish her right to a fair wage.Her employers appealed the decision, and the case is still ongoing.She also testified before the California legislature, which has since passed an Equal Pay Act
Sevilla 3-0 Liverpool: Jurgen Klopp blames Brendan Rodgers for Reds' second-half collapse. Liverpool's defeat means the Reds will not play any European football next season, says manager Juergen Klopp. Liverpool manager Jürgen Klopp blames former Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno for his side's defeat by Sevilla in the Europa League final.
Boko Haram kidnap: Chibok schoolgirl found with baby. A Nigerian teenager has been found with a baby in the Sambisa Forest, close to the border with Cameroon. She was one of 219 schoolgirls missing since they were abducted from a secondary school in eastern Chibok in April 2014.
Sri Lanka mudslides and flooding have killed at least 43 people in the country, according to official figures.At least 134 people are still missing in the worst-hit area, Aranayake district, where a huge section of hillside sheared away in the rain on Tuesday.At Bulathkohupitiya, the site of the second, smaller landslide in Kegalle district, six people have been reported missing.
The Mediterranean gull and black-headed gull eggs were illegally harvested from from islands in Poole Harbour, Dorset
Shy Shyamal Kanti Bhakta, who is a Hindu, was made to hold his ears while performing squats, before being beaten.Many Bangladeshis were angered by his treatment, posting photos of themselves holding their ears in solidarity.The government said the sacking was illegal and dismissed the school board.But he made no mention of local MP AKM Selim Osman who was present at the teacher's ritual humiliation in Narayanganj District near Dhaka last Friday.The MP has refused to apologise for what happened, the Daily Star reports.In footage of Friday's incident, a crowd can be heard cheering
"The environment created by the coaches is of elite performance and it's making the lads want to be a part of it."
He faces three counts of misconduct in public office.
Venezuelan Foreign Minister Luis Almagro has accused President Nicolas Maduro of being a CIA agent and a traitor himself.In a series of 12 tweets, he also told the Venezuelan president that "you will NEVER be able to undo so much suffering, intimidation, misery and anguish you've created for your people".He also said Mr Maduro would "NEVER be able" bring back to life the children who've died because of lack of medicine.Venezuelan doctors say a shortage of essential medicine has reached a crisis point.Opposition politicians have handed in a petition with 1.85 million signatures to the electoral authorities requesting a referendum
European workers now make up 6.8% of Britain's workforce of 31.5 million, according to recent figures.
Al Merreikh's director football Hatim lashed out with his left arm and seemed to strike Kawkab's director of football Mohamed Otogo-Castane on the right side of his head.
Man found lying on the ground between Talisman Rise and Templar Rise in Dedridge, Livingston.
The Department of Health has admitted it is "cooking up accounting alchemy" by "turning hospitals' very large aggregated deficits into a much lower figure to ensure the NHS meets the spending limit set by HM Treasury". The NHS is facing a financial black hole of more than £10bn a year as it struggles to balance its books, according to new figures released by the regulator. It is the largest deficit in the history of the health service, and is expected to rise to £11.5bn by the end of the year.The Department of health has admitted that the overspend is "end
Charlton Charlton have extended the contracts of four players.Iran international Ghoochannejhad, 28, scored five goals in 42 appearances after joining the Addicks in 2014.Former Juventus defender Motta, 30, featured 12 times following his move to The Valley in February.Marko Dmitrovic, Alou Diarra and Callum Harriott have triggered one-year extensions to their current deals.Development squad players Zak Ansah, Alex Kelly, Ayo Obileye, Josh Staunton and Joe Pigott will also leave Charlton, who finished 22nd in the Championship this season
Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers is the frontrunner for the manager's job at the club, according to Rangers boss Mark Warburton.
Football League wants to create an extra division with 20 teams in each from 2019-20.It would mean England has 100 teams in five divisions, up from 92.There are currently 24 teams in the Championship, League One and League Two.The Premier League and the Football Association have backed the proposal "in principle".Of the current 72 Football League clubs, 90% must support the proposal for it to go ahead.A decision will be made at their annual general meeting in June 2017.
He joined from Grays in 2010 and was out of contract at the Iron
Warrenpoint deduction and relegation from the top flight, plus a possible fine of at least £350, if the outcome of the hearing did not go in their favourA Warrenpoint Town statement argued that the decision "contradicted the IFA's obligation to apply objectivity".
Abdul Hafidah, 18, died in hospital from a stab wound to the neck after the attack in Moss Side.
Carmen Beckford was the first black recipient of an MBE in the South West.
The couple, from Halstead, suffered "life-changing" injuries during "two hours of torture" on 26 April.Kent Police said the woman remains in a critical condition and the man is still being treated for his injuries.The couple were told family members would be killed if they did not give the gang what they wanted.The computer-generated image was created with the help of one of the victims.It shows a black man of medium height, possibly aged in his 20s, with cropped black hair."Although the suspects tried to conceal their identities, we have been able to get a very detailed description of one
Ian Rush opened the scoring at the Racecourse with a first half tap-in
Brendan Rodgers has signed a 12-month rolling contract to replace Ronny Deila, who departed the Scottish champions at the end of the season.Rodgers, 43, left Anfield in October after more than three years in charge.
A sculpture depicting a sprawled murder victim surrounded by police tape was crowned winner of the Cornwall Beach Games sandcastle competition.
Ai Weiwei has unveiled a new exhibition of 12,030 small pictures taken on the artist's camera phone, documenting his time on the Greek island of Lesbos.
Sand Sandwell Councillor Mahboob Hussain is accused of six alleged council code of conduct breaches, according to solicitors Gowling WLG.The law firm was brought in 15 months ago to investigate alleged.
They adopted him and he came into the studio for a live interview with his owner who has written a book about it.
The pair were found guilty of blowing up the cash machine at Scotmid in North Deeside Road, Bieldside, Aberdeen and stealing £112,000. They were also convicted of attempting to break into a cash machine in Mintlaw by using a crowbar.
It is a tale of billions of pounds for schools, hospitals and transport projects. It is hard to believe the Luxembourg financiers will get much of a PR bang for their not insubstantial buck.
Sheffield United have announced the release of defender Mark Baxter, who has been placed on the transfer list.
John Hughes: Inverness CT manager resigns. John Hughes has resigned as manager of Scottish Premier League side Invernest CT following a rift with the club's board over his budget.
Flames could be seen shooting from the roof of Scotway House, close to the city's Riverside Museum,
Hundreds of people have gone to hospital, complaining of breathing difficulties and skin problemsSome schools were shut and some flights into the country cancelled or divertedPeople in the capital San Jose, about 45km (30 miles) west of the Turrialba
The images were all taken from midday-to-midday on 16 and 17 April and the contest was open to anyone with a camera or a mobile phone.
William (Plum) Smith was a member of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) in Northern Ireland. He was the chairman of the PUP and was part of the party's negotiating team around the Good Friday Agreement.
One person has been arrested in relation to the incident, British Transport Police saidThe station was closed for more than half an hour until the smoke clearedAllie Elwell, who was in the station at the time, said there were "cops everywhere"She said: "It was madness. There were fans singing and cheering down the tunnel.We turned the corner and could smell smoke.Soon after, there was announcement on the PA to evacuate due to an emergency.The area is now safe and the fire alarms have been reset, with the station reopening just before 16:00TfL did not say which group of fans
Cornwall are the reigning county champions after they beat Lancashire in the final
At least 60 people were injured when Iraqi troops drove back thousands of mainly Shia Muslims protesting against corruption and security failures.Soldiers fired real and rubber bullets at the protesters, as well as tear gas.Some reports, citing hospital sources, said four people had been killed and 90 injured in the clashes.Shia Muslim cleric Moqtada Sadr condemned the use of force by the police, and voiced support for the demonstrators' "peaceful [and] spontaneous revolt".The protesters accuse the government of neglecting much needed reforms, as it struggles with its campaign against the so-called Islamic State group (IS) and declining oil revenues
Glenurquhart 2-0 at home to Lochaber. The four pointer in Drumnadrochit to escape the relegation play off place gave Glenurquisthart their first Premiership victory for two months. Glenurquerhart's victory over Lochaber means that they trail leaders Glasgow Mid Argyll only on goals scored.
Rugby sevens: England take on Scotland in quarter-finals. England beat Wales and Australia to finish second in Pool B of the Rugby Sevens at the Rio Olympics.
The man was brought ashore but died at the scene.
The 2,460-metre (8,070 foot) tall volcano is among the country's most active.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike in Pakistan, the Afghan government says.Mansour assumed the leadership in July 2015, replacing Taliban founder and spiritual head Mullah Mohammad Omar. The death of Mullah Mansour would be a big blow for the Taliban. He was gradually tightening his grip on the movement by bringing into his fold other leading Taliban members.
Chris Rea: F1's greatest driver Wolfgang von Trips was 'like a benign Darth Vader with his modern helmet on, and his name is Wolfgang Alexander Von Trips, and he lives in a castle'. It's the 1995 Monaco Grand Prix and Eddie Irvine is returning to the pits with a problem with his right-rear wheel. "I was only about eight years old, and I was on my way to Monaco with my dad and my brother, and we were on the way to the Grand Prix, and there was a car in the garage, and it was a Ferrari, and the driver was
Couch to 5k Challenge: Start your own Couch To start the Couch To 5K Challenge, visit the Make Your Move website.
The naked man was spotted outside his hotel on Chorlton Street, at about 04:30 BST
Kilmarnock boss Neil Clark says changes are needed by next season. Killie manager Neil Clark has said changes are required by the end of the season after his side were beaten by Falkirk in the Premiership play-off final second leg at Rugby Park. "It is a great occasion at the moment, but it is one you don't want to be involved with, and hopefully never again."
Sean Farquhar was killed in a crash at the North West 200 on Saturday, 14 May.Farquhar and Dan Cooper came off their bikes on the Black Hill section of the course.
The man, known as David, said he wanted answers about how Lincolnshire Police dealt with allegations against Gordon Dawson, a farmer from Spilsby.
Models of three soldiers - each depicting one of the old regiments - will be cast in bronze and displayed at the Arboretum in Staffordshire
Welsh Local Government Association chief executive Russell Goodway said the Welsh Government should "seriously develop" a set of proposals.
Louis van Gaal has been sacked by Manchester United after two years in charge.
Frankfurt sign Linden for second half of WSL season. Frankfurt sign Germany international Linden from Bayer Leverkusen.
Chris Chibnall will be moving to replace Steven Moffat as the head writer and executive producer for BBC One's Doctor Who.
Wrexham striker Kayden Jackson joins Barnsley for next season.
The Northern Health and Social Care Trust has agreed a settlement of £5.3m with the parents of a child who suffered hypoxia due to a delay in her delivery at Antrim Area Hospital in 2007.
Sean Dickson (207 not out) scores a first class hundred for Kent against Derbyshire on day four of the County Championship. Kent batsman Sean Dickson scored a century to give his side an unlikely victory over Worcestershire in the first County Championship match of the season.Derbyshire's Billy Godleman retired hurt without facing a ball after he was hit by a throw.
Guinea 0-4 England: Jack Grealish scores twice as England cruise to easy win. Guinea's Cauley Woodrow's shot was deflected in by a Fulham defender in England's 4-1 win over Guinea.
Middlesex v Somerset: Gubbins hits 109 as Somerset reach 407-9 at stumps. Middlesex's opening partnership with Sam Robson (99) helped the home side reach 407 for 9 before Robson was dismissed by Joe Leach for 99.
The bodies were found in two 10m (33ft) deep pits in the town of Tetelcingo in Morelos state, Mexico, last November.Morelos is among the worst-affected states in Mexico's epidemic of drug violence.
Red kites were persecuted into virtual extinction in the UK, but in recent years they have been re-introduced through breeding programmes.
Stuart McCloskey has extended his contract with Ulster until the end of the 2016-17 season.McCloskey still had a year remaining on his previous contract but had no hesitation in signing a long-term deal."I grew up in Ulster and it was always a dream to wear the jersey," he said."Despite some strong interest from other clubs, it was a fairly straightforward decision since all of my family and friends are here."The supporters, the facilities we have and the quality of the coaching were all factors in my decision."We had a disappointing finish to the season but I believe things are promising for the future and
Isle of Wight-born Katie Andrews wins 10,000m at Parliament Hill. Katie Andrews beats her personal best by 83 seconds to win the 10km at the London 2012 Olympic trials. Katie Andrew wins the women's 10km final at the Olympic trials in London.
Huawei has filed a lawsuit against Samsung in two US courts, claiming the South Korean firm infringed its patents.The Chinese firm said it was pursuing its South Korean rival in two courts - one in California, the other in Shenzhen.
The owner of the 1977 Ford Mustang died in August and when his daughter checked his garage in Welwyn Garden City
Zlatan Ibrahimovic could be Manchester United's most marketable player since Cristiano Ronaldo, says Rob Wilson. Manchester United could sign Swedish striker Zlatlan Ibrahimovic from Paris St-Germain, according to football finance expert Rob Wilson, who says the 34-year-old would be the club's most successful player in the last 15 years.
Chris Eubank Jr has offered Chris Blackwell his British title belt as a goodwill gesture after the former WBA super middleweight champion was put in an induced coma following a brain haemorrhage.The offer comes despite Blackwell saying Eubank and his father were "inhuman" in how they reacted to his life-threatening injuries post-fight."I ended the guy's career, I've stopped him being able to make a living."I wanted to come and see him because I had something for him, and that something is my British title Belt."
Paddy has had to face up to some personal problems in recent weeks
The University and College Union says the 1.1% rise offered by the universities is "an insult".
Five Give Up the Booze, Five Go Gluten Free Five Go On A Strategy Away Day and Five Go Parenting will be released in hardback on 3 November.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone attack in Pakistan.Mullah Mansour is thought to have developed a huge new source of income for the Taliban - along the way enriching himself and his fellow tribesmen.Mansour helped oversee the transformation of the Taliban from a movement of pious fanatics, largely funded by true believers from abroad, into something very different.The movement he officially took over last year had been refashioned into what is, in effect, a multi-billion dollar drugs cartel.After the invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, remittances from the Gulf fell away.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister Martin McGuinness has been invited by the Flemish government to Flanders in Belgium, where the Battle of Messines took place.
Children who grow up with parents who have highly-conflicted relationships are much more likely to have mental and physical health problems, according to a new report. A new report has found that children who have high levels of conflict in their parents' relationships are at increased risk of mental health problems and crime. Children who have a high level of conflict with their parents are more likely than other children to have a mental health problem, a new study has found.Children are very perceptive to atmosphere. It doesn't have to be a shouting match - they can pick up on stonewalling.
"It's been great to be part of such a change. The grannies have now become more confident. They have become a part of my life and I have become an entrepreneur, empowering them and making them realise that they can become entrepreneurs at any stage of their life."Lima, a textile design graduate, got the idea for Granny's Love when she saw her mother-in-law knitting. "I thought if I give her design directions she can come up with something fabulous."The business relies on a combination of new technology (the internet and social media apps) and good old-fashioned craft (
It is the stuff of Donald Trump's dreams, only his wall would be bigger and better of course, not to mention longer, stronger and vastly more expensive.Between the fortifications, in what is effectively no-man's land, a yellow line painted on the concrete marks the end of the mainland United States and the beginning of Mexico.The border here owes its defences to Operation Gatekeeper, a controversial programme enacted in 1994 under President Bill Clinton which built barriers, added patrols and spruced up technology such as movement sensors.All these years on, it appears to have worked, up to a point."It's
A teenager in Malaysia has died after being born with a foetus attached to the outside of his stomach.The foetus was found inside the abdomen of one child, in the case of a triplet pregnancy.The teenager had been admitted to a local district hospital before being referred to the Sultan Abdul Hamid Hospital in Kedah for the operation to remove the twin.It is believed to be the first reported case of the condition, known medically as "fetus in fetu", in Malaysia.The boy's mother, 38, said funeral rites had been performed on the foetus and it was buried at a local cemetery
Scarlets' Hooker Hughes and flanker Evans have been included in Wales' squad for June's Junior World Championship
M&S shares sank 8% after the retailer warned of a hit to short-term profits.
Amateur International Boxing Association says pro boxers will compete in Rio.
Members of the University and College Union (UCU) are taking part in a two-day national strike which is happening at universities across the UK.
Noss Primary in Wick is closed until 30 May following what Highland Council described as a "significant failure" at the £15.4m building.
Craig Young will miss the five-match one-day series against Afghanistan in July.
The population of Northern Ireland is projected to reach two million by mid-2034.
A consortium led by Matalan tycoon John Hargreaves and Turkish retail entrepreneur Cafer Mahiroglu has reportedly run into difficulties, while other suitors have apparently failed to impress with their proposals.BHS entered administration in April. Since then, efforts have been continuing to rescue it from closure and save the jobs of its 11,000 staff.Last week, a surprise late bid led by retail veteran Greg Tufnell transformed the race to acquire the retailer.His team, said to be backed by Portuguese money, is the front-runner.But if a deal cannot be struck, the business may still
Gateshead striker Paul Johnson signs new deal. Gateshead forward Paul Johnson has signed a new contract with the National League side Gateshead following his release by Cardiff City.
Coleraine East Londonderry MLA Sarah Sugden has become one of the youngest people in Northern Ireland to hold a ministerial portfolio.She has only been an MLA for two years.What is her background?
Ambulance trusts paid private companies and voluntary organisations £68.7m to attend emergency calls in 2015-6, compared to £22.1m in 2011-2.The ambulance service in England took 861,000 emergency phone calls in March 2016 - which equates to 27,800 a day - compared to 22,400 calls a day in March 2015,.
Dominic Chappell's plans for acquiring and reviving BHS to MPs. "Punt".
The sale is not connected to the squeeze on agricultural incomes linked to the current downturn.
Rio 2016: BBC Sport to broadcast more than 3,000 hours of coverage. The BBC will broadcast over three years of coverage of the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard have filed for divorce in Los Angeles Superior Court citing irreconcilable differences.They married 15 months ago and have no children.They have recently been embroiled in a legal case in Australia after Heard took two dogs into the country illegally.
The 34ft (10m) catamaran crashed into the turbine off the coast of Cumbria, about 2.5-miles off Walney Island, near Barrow
World Cup teams of all time: BBC Sport assesses every side to have played an international match and analysed every international result. BBC Sport have come up with the top 10 teams of the all-time, ranked according to their ability to win the World Cup and the European Championship, as well as their strength in defence and attack. Who are the 10 best teams in the history of football? BBC Sport's analysis of every team to have ever played a World Cup match.Media playback is not supported on this device World Cup team of the year: West Germany, 1974 This West Germany side will not be remembered with the same
Hampshire v Middlesex: Voges and Malan put Middlesex on top. Middlesex's third-wicket partnership leaves them in strong position to claim their first win in the County Championship this season.
Leicester Tigers winger Ellis Genge is in the England squad for the summer Tests.
Roland Garbine Muguruza advances to the third round of the French Open after beating Spain's Pablo Carreno Busta in five sets.
Tony Franklin has had a problem with gambling since he was a child. He had managed to stay out of the bookies for a year, but over a couple of hours 18 months ago, he blew it all.Having avoided high-street bookmakers for the last year, he cleaned out his bank account in just an hour after a trip to the barbers.As he left he was drawn to one of the many betting shops on his high street and one of its FOBTs."I was totally devastated and just completely caught up in the gambling, in the red mist of it," he says.His addiction has
Buttler signs new deal with Lancashire. England's Jos Buttler has signed a new deal to keep him in the T20 Blast until 2019, the Red Rose have announced.
I spoke to Gary last week and was delighted to join a great club.
Artist Jon Schueler, who died in New York in 1992 at the age of 75, was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in 1916.
Microsoft, Facebook and Google will help design the subsea cable which will run between Virginia in the US and Bilbao, Spain.The project will be managed by Spanish telecommunications firm Telefonica, which will sell any unused capacity on the cable to other customers.
Coventry City Council has said it accepted 105 people from October to March under the Government's expanded resettlement programme.The council said the first refugees arrived in 2014 and all costs associated with it.
MI5 has raised its target for women employees to 45% by 2021.
Kaka adds to Brazil squad because of injury. Kaka has been added to Brazil's squad for the World Cup because of an injury to Douglas Costa.
The campaign has triggered controversy, with critics saying that it is a crude assault on Ukraine's past.
Scientists have discovered a way to trace the lineage of cells in the human body using a technique called GALTALT, a gene editing technique developed by researchers at the University of Washington in Seattle, US.The technique is being hailed as a breakthrough in understanding how the trillions of complex cells in a body are descended from a single egg.It has the potential to provide profound insights into how normal, diseased or damaged tissues are constructed and maintained.The work appears in Science journal.The human body has around 40 trillion cells, each with a highly specialised function. Yet each can trace its history back to the same starting point
Liam Fee's case will be examined by a significant case review in Fife, a court has heard. Liam Fee was only two-and-a-half-years old when he died at his nursery in Livingston, Fife. A child protection social worker has admitted in court that at one point Liam Fee "fell off their radar" and his case was not reviewed until further concerns were raised.The High Court in Livingston heard from Patricia Smith, who used the same childminder.She told the jury she phoned Fife Social Work department after meeting the Fees in the street.Liam was in his buggy
Roald Dahl's words in Oxford dictionary. Roaldahl famously invented words to stop his readers getting so bored they closed their books and watched TV. A new dictionary has been compiled by lexicographer Dr Susan Rennie of Oxford University's Oxford Literary Estate to celebrate the author's 50th birthday.A new dictionary is being compiled by Oxford University to celebrate his 50th anniversary.Roald Dahl, the author of the best-selling children's books Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Fantastic Mr Fox and The BFG, is the first to be published in the UK.
The organisers of Common People commissioned the inflatable structure for the event on Southampton Common on Saturday and Sunday
Scotland fly-half Adam Jones has been named in Vern Cotter's 27-man squad for the Tests against Japan and South Africa.
Anyone can win £50 million by correctly predicting the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships.
Nihar Janga, from Austin, Texas, was named co-champion with Jairam Hathwar, 13.The pair battled for 25 rounds in the final of the national competition, which was broadcast live on TV.
Sadiq Khan said Lord Toby Harris of Haringey would review the "capability, capacity and collaboration arrangements of every London agency".
It was advertised as a telegram machine and was for sale for £9.50The museum, in Buckinghamshire, is now asking people to search for the motor, another key piece of the equipmentMy colleague was scanning eBay and he saw a photograph of what seemed to be the teleprinterHe then went to investigate further where he found the keyboard being kept, in its original case, on the floor of a shed "with rubbish all over it""We said 'Thank you very much, how much was it again?' She said '£9.'
The EU is expected to renew sanctions in a matter of weeks.
More than 20 strikes have been carried out in the past four days in support of Iraqi forces trying to retake Falluja from Islamic State (IS).
The absence of millions of young voters from the electoral register could lead to a victory for the Leave camp in the EU referendum, he warned.Mr Miliband, who resigned as leader of the Labour Party following its defeat in the 2015 general election, said the Leave side offered a "narrow" future which pretended to be about national freedom.He added: "When the Leave campaign is asked about the future - future jobs, future opportunities, future growth - they have one answer: they just don't know."Those words should ring in the ears of every child, student and parent.
Irish boss Martin O'Neill pleased with Shane Long's first-half goal. Ireland manager Martin O’Neill says he was pleased with his side's 1-1 draw with the Netherlands in the final warm-up game of their Euro 2016 qualification campaign.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the rape of a teenager in Rio de Janeiro.The girl, 16, believes she was doped after going to her boyfriend's house last Saturday and says she woke up in a different house, surrounded by 30 men.Police are hunting more than 30 male suspects. Arrest warrants have been issued, including one for the boyfriend.The rape is said to have taken place in a poor community in western Rio over the weekend.A 40-second-video was widely shared and followed by a wave of misogynistic comments, before the users' accounts were suspended.In a message posted on Facebook,
South Wales Police said the incident happened at about 17:50 BST on Friday near to Court Road, Barry, and involved a black Renault Clio
McLaren's F1 history has, like those of many long-term participants, been a cycle of triumph and decline.Their first decade, following the team's establishment by the New Zealand F1 driver Bruce McLaren was spent building up the team into an increasingly powerful force, a process that continued despite the founder's death in a testing crash in 1970.Their maiden title came in 1974, with the Brazilian Emerson Fittipaldi. Another followed two years later, courtesy of James Hunt in his now-famous battle with Ferrari's Niki Lauda.But then the team began to slip backwards, left behind by the technology of
The company has a contract with Pembrokeshire council to provide school transport. It is also one of the main suppliers for local sport teams.
BMW PGA 2014: Tyrrell Hatton, Lee Westwood, Danny Willett and YE Yang tied for third. Tyrrell Hend is tied for second after the third round at Wentworth after finishing on nine under after the final round of the BMW International PGA Championship.Tyrrell Hend shoots a one-over-par 73 to finish on nine-under in the final match of his final round at the BMW European Tour event in Wentworth, England, to tie for third place with Lee Willett, who is a shot further back.Hend birdied five of his last eight holes to shoot a
The woman had minor facial injuries and a 57-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assault.
Ricky Burns becomes the first Scot to win world titles at three weights. Ricky Burns is the first Scottish boxer to become a three-weight world champion after winning the vacant WBA World Super-Lightweight title at Glasgow's Hydro.
Daniel Ricciardo was poised to take the lead from eventual winner Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes only for a slow pit stop because his tyres were not ready.
Brianne Theisen-Eaton defends world pole vault title in Austria. Britain's Brianne Johnson-Thompson wins the women's pole vault at the World Championships in Austria.The 23-year-old needed 6,200 points for Olympic qualification and achieved it with ease.
Oxfordshire County Council plans to prohibit buses, taxis and private hire vehicles from using Queen Street.The council said it was "vital" for more pedestrians and cyclists to use the route.
£22m road bridge linking Danestone and Tillydrone.
Great Great Britain play the Dutch in Amsterdam on Tuesday and Thursday.
Premier League clubs generate £3.3bn record revenues in 2014-15, says Deloitte. Premier League and Football League clubs generated record revenues for the first time in 2014, according to a report by Deloanitte.
Donald Trump's attack ad on Hillary Clinton is a form of revenge.The billionaire, in a jujutsu-like move, has already launched an attack ad featuring video of Kathleen Willey, who accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault. "DIRTY BILLS," read the front page of the New York Post the following day, conflating Trump's ad with the allegations against Bill Cosby. "She would go after these women and destroy their lives," he has claimed.Like many of Trump's attacks, that may strike many voters as shrill and overstated, it also contains a kernel of truth.The
Deportivo won just two of their last 22 league games and finished 15th.
Olympiakos striker Miguel Pulido, 25, was abducted at gunpoint on Saturday night in his home town of Ciudad Victoria in Mexico's Tamaulipas state.Pulido cut his wrist when he punched a glass pane on a door as he tried to escape before police arrived.Police are searching for another three men believed to have been involved in the kidnapping.A 38-year-old man has been arrested.
Gary Barlow performs Could It Be Magic at Cabot Circus shopping centre
District heating is popular in several other European countries.
In 1975, the Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson asked the country if it should stay or exit the European Economic Community (EEC) (Common Market).Then, the UK chose to remain in - but how will people vote this time around?Voters in the 1975 referendum look back on their decisions and consider how they will vote later this monthI remember the 1950s after the war and the period of austerity we hadPeople thought we were joining the Common Market to get better deals in buying and selling goodsBut I thought we would not be given a fair chanceI was a nurse in the health service and saw it being run down,
Latam airlines said it would suspend its operations to Caracas airport "temporarily and for an unspecified time".
Golden State Warriors beat the Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA Finals to win a play-off series.
Iran's most popular messaging app is Berlin-based service Telegram, believed to be used by one in four Iranians.Messages shared via Telegram, which is free to use, are encrypted and can be seen by many users at once.Telegram could not be reached for comment but reports circulating on social networks that it has decided to comply are understood to be false.Most social networks are officially blocked by the state but lots of people are able to access them via services like Virtual Private Networks (VPNs), which mask a browser's geographical location.The country's president, Hassan Rouhani, has active Twitter accounts in English and Persian.The
The country is importing more than it is selling, unemployment continues to soar, while a proud history of good education has only produced millions of vendors selling cheap goods and food to their fellow impoverished citizens.
Cornwall have now reached the showpiece game in each of the last four yearsThe final of the competition, also known as the Bill Beaumont Cup, is played at Twickenham
Scotland women's football team are in pole position to reach next summer's finals in the Netherlands without the need for a play-off. Scotland's Laura Evans is desperate not to miss out again after play-offs for Euro 2013 and last year's World Cup.
Two of the girls were Somali teenagers who disappeared in 2005 and 2012.
Wales boss Chris Coleman says Marcus Rashford will have to adjust to the pressure of a major tournament after being named in England's squad.
Norwich City's Martin Keown: Scotland need to be braver on the ball against France. Norwich City captain Keown says Scotland will need to improve if they are to avoid back-to-back friendly defeats against Italy and France.
President Rodrigo Duterte has said that "you won't be killed if you don't do anything wrong" in the Philippines. He made the comments at a news briefing in his home city, Davao, where he also unveiled his new cabinet.The former mayor of Davao was formally declared the next leader on Monday, after a landslide victory in May's election.He will be sworn in on 30 June.The news conference was a typically strident appearance by the man nicknamed "The Punisher" for his strict criminal policies in Davao.Mr Duterte's popularity rests on his reputation as a crime-fighter.During his
A Chinese stowaway who was found in the cargo hold of a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has been identified by Chinese media as a 16-year-old boy from Sichuan named Xu.The China Daily report said non-United Arab Emirates citizens were making a fortune begging, some making 270,000 dirhams (that is where the 470,000 yuan figure comes from).
West Sussex fire services to collaborate under new bill. The move is part of national fire service reforms unveiled by Home Secretary Theresa May last week.
Tim Peake became the first British astronaut on the International Space Station when he launched into space in December.
Malka Leifer, the former principal of a Jewish girls' school in Melbourne, fled to Israel in 2008 after accusations were raised against her.
Southern Water said the pipe burst in Chestnut Avenue had affected homes in the SO53 and SO16 postcodes.
"Wales: The Road to the Euros"
The UK's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace since early 2013 in May, according to a survey of purchasing managers' confidence. The manufacturing sector is expected to act as an increased drag on the economy in the second quarter of 2016.
Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange (LSE) have agreed to merge.It will create one of the world's largest exchange companies with a combined value of about £21bn.Each of the two companies has more than 5,000 staff.The LSE said its shareholders would be asked to approve the merger on 4 July.It added that the deal was expected to produce €250m in annual cost savings in five years, with €160m of those savings achieved by year three.
The visit comes after Myanmar opened up to international trade and investment following decades of military rule.
Sir Sir Kevin Barron and John Healey were awarded £40,000 each in libel damages.
Nigel Stevens and his wife have been living in Spain for more than 30 years.Sit on the sea wall by their cafÃ© and you'll struggle to hear much Spanish conversation. Almost everyone walking by is either a British tourist or resident.There are 309,000 Brits registered as having residency in Spain but there are likely to be many thousands more living here for just part of the year.It is not hard to understand why.There is a fish and chip shop, British Butcher's, Chinese and Indian Restaurants, an Iceland close by, and of course, full English Breakfasts a-go-go.
Super Puma H225 helicopter crash: Report urges action. A report urges European aviation safety officials to take immediate action.
Booking.com said it believed it complied with local tax law, and would contest the ruling in court.
The US and UK say the Syrian government has failed to respect a deadline for aid distribution agreed by world and regional powers. The United States and Britain have called on Russia and Iran to use their influence to ensure the air drops could proceed safely.
Donald Trump: PGA Tour could not find sponsors to hold World Golf Championship in Mexico City. Donald Trump has said the PGA had "put profit ahead of thousands of American jobs".
New South Wales police have launched an investigation into alleged match-fixing in the National Rugby League.
Steven Lawless: Dundee United and Inverness Caledonian Thistle midfielder rejects offers from other clubs.Steven Lawless has rejected offers from Scottish Premiership rivals Dundee Dundee and inverness Caley Thistle and has signed a new two-year deal at Firhill. Dundee-based Steven Lawrence has rejected a new contract offer from Scottish Premier League side Dundee.
Leinster fly-half Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's June tour of South Africa with a knee injury and will be ruled out for three months.Full-back Rob Kearney has a hamstring injury with his brother Dave ruled out by a torn calf muscle.
Facebook's chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg confirmed the decision to retain Peter Thiel during her appearance at the Code Conference.Mr Thiel has said he wants to challenge Gawker's "bullying" behaviour.But he has been criticised for using his wealth to try and silence part of the media.
Sgt Jon Harris from our city centre community policing team was encouraged to participate in karaoke ongoing in the pubThe officer was in full uniform at the timeMr McKenna-Boyd told BBC Radio Scotland's The Kaye Adams programme: "Nobody expected it to happen. It was just a normal Wednesday night for us."They've just launched their new wacky Wednesday which is a bit of a game show and a bit
Preston City sign Barnsley winger Josh Brownhill. Preston City have signed BarnsLEY winger Josh Brownhill from Preston City on a season-long loan deal.
Dani Alves: Barcelona defender to leave at the end of the season. Barcelona defender Daniel Alves has announced he will leave the club after eight years at the club.
Alan Stubbs: Hibernian start process of appointing new boss. Alan Stuart Stubbs signs a three-year deal with Rotherham United after leaving Hibs to take charge of the Millers in the Championship this season. Hibs have started the process of naming a new boss after appointing Alan Stuart as their new manager.
Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers invites Scott Brown to his London home. Brendan Rodgers has invited Celtic captain Scott Brown over dinner to discuss his plans for the club.
Roland Garros: Novak Djokovic beats Tomas Berdych to reach semi-final. Novak Djokovic wins his first Grand Slam quarter-final of the tournament as he bids to complete the career Grand Slam. The world number one advances to the semi-finals of the French Open with a 6-3 7-5 6-7 (9-7) 6-4 6-1 victory over seventh seed Tomas Berdch. The rain delayed play for a little over an hour and a half, but the rain stopped just before the start of the second set, and the match resumed after
The human-pig chimeric embryos are being allowed to develop in the sows for 28 days before the pregnancies are terminated and the tissue removed for analysis.The embryos are part of research aimed at overcoming the worldwide shortage of transplant organs.
Northern Ireland's George Washington scores in his second game against Belarus. Northern Ireland striker George Washington has scored his second goal in his first two internationals.
Police in Australia knew the creator of the site used an unusual greeting - the word "hiyas".After exhaustively trawling chatrooms and forums in the open internet, they.
Hillary Clinton has come out swinging against Donald Trump in a scathing speech that made clear she's looking to appeal to a broad centre in the general election.
Hillsborough families meet Theresa May. The families of fans who died in the 1989 Hillsborough disaster have met the home secretary.
Alexander Wotherspoon, 83, appeared at Paisley Sheriff Court charged with causing the death of Eilish Herron by driving without due care and attention.
Jupiter's atmosphere is illuminated by the glow of ammonia. Scientists have traced the presence of ammonia in the atmosphere of Jupiter's gas giant to study the circulation systems below the visible cloud tops. A team of astronomers has traced the glowing glow of the planet's atmosphere for the first time, using radio waves from the Karl G Jansky Very Large Array.
Dunlop fastest in the Superbike class at the Isle of Man TT. Ian Hutchinson was second fastest in Friday night's qualifying session at Keppel Gate in the Lightweight Supertwins class.
Seven-year-old Yamato Tanooka was found in a military training base near Shikabe in Hokkaido, just a few kilometres from where he was left.His parents initially said he had got lost, but eventually admitted briefly abandoning him for being naughty.His father has apologised to his son and rescuers, saying "we went too far".How did Yamato survive?The lost boy and Japanâ€™s parenting debateWorld media draw lessons"My excessive act forced my son to have a painful time," Takayuki Tanooka said in an emotional news briefing outside Hakodate hospital, 30km
A boy was lost in the woods while the family was foraging for wild vegetables. At first the story was that he was lost because he had been abandoned by his parents and not just once, but twice in a very short space of time.
A US court has ruled that a sample from Madonna's track Vogue was not theft.The case revolved around a horn "hit", which was allegedly lifted from the Salsoul Orchestra track Love Break.But the US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals said the sample lasted less than a second, and would not have been recognisable to the general public.
The Treasury says abolishing the grants, or bursaries, will allow many more nurses to be trained.But a Royal College of Nursing survey claims two-thirds of nurses wouldn't have studied nursing without them.They say it would make an existing staff shortage even worse.Bursaries are a means-tested allowance paid to those healthcare students who qualify, to help with living expenses during their training.Plans to scrap them were outlined by Chancellor George Osborne, as part of the government's Spending Review in November 2015.At the time he said the move would free up around Â£800m a year in government spending
Overweight children between four and 18 months old eat similar food to healthy weight children but have bigger portions, a study found.The University College, London report said parents may not realise how much young children should be eating or the dangers of them being overweight.
An investigation by Northampton Borough Council discovered 21 homeless people in the town, including "a significant proportion of European migrants".
Ajax forward Middag is delighted to get the chance to play for such a big club.
Former Rangers chief executive David Whyte is the only person left in the dock in relation to the charges against him.Judge Lord Bannatyne told Mr MacLeod: "I would expect you to be in a position to say what is going to happen. I would expect some plea to be entered."
Wales national football team players and coaches left their base at the Vale Resort, Vale of Glamorgan, on Saturday and headed to Cardiff Airport
If you are a British citizen living in the UK, you can register to vote online at gov.uk/register-to-vote.In Scotland, visit the government's Register to vote in Scotland page to download a registration form.If you are not on the register you have until midnight on Tuesday, 7 June to submit an application for a vote.
A US judge has ruled that female US soccer players are not eligible to strike because of a provision in an earlier contract.The US Soccer Federation sued the players' union to prevent a strike.
Luas drivers vote to accept pay rise deal. The four-month stand off between workers and management resulted in 12 full days of strike action, affecting hundreds of thousands of passengers.
Muhammad Ali, the three-times heavy weight boxing champion, passed away after being admitted to hospital in Phoenix Arizona with a respiratory illness.Fifty-thousand tweets were posted within hours of the news being confirmed in the early hours of Saturday morning.By 08:00 GMT more than 300,000 tweets using the hashtag #MuhammadAli had been posted.This cartoon image of boxing gloves designed with his famous "float like a butterfly sting like a bee" quote in mind has been shared a number of times from various Twitter accounts.Ali, who was known as much for his social conscience as his boxing skills, was outspoken and a
John Boyega is currently filming Star Wars Episode EightThe 24-year-old, played stormtrooper Finn in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and was a member of Theatre Peckham's companyRead More.
East Sussex Wildlife Rescue said it had rescued 25 birds in the last 12 months.
Rock am Ring festival cancelled in Germany after lightning strike. The organisers of Germany's biggest music festival have cancelled it after a lightning strike at the airport in the town of Mendig left eight people seriously injured.
Save Our Falmouth Group organised the event in response to the latest planning applications for large scale student accommodation.
Police Scotland said two men broke into the farm house near to Corsock, Castle Douglas
Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray face off in Sunday's final of the French Open at Roland Garros.Murray, the first British man to reach a French Open final since 1937, hopes to add the one major title to have so far eluded him.The Scot, the world number two, has reached the final of a Grand Slam for the first time since winning the US Open in 2012 and Wimbledon in 2013.He will be the first Briton to reach the final since Fred Perry, Britain's last male champion in 1935, in 1935.Sue Barker won the women's title in 1976 but since
Great white shark kills surfer near Mandurah. A surfer has died after being attacked by a great white shark near Perth.
Froome and Nairo Quintana will be the favourites to win the Criterium du Dauphiné, according to Alberto Contador.
This was the Lionhearts first appearance in the WSB final.
Hearts transfer news: Martin Sammon to sign for Scottish Premiership club. Hearts striker Martin Samuel has negotiated an early release from his contract with Derby County.
Overton made 40 and Groenewald hit 34 in an unbroken stand of 65 off 49 balls.
Ronald Koeman: Everton to pay £5m compensation for Southampton boss. Ronald Koemen will sign a deal reported to be worth about £6m a year after leaving Southampton. Everton will pay about £5million compensation to Southampton for the departure of former manager Ronny De Jong, it has been reported.
Garcia and Mladenovic claim their first Grand Slam title
Brighton & Hove Albion defender Chris Greer has been released by the club after they fell short in their bid for promotion to the Premier League.
Researchers believe achieving a healthier weight could cut the risk by a fifth in breast cancer.The study, led by researchers at the University of Hacettepe's oncology centre in Turkey, is the first of its kind to look at the link between weight and cancer recurrence.A team at a Turkish hospital analysed data from 295 patients to show obese women were both less likely to respond to treatment and more likely to see their cancer return.There was a complete response in 31% of normal or underweight patients compared with just 17% in the obese group.And the disease returned after an average of 76 months in
Belgium 3, Norway 2.Denmark 3, Belgium 2.Belgium 1-2 Norway: Eden Hazard scores the winner in stoppage time to give Belgium a 2-1 win over Norway. Eden Hazard celebrates after scoring his side's second goal of the game with a header from the centre of the box.Belgian goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois tries a through ball, but Kevin De Bruyne is caught offside.Mousa Dembélé is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Marius Henriksen (Norway) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul
Alberto Contador (Spain/Tinkoff) wins the time trial ascent of Mont Chery in the French Alps in 11 minutes, 36 seconds, ahead of Chris Froome (GB/Team Sky) and Richie Porte (Aus/BMC Racing). Contador, a two-time Tour winner (2007 and 2009), is yet to win the eight-stage, week-long Dauphine, but has twice finished second - in 2010 and 2014.
Italy 2-0 Belgium: Roberto Pelle scores in injury time to seal Group E win for Italy. Gianluigi Buffon saves from Romelu Lukaku and Divock Origi as Italy beat Belgium to advance to the quarter-finals of the World Cup.Roberto Pelle slotted home in the first half after collecting Leonardo Bonucci's superb long pass to give Italy a 1-0 win over Belgium in the Group E opener of the tournament at the Stade de France in Saint-Etienne.Italy coach Antonio Conte: "What we demonstrated tonight is that there were two teams who played
The US Navy has banned alcohol on US military bases in Japan after an American sailor was involved in a drink-driving accident on the island of Okinawa, police said on Sunday.The US military said the "liberty curtailment" would remain in place until all personnel had gone through extra training, while alcohol was banned outright until officials "are comfortable that all personnel understand the impact of responsible behavior".
Firefighters were called at about 21:45 BST on Sunday.
Ali Ali was the most eloquent man in the history of sport, but even when Parkinson's robbed him of his full voice he still moved people with the simplest gestures.Ali became world champion in 1964 when shaking up the world in victory over Sonny Liston. He defended his title against Liston in 1965, the same year he came to Scotland to fight exhibition bouts at the Paisley Ice Rink.Even by then he was in the grip of the Nation of Islam, a frightening mob made up, in part, of ex-cons who preached a doctrine of separation of black and white. The integration of the races was a
Anti-fascist march in Brighton was held on the same day that a Great Skinhead Reunion also took place on the seafront.
Brian Farrell admitted conspiring to distribute heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine, in March this year.
Aiden Webb, 22, from Norwich, was climbing Fansipan mountain alone on Friday when he fell down a ravine and lost his way, his girlfriend Bluebell Baughan said.
Gloucestershire v Glamorgan: One-Day Cup: Glamours bowled out in the final over. Glamour are still looking for their first win of the season after losing to Gloucesterhire in their opening game of the one-day Cup.Glamorgan are still searching for a first win in the One Day Cup this season after being dismissed for 237 in the last over of their opening match of the tournament against Gloucester.Glamour captain Jacques Rudolph told BBC Wales Sport:"We were quite clinical in the way we went about our business. William Bragg batted outstandingly
Inverness judo athlete Inglis opened her eye in shock at hearing her father, Robert, singing by her bedside. The 27-year-old was placed in an induced coma after suffering head injuries in the motorbike taxi accident.
Robert Fidler built the house in Salfords, in the Surrey greenbelt, in 2000 and hid it behind hay balesHe told Mr Justice Dove at London's High Court that his "beautiful home" had now been "carefully dismantled". "Hopefully, it will be rebuilt on another site with full planning permission," he said.
The pound fell against the US dollar on the day of the EU referendum in June, falling to a record low of $1.4. Sterling did subsequently recover some of the losses.But there is certainly a view that the currency would decline if Britain were to decide to leave.Some analysts expect the fall in the value of sterling in the event of a Brexit vote would be very sharp.The concern reflects the view held by many - though by no means all - economists that leaving the EU would undermine the UK's economic performance.There would be a period of uncertainty about access to the EU market for British exporters while
The fee is a record for a player under Mick McCarthy
The first minister is one of six UK representatives in Forbes magazine's annual list of the world's most powerful and influential women.
Phil Smith, chief executive of IT company Cisco, likened the situation to not having access to water or a road and said businesses would not be able to survive without it.
The Scottish government wants to set the price of a unit of alcohol at 50p - meaning the cost of the strongest ciders would more than double in off-licences, while a four-pack of 4% lager would cost at least £4.
A bill to change the lyrics to the country's national anthem has passed two readings in the House of Commons. It would change the words to "Our home, our native land, True patriot love thou dost in us command" to "in all of us command".
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says it has detected activity at a North Korean nuclear power plant.The Yongbyon site processes spent fuel from power stations and has been the source of plutonium for North Korea's nuclear weapons programme.
A Japanese boy who was left by his parents as a punishment for throwing stones at people and cars has been found alive and well after six days in a hut on a military drill field.The boy was found on Friday morning at a military base in Hokkaido, some 5.5km (3.4 miles) from where he was left as punishment.The case sparked a debate in Japan about parenting.
A bus has overturned on the Edinburgh bypass between Baberton and Dreghorn.
Kathleen and Jimmy Cuddihy, who were in their 70s, were found dead just outside Carndonagh on 22 October 2014.
Four buzzard nests and one goshawk nest were found abandoned in Moy Forest
I am a collector of Indian matchbox labels and I have been collecting them for more than 30 years now. My collection of matchboxes has grown to over 25,000. This label promoted the Swadeshi (self-reliance) movement during the partition of India's Bengal region in 1905.It's believed that this matchbox was commissioned by the royal family of Bhavnagar in western Gujarat state for their personal use during British rule.This label was commissioned to promote the independence struggle during the independence movement in India in 1947. It is believed that it was the first Wimco label to use Indian languages.
Mark Fitzpatrick's store was destroyed after explosives lit up the sky at neighbouring Southern Firework Factory in Southampton on 13 May.Hampshire Fire said plastic-wrapped cardboard boxes ignited after they were stacked close to a 300 watt lightbulb.
A petition has been set up to oppose the introduction of pay and display meters for Addington Road, Erleigh Road and other roads around the hospital in Reading.The petition, set up by hospital staff, describes the scheme as "problematic".
A-levels in schools in Knowsley could fall to zero as the last school is closing its sixth form, according to a new analysis by the New Schools Network. A new analysis shows the wide differences in the numbers of young people taking A-level courses in state schools and colleges in their council areas and getting qualifications that would help them apply for university places. In Doncaster, for example, fewer than a quarter of pupils in this age group are studying for A-Levels in the borough, and it's 71% in Darlington.In a further seven authorities there are less than 20% of students taking
Cas Cas loanee Paddy Flynn scores a hat-trick to help Widnes to a 38-12 victory.
RIT Capital says it will not make a formal bid for Alliance Trust. It will continue to face a fundamental review of what it does during this summer.
The government has been urged to restrict the use of fireworks in back gardens.But business minister Jo Johnson dismissed a ban and insisted current laws work well.
There may be clashes, but a series of deals between Labour and the government have defused most of the big problems in advance.I've lost count of the number of times Labour's point person, Keir Starmer uttered the words: "I am grateful for that indication," as the Security Minister John Hayes.
Dortmund sign Bayern Munich midfielder Sebastian Rode, 25.
Dawn Clements urged people to get vaccinated after the death of England and Birmingham City footballer Jeff Hall from the disease in 1959.
Welsh landscape painter Gwilym Prichard Williams is due to go on show at the Martin Tinney Gallery in Cardiff.
A team from Glasgow University found there was a sharp fall in accidents from 5,901 in 1997 to 2,914 in 2014.
Antonio Conte: Gian Piero Ventura to take over as Italy coach. Italy coach Gianluigi Ventura has been appointed as the new manager of Chelsea, replacing Antonio Conio Conte, who will step down at the end of this summer's World Cup.
Villarreal defender Eric Bailly is expected to join Manchester United this summer, according to reports.Bailly is due to have a medical this week and terms are thought to have been agreed with the 22-year-old.
Criterium du Dauphine stage two: Alberto Contador six seconds ahead of Richie Porte. Contador leads the overall leader after Sunday's time trial at Chalmazel-Jeansagniere. Spain's Contador is the overall lead after Sunday’s time trial.
George Allen, 37, and his five-year-old son, Geordie, are critically ill in hospital after the incident.
Chadwick Boseman - who is currently on the big screen playing Black Panther in Captain America: Civil War.The film will see Jordan reunite with his Creed director Ryan Coogler.
Today at Wimbledon: BBC to revert to original format. The BBC has said it will revert to its original format for today's coverage of the Wimbledon tennis tournament.
Nevis Range, Lecht, CairnGorm Mountain, Glencoe Mountain and Glenshee opened for snowsports before Christmas.
Celtic defender Mohamed Feruz arrested in Tanzania. Celtic defender Mohammed Feruz has been arrested on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice and driving without insurance.
David Cameron has said it would be "literally decades" before Turkey was ready to join the EU.And he has said the UK has a veto over it happening, saying the agreement of every other EU member - as well as 28 national Parliaments - was necessary before a new country could join.But Mr Gove said it was "official British government policy" for Turkey to become a member of the bloc and "not to have a referendum on new countries joining".The EU referendum on 23 June was the "only chance" for the UK to have its say on free movement from Turkey, he added.The issue of Turkey
The Queensferry Crossing was scheduled to be completed by December this year but that deadline will not be met.Keith Brown, the cabinet secretary for the economy, said the delay had been caused by "adverse weather conditions".
Dr Who props are expected to attract interest from people around the world
Neil Lennon has been appointed as the new manager of Hibs, replacing Alan Stubbs.Neil Lennon is a proven manager, at least in terms of building a first-team and motivating them to success.He is a regular goalscorer, though, and Stubbs had to sign Anthony Stokes on loan last January to provide some support up front.The 21-year-old midfielder provides the kind of industry and spirit that a team can be built around.McGinn, one of the most reliably effective players in the Championship last season, has already insisted that he remains committed to Hibs despite the failure to achieve promotion
Chris Froome trails Alberto Contador and Richie Porte in Criterium du Dauphine. Tour de France warm-up race winner Fabio Aru wins stage three of the Critérium du dauphiné.
Marcus Rashford's rise has been meteoric after he scored twice on his United debut in the Europa League against Midtjylland.
Pele World Cup: Three-time World Cup winner is selling all three of his medals at auction. Pele is the only player to have won the World Cup three times and is regarded as one of the greatest in history.
England have never won a series in Australia, but are determined to overturn the 33-13 "hiding" they were given by the Wallabies at the 2015 World Cup.
Yellowstone tourist dies after falling into hot spring. A tourist has died after he and his sister fell into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park.
Mark Durrant will not return for the start of pre-season training at Rangers.
The FTSE 100 closed down 69.63 points at 6231.89. Taylor Wimpey ended flat and Berkeley Group ended less than 1% down.
Inflation is among the highest in the world, there are long queues for basic goods and the atmosphere on the streets is becoming increasingly agitated.Meanwhile politicians on both sides are so hostile to each other, a political solution remains remote.For years, the opposition in Venezuela has claimed the country was "becoming another Cuba" but such claims were rarely given much credence, or dismissed as hyperbole.But the BBC's Will Grant, who has lived in both countries, says there are growing parallels to a specific point in Cuba's past.Etched into Cuba's collective memory is its infamous Special Period.A reference
Gabriella Ratcliffe's second birthday will be celebrated near the Iranian embassy in London's Hyde Park.The Free Nazanin Campaign event will be the culmination of its birthday card campaign, which has seen thousands of people sending cards for her via Iranian embassies around the world
A row has broken out after Nathan Gill attacked Neil Hamilton for offering support on the £1.1bn M4 relief road.Mr Gill denies it was the group's view, but Mr Hamilton said his colleague was late for the meeting where it was agreed.The AM for Mid and West Wales added: "Nathan Gill is a part-time AM at the moment because he has not resigned from his job as an MEP in Brussels and Strasbourg."He arrived late at our group meeting yesterday, when it was nearly over, so he missed our discussion about the M4."He has at no time expressed any misgiv
I am not expecting a great game on Saturday, if I am honest, but I would expect us to dominate the ball and have a good go at themRussia will be dangerous too, of course. Artem Dzyuba is a powerful centre-forward and there are plenty of players with good technical ability in their side, even without injured playmaker Alan Dzagoev.But the fact we are not perfect defensively does not worry me too much because we have the firepower to cause opposition teams a lot of problems.Their defensive record in qualifying once Leonid Slutsky took over was pretty impressive, conceding only one
A 17-year-old female passenger is in a critical but stable condition in Ninewells Hospital following the crash on Camperdown Park's, Main Drive.
BT has said it has invested heavily in providing services in areas where it was not commercially viable to do so.It has also pointed out that there are a wide range of factors at play in determining the speeds received.The BBC Scotland news website asked for your experiences of the service in the Borders and Dumfries and Galloway. I live in the village of Ednam. Broadband speed in our village is 0.9Mb and sometimes even lower.We get 0.7 Mbps if we are lucky and sometimes it drops out altogether. Then we have to see signs up telling us that towns only a very short
We Were There was written by Leicester singer Bob Wragg for the 1982 World Cup finals in Spain.
Kayleigh Haywood, from Measham in Leicestershire, was found dead last November.Her body was then discovered in thick undergrowth near a stream.An inquest heard she died from head and facial injuries.A passerby found Kayleigh's smashed phone on the ground in Ibstock. The last number she had dialled was the number of the friend she said she was staying with.Police from across the East Midlands helped with the hunt for the teenager after she went missing on 13 November.Following examinations of Harlow's phone, police discovered he had sought to groom other girls.His intention was to kidnap them
Amelia Welch, 20, from Axminster in Devon, was partying with friends in Plymouth on Friday when she lost her hand, which cost about Â£3,000.
Jack Letts, 20, from Oxford, who has been dubbed "Jihadi Jack" by some newspapers, is said to have left for Iraq aged 18
Angelo Fusco, 81, has been a keen observer of Italy's games against the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland for decades, and can boast connections linking all three.He was brought up in Belfast, educated in Dublin, and his father had strong links with the Comino Valley."I always supported Italy in football and Ireland in rugby as I went to school in Dublin at Blackrock," he said."Italy comes just a wee bit above the Irish, my mother was Irish and my dad was Italian."My brother, Carlo, supported Inter Milan and the other three brothers, myself included, supported AC Milan."I remember in
Wales v New Zealand: Sam Warburton returns to Eden Park for first time since 2011 World Cup semi-final. Sam Warburyton says returning to the Eden Park where he was sent off for a tip-tackle against France will not affect his psyche. Sam warburton says he will not be thinking about his controversial red card against France in 2011 when Wales play the All Blacks at Eden Park on Saturday.
British Athletics has set 4.50m as the qualification standard for Rio with Peake setting a personal best.
The Phab2Pro is the first device to use Google's Tango technology.The search firm has developed a system that adds depth-sensing and motion-tracking cameras to the normal front and rear photo lenses.The Moto Z uses magnets to add optional hardware modules to the phone's rear including a speaker and a projector.They mark a break with a trend that has seen phone manufacturers integrate components as closely together as possible to maximise battery life and computing power.Analysts said the innovations might prove a tough sell.That would complicate Lenovo's efforts to turn around sales of its own phones and those of the Motorola
Laura Muir breaks the Scottish 1500m record in the 1500m at the IAAF World Championships. Great Britain 1500m world record holder Laura Moir celebrates after breaking the Scottish record at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.Muir finished second behind Kenyan Faith Kipyegon in four minutes, 19.12 seconds.That erased Yvonne Murray's 1994 effort of.
Labour's leadership is campaigning to stay in the EU and says Labour votes will be crucial in the referendum.Senior party figures including Ed Miliband, Tom Watson and Yvette Cooper are attempting to mobilise Labour voters to back the Remain campaign later, with warnings of the potential economic impact of a vote to leave.
Judge Aaron Persky has been heavily criticised for giving student Brock Turner six months for assaulting an unconscious woman last year.Two other petitions have reached 115,000 and 175,000 signatures each.
Line is the most popular messaging service in Japan, Thailand and Taiwan.It is famous for selling animated stickers and stamps that people can share while chatting. Line also provides free voice calls and services such as music streaming.
US carrier United Airlines to end daily flights between Houston, Texas and Lagos on 30 June.
We Were There was written in 1982 by Leicester singer Bob Wragg
Spain's left-wing Podemos party is expected to win the 26 June parliamentary election, according to the latest opinion polls.The conservative Popular Party (PP) is favourite to win, but only narrowly.In December the PSOE was runner-up to the PP.The PP, however, points to Spain's improved economic performance as proof that its policies worked.Judging by the current polls, Spain's result could mirror what happened in Greece, where the new right-wing Syriza party wooed voters away from the traditional Pasok socialists.Ciudadanos hopes to occupy "a centre space in Spanish politics
Former Southend, Birmingham and Peterborough defender Edwards joined Orient in 2009
West Yorkshire Police said the arrests were made between 30 May and 8 June.
Hearts transfer news: Sammon, Rherras, Augustyn, Pallardo and Augustyn leave Tynecastle.
Donegal's win sets up a provincial semi-final against holders Monaghan on 25 June
Gordie Howe died just before 08:00 on Friday at his son's home in Ohio, according to Sportsnet and CBS News.CNN reported his son Marty as confirming the news.Gordie Howe had suffered a stroke in 2014.He made his debut in 1946, played 26 NHL and six World Hockey Association seasons and held many of the scoring records until the rise of fellow Canadian-born legend Wayne Gretzky.
Scottish tennis star Andy Murray has been awarded a knighthood and a damehood in the Queen's Birthday Honours List. Scottish tennis player Andy Murray, who won the men's doubles at the Australian Open, is made a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire.
Iran's football goalkeeper has been banned for six months for wearing a pair of "SpongeBob SquarePants" trousers on the sidelines of a match.According to a committee in charge of policing the morality of Iran s football federation, Sosha Makani's outfit was deemed inappropriate and against.
Activists want to stop the consumption of dog meat at the festival in the southern city of Yulin.
Former doctor Michelle Mellotte, 61, took the money from Michael McGrory in February 2010, saying it would be repaid that summer.But, it was only returned following the start of a police investigation.In April, Ms Mellotte admitted fraud by abuse of her role and was given a suspended prison sentence and was suspended from the medical register.She will no longer be able to practice as a doctor in the UK.
GM will invest $1.5 billion ($1.6 billion) in Ontario to develop an urban mobility campus to test driverless cars in city driving conditions. The investment will be in GM's Kapuskasing plant, which focuses on cold weather technology.
The UN committee on the rights of the child said all children should receive a "truly inclusive education".
Champions Trophy 2014: GB 2-2 Australia. Hosts GB are aiming to win the Champions Trophy for the first time and were indebted to goalkeeper George Pinner.
"It's been my childhood dream to be the best in the world."
US Women's Open: Lydia Ko one shot behind joint leaders Brooke Henderson and Lee Mi-rim. Lydia Ko is one shot back at the halfway stage of the second women's major of the year at the ANA Inspiration.
ACT test cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong after cheating scandal. The ACT test has been cancelled in the US and South Korea because some of the questions were leaked.
Liam McGerrigan, 27, from Birmingham, was pronounced dead at the scene after officers were called to Holyhead Road at about 22:10 BST.
A 38-year-old man suffered serious, but non-life threatening facial injuries and was taken to hospital for treatment. Police believe the attack may have been targeted.
Michael O'Neill and Robbie Keane agree new deals with the Republic of Ireland. Keane and manager Michael O’Neill have agreed new contracts with the Football Association of Ireland, although contracts have yet to be signed. Martin O Neill and Martin Keane have agreed to stay on as Ireland's assistant manager and manager, respectively, for the next two years.
England fans, rival supporters and police for the last three days in the port city.There were also clashes in the stadium following England's 1-1 Euro 2016 draw with Russia, after Russia fans appeared to rush at England supporters.French police said one Briton had been seriously hurt in the earlier clashes.Witnesses said trouble began in Marseille after flares were let off by Russian fans near the end of the game. Some fans then climbed across barriers designed to keep rival fans apart.Russia's Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said on Sunday: "We will have a fine from Uefa, so I understand.
Investigations using ground-penetrating radar equipment have begun on land around St James Church next to the remaining ruins of Reading Abbey.The Hidden Abbey Project hopes to uncover the high altar where the king and Queen Adeliza are buried.
The Coniston workings are sited in the south west of the Lake District National Park.
The Queen's official 90th birthday street party was a street party held in London, England, on Saturday, 20 May 1990.
Tour de France: Chris Froome wins final stage from Le-Pont-de-Claix to Superdevoluy. British rider Christopher Froome holds on to win the final stage of the Dauphine after opening up a 21-second lead heading into stage seven. British cyclist Chris Froome wins the final Stage 7 of the Tour de Suisse after holding out to win by 12 seconds from Romain Bardet in the final climb of the stage. British cycling's Tour de la Suisse stage seven is over. British riders Stephen Cummings (GB/Dimension Data) wins stage seven of the final
Gareth Bale said the Welsh had more passion and pride than England England manager Roy Hodgson has said Gareth Bale is the biggest threat for Wales.
Northern Ireland manager Neil Lennon: We should have kept possession far better in open play. Northern Ireland boss Neil Lennon says his side should have done better with the ball at certain times in their 1-0 defeat by Poland.
England boss Roy Hodgson makes six changes, including Wayne Rooney, but Slovakia 1-0 England. England manager Hodgson made six changes to his starting line-up against Slovakia and it was a disappointing night for the Three Lions as they were held to a 0-0 draw by Slovakia at Wembley.
The pound fell against the dollar and euro on Monday after polls showed the chances of a UK vote to leave the European Union have fallen. The pound was down 0.2% against the US dollar and the euro as markets were spooked by a series of polls showing a close vote in the EU referendum. Sterling has shed more than 2% in two sessions to retrace its April lows. The pound has fallen more than 1% in the past two sessions as markets are on full Brexit alert. The currency initially slipped against the euro, only to start recovering in mid-afternoon trading before falling again.
The Conjuring 2, starring Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson, opened nearly on par with its 2013 original.
Rafa Benitez: Steve McClaren confident Newcastle have learnt from his experience. Newcastle boss Steven McClaren says he conceded too much in his time in charge of the club and hopes new boss RafaBenitez will have greater control as he bids to return the club to the Premier League.
Barra Airport is an airport on the island of Barra in Scotland.It is one of Highlands and Islands Airports Ltd's busiest sites and regularly features on lists of the world's most scenic airports.
The disorder at HMP Erlestoke began on Saturday when two inmates escaped their cells and threatened staff
Forest Green sign former Bristol Rovers trainee Josh Davies. Forest Green signs former Bristol City trainee Joshua Davies on a one-year contract.
Prof Giovanni Mastrobuoni said education tended to have a protective effect against getting involved with crime
The Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said "devolution has moved forward" since the election.Significant powers had been handed to Scotland and councils, he added.Earlier another Conservative, Brecon and Radnorshire MP Chris Davies, had told BBC Wales he could "see my first rebellion against the government.
The crossing in Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was concreted over in 1904 when the tram network expanded.
Xia passes fit and proper person test. Chinese businessman Xia Xia will become chairman of Aston Villa after passing the Premier League and Football League's owners' and directors' tests.
Victoria Gayle, 31, was charged with preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body after police discovered the remains of a baby at her home last month
Andy Murray: I've only ever had one or two hugs from Ivan Lendl. Andy Murray was talking to BBC Sport's Piers Newbery about his relationship with his coach Ivan Lenderl. I've never had a lot of hugs from my coach since I lost my first Wimbledon final against Roger Federer, so it was with a straight handshake that we greeted each other at Queen's Club on Tuesday morning - the first time we'd seen each other since the US Open last September.
Barcelona had been accused of tax fraud over the signing, which it denied.Neymar, whose full name is Neymar da Silva Santos Junior, joined Barcelona in June 2013 after a successful career with the Brazilian club, Santos.Barcelona said it paid €57m (£43m) for the forward, with the player's parents receiving €40m and Santos €17m.But investigators said the fee was closer to €83m and that Barcelona had concealed part of the deal.Earlier this month, Spanish prosecutors called for Neymar to be tried for fraud.They allege that the player and his father hid the true value of
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull called on independent country politician Bob Katter to withdraw the ads, saying they were "in the worst of taste" and "abhorrent". Australian Independent Country Party (ACP) leader Bob Kitter has released a video of himself blowing on a puff of smoke from a toy gun with the bodies of two "faceless men" from the major parties lying dead in the dirt.
Dund Dundee United have signed former Falkirk midfielder Ryan Murdoch on an initial one-year deal.
Health Minister Michelle O'Neill said her department needed "significant additional funding" to meet growing demand.When asked on Tuesday if any of the money would be allocated to waiting lists, she said she "would make her decisions on the allocations of the additional resources as soon as possible within the next few days".
Angela Merkel's recent intervention in the referendum debate is a beseeching entreaty in red, white and blue.The German chancellor has made clear that she does not want Britain to leave the European Union, but she has not ruled out the possibility that Britain could vote to remain in the bloc.The Chancellor's intervention comes just over a week before Britain's referendum on whether to stay in the EU or to vote to leave.The chancellor's intervention is a sign that she is keenly aware that British voters and commentators could (and some did) interpret any public comment as interference.She and her advisors have been wary
St Winefride's Well is the oldest continually venerated shrine of any British saint. A group of walkers are re-enacting a 600-year-old pilgrimage from Shrewsbury Abbey to Holywell in Wales to commemorate the 600th anniversary of the arrival of King Henry V in 1416.The walk is part of a week of events to mark the historic royal visit and which, it is hoped, will boost the profile of the town.
Pepper can recognise the human voice in 20 languages and can detect whether it is talking to a man, woman or child.
A man has been jailed for six months after being convicted of being concerned in the supply of herbal cannabis.Dornan, 22, was arrested after officers from the UK Border Force intercepted a parcel sent from Belgium.The parcel was opened at a Royal Mail depot in Coventry.
Davies wins second gold in Italy with F42 discus world record. David Davies wins his second gold at the European Championships with a world record in the discus after his shot success on Sunday.
Kashmir riots: Man accused of throwing stones at temple arrested. A man accused of desecrating a Hindu temple in Kashmir has been arrested.
Chris May murder: Braintree man and Kelvedon man released pending further inquiries. Chris May, 28, was last seen by family at his home on 25 May 2015.
The Welsh Labour In campaign is looking to take advantage of the split loyalties many feel because of their previous support for remain-supporting Labour.Lord Hain believes in some areas it is developing into a head versus heart debate.He says people have begun approaching them saying their heart wants them to leave but their head is telling them to stay.And it is this remark which they are latching onto, as the leave side try to generate a sense of momentum in the final stage of the campaign.Senior Vote Leave figures admit some of their data is too narrow but they believe they are ahead in most parts of Wales
David Craig Ellis, 41, has admitted killing Alec Warburton, 59, at a house in Sketty, Swansea, but denies murder.
Weymouth and Bridport First Dorset drivers to strike. More than 110 members of the Unite union are set to walk out from Monday until Saturday.
Irina Bokova, the current head of Unesco, is widely rumoured to be on the brink of announcing her candidacy.
Nyal Bell is a young, athletic striker who is prepared to work hard
A US Navy Helium diving helmet took top price for a single item at £8,000, followed by an Italian helmet which took £7,200Auctioneer Brian Goodison-Blanks said: "When you start looking back and start thinking, 'well how did these guys actually go down with these diving helmets on', it looks incredible".
Syd Syd Shelton has created a photographic exhibition of the Rock Against Racism (RAR) movement.Shelton, who studied Fine Art in Leeds and Wakefield, said he became involved with the movement after returning to the UK from America in 1976.He said: "I was appalled at the state of race relations in Britain, in particular things like the Black and White Minstrel Show and the signs I saw in some windows saying 'No Blacks, No Dogs, No Irish'."It was a pretty serious situation and I always loved music and very quickly hooked up with the people that had set up RAR."We were
Fleetwood Town sign Blackburn loanee Ryan Tisdale. Fleetwood City sign Blackburn striker Ryan Tydeman on a three-year deal after being released by Blackburn
"If they are held to be excluded, that's a message. If they are allowed to come back in, there is going to be another message.
The possibility of Brexit was one of the factors that led the US Federal Reserve to keep interest rates on hold, Chair Janet Yellen said.
Haiti has been mired in political crisis since the disputed first round on 25 OctoberRepresentatives of Haiti's main donors, which include the UN and the Organisation of American States (OAS) have called for fresh elections without delay"This... marks the end of the 120-day mandate of the republic's provisional president," read a statement from the Senate deputy president and the president of the Chamber of DeputiesThe statement urged people to "remain calm until the National Assembly meets to take the necessary measures".Last month, a special commission recommended throwing out the disputed results of last year's first-round presidential election
Great Britain rower Emily Taylor accuses Paul Thompson of bullying. Former Great Britain women's rower, Emily Taylor, has accused Australian Paul Thompson, chief coach of the GB women's team, of bullying her.
Venezuelaia has one of the world's highest inflation rates at 180% and people can queue for hours for subsidised foodOpposition politicians blame government mismanagement for the shortagesBut the government says the shortages are part of an economic war being waged to drive President Nicolas Maduro from officeMost of the shops were looted for food according to opposition congresswoman Milagros PazShe is quoted in Venezuelan newspaper El Universal as saying that the authorities "have not admitted the food distribution emergency".But according to the socialist governor of Sucre state, Luis Acuna, it was off licenses, opticians and clothes shops that were targeted in the looting,
England cricket Hampshire all-rounder Jake Dawson has been included in England's T20 squad to face Sri Lanka on 5 July at the Ageas Bowl.
Lorna Waddell, 41, of Kelso, previously admitted obtaining nearly Â£4,000 by fraud while working for Provident Financial Management.
UK state-school students to visit US universities. A group of 66 British state school students will receive scholarships worth $17m (Â£12m) from US universities as part of a special educational relationship between the US and the UK. The Sutton Trust, which runs the US-UK Fulbright programme, has announced that 66 state school pupils from the UK and the US will visit each other this autumn. The UK and US have a special relationship that allows students to see each other in three dimensions, not in caricature form.
Jamie Spendiff's attack on Craig Logie, who was out with friends on a stag night, was captured on CCTV.
Big Ben's first day in operation was 31 May 1859.
Lancashire lose last nine wickets for 31 runs in List A thrashing by Essex. Chasing a revised 327 from 47 overs in the one-day game, the Red Rose lost their last nine for 31.
Nico Rosberg says parts of the track in Azerbaijan are'really not looking good'. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton and Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel are among the drivers who have expressed concerns about the safety of the new Azerbaijan Grand Prix track. Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton has expressed concerns over the safety on the new track in the Azerbaijani capital. Mercedes's Lewis Hamilton is among the driver who have voiced concerns about safety on a new track that will be the fastest street circuit in F1 history.The main areas of concern are turns three, seven and 15.
Marianne Vos (Ned/Raboliv) same time1. Anna van der Breggen (Lux/Boel-Dolmans) +3secs2. Marianne Van Vos, who won the opening leg of the five-stage race on Wednesday, took the Best British Rider jersey as she continues her preparations for the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro in August. Amy Pieters (Aus/Orica-AIS) +7secs4. Lisa Brennauer (Ger/Canyon-SRAM) +11secs5. Giorgia Bronzini
Jo Cox was shot and stabbed after holding an advice session for her constituents in West Yorkshire. Jo Cox, a Labour MP, has been killed in an attack in which she was shot in the head and stabbed in the neck.
Robert Rainey's family said he died "doing what he loved best".
Northern Ireland 2-0 Poland. Niall McGinn scores twice as Northern Ireland beat Poland to remain in contention for a place in the last 16 of the European Championship.
The move is part of an acrimonious battle for control of the media empire that includes Paramount and MTV
No-one was in the vehicle when it careered rear-end first into the side of the building
Flight MS804: Data recorder recovered in Egypt. The data recorder has been recovered from the wreckage of the Airbus A320 that crashed in Egypt on 19 May, killing 66 people.
Food hygiene offences: Severnside Provisions directors Anthony O'Sullivan, 47, and Martin Lincoln, 46, given 24-week terms. A company that sold large quantities of turkey defrosting outside in dirty water and being processed in a garage in "unhygienic conditions" has been jailed.
A 58-year-old male passenger in the Peugeot is in a serious but stable condition in hospital.
Body found in woods near Kilbrennan Drive, Motherwell
Peter Corrigan, former Sun and Daily Mail writer and sports editor for the Observer, has died at the age of 69. He was also president of Glamorganshire Golf Club and was teaching his grandson how to play the sport he loved.
Arctic sea-ice extent for the end of this coming summer will be 4.5 (+/- 0.5) million square km. This number is for an average across the entire month of September - traditionally the period of minimum coverage.It is slightly lower than last year (4.6 million sq km), but larger than the extraordinary September of 2012 when the floes retreated to just 3.6million sq km.But the Reading team says current ice extent is actually a poor guide to the scale of the eventual September low point.A better correlation is with the fraction of floes in May topped with melt ponds -
The Thomson Airways Boeing 737-800 took off at 18:42 BST before being struck.A spokeswoman for the airline said it was an "extremely rare" event and the diversion was "precautionary".
The German shepherd, which belonged to Cleveland Police, was being exercised near to Ormseby Stables in Eston when it bit a 28-year-old man
Essex v Lancashire: Second Test. Second Test: Tom Westley (57) and Ravi Bopara (61) make half-centuries for Essex.
Glamorgan won the toss and elected to bat first.Matt Coles and Darren Stevens removed Mark Wallace and Jacques Rudolph in the first two overs.But Will Bragg (33 no) and Chris Cooke (42 no) played positively in response, although Cooke was dropped on 23.
There are too many problems in the police.
A serving police officer who made contact with a 15-year-old girl over the internet has been jailed for 10 years. Kenneth Dymond, 37, of Ludford, Lincolnshire, was serving as an detective constable in the Met's Specialist Crime and Operations Command at the time of the offences.
"This was public money intended for good causes which never reached them.
Commonwealth Games silver medallist Stephanie McLean is in hospital in Edinburgh after being badly injured in a motorbike taxi accident in Vietnam.
Ruben Aguirre was a Spanish actor.He was best known for his role as Professor Jirafales in the long-running children's TV series El Chavo del Ocho.
Red Barns has huge significance to the local area and it is tragic that such a beautiful building with so much history has deteriorated into such a poor state.
Nicola Sturgeon will confirm the plans when she addresses the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) congress in Glasgow on Monday.She is expected to say: "Since this government came to power in 2007 there are more than 2,300 extra qualified nurses and midwives working in our NHS."In addition to having record staffing levels, Scotland has led the UK in the development of mandatory nursing and midwifery workload and workforce planning tools that help health boards to plan for the number of staff they require.The RCN welcomed the promise but said it would only work if backed up with funding for extra staff.
Torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock in the Victoria Centre store at about 22:40 BST on TuesdayStaff had hoped for a weekend reopening but it is now closed "until further notice".Water poured through from a rooftop room, leaving the top floor under three inches of water and stock "significantly" damaged.A spokeswoman said: "Our teams are working around the clock to get the shop open as quickly as possible and we're sorry for the inconvenience this has caused to our customers."
World road champion Lizzie Armitstead extends overall lead over South Africa's Ashleigh Moolman-Pasio to eight seconds after stage four of the Women's Tour 2016. World Road Champion Lizzy Armitsted extends her overall lead with a sprint finish on Sunday's final stage of the Tour of Britain. World road and mountain bike champion Lizzy Armitstead finishes in the peloton to extend her lead over Marianne Vos in the women's Tour de France.
West Midlands Police said they will put in place extra measures to help businesses.It is believed the same group of criminals are targeting Lye Valley Industrial Estate several times a week.
PGA Championship: Shane Lowry five under par but still has four holes to play on Sunday. Shane Lowry shoots a four-under-par 66 to take a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the third round of the US Open at Oakmont Golf Club in Oakmont, Pennsylvania.American Andrew Landry is two shots behind with players catching up after storms affected the first day.England's Lee Westwood is a shot back on two under, having played 15 holes, along with second-round leader Dustin Johnson and Spain's Sergio Garcia.The leaderboard was constantly changing during an intriguing third round with Johnson,
Euro 2016: Wales boss Chris Coleman welcomes day of destiny. Chris Coleman says Wales are determined to have no regrets over their place in the knockout phase of the Euro 2016 tournament. Wales manager Chris Coleman has welcomed the team's Euro 2016 day of fortune by saying they are determined not to take their foot off the pedal.
Devon and Cornwall Police search for missing woman. A young woman has been reported missing after she was last seen near Blackpool Sands on Dartmoor.
Spain won 22-19 with a try in the last seconds to seal the 12th and final spot for this summer's Rio GamesThey join Fiji, South Africa, Great Britain
David Cameron has conceded that controlling immigration was "very challenging" but he said his EU renegotiation would make a "big difference".He said there was "no silver bullet" and that leaving the EU and the single market was "not the right way to control immigration".The PM also said the government would have to put up taxes or cut spending or risk "going back to square one" if the UK voted to leave.Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Monday, UKIP leader Nigel Farage said he wanted to see UK immigration come down to "post war" levels of between 30,000 and 50,000 people a
Northern Ireland winger Paul McCourt says he was 'nervous' when his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour ahead of the Euro 2016 qualifiers. Northern Ireland midfielder Patrick McCourt has revealed that he was "nervously" worried when he was told his wife had a brain tumor ahead of next month's Euro 2016 qualifying matches.Last month, the 32-year-old left League Two side Luton Town by mutual consent to return home.But the ex-Derry City winger said.
"I'm just overloaded trying to work out the issues and the timing is woeful - the vote comes right after Eurovision, just before the Australian general election - and with all the noise of the US election too."He feels that it's odd to have a postal vote when he has essentially left the UK behind. "I really shouldn't have a vote. I'm an ex-pat who has migrated - almost the opposite as to what the vote is about. It's great for comedy though."Some expats have been incorrectly told they need to pay to return their postal vote, which uses the free International Business
Kim Seung-woo wins the LPGA Tour's Founders Cup tournament in Florida.
Leeds United sign Kalmar striker Andreas Antonsson. Leeds United have signed Kalmar forward Andreas Antonsson from Swedish side Kalmar on a season-long loan deal.
Keshi was appointed head coach of Togo three times between 2004 and 2011.
Virtual Doctors is now supporting 19 rural health centres, which typically deal with problems such as malaria, tuberculosis, HIV/Aids and pregnancy-related conditions.There are also two district hospitals taking part in the project.Mr Jones says that even where there are facilities such as X-ray machines, there can be a shortage of radiologists to look at the evidence.The virtual doctors in the UK have been able to help with chest X-rays of patients in Zambia, he says.These local health centres have catchment areas of tens of thousands of people, and hospitals provide services for hundreds of thousands.So families
The city council says 500 self-service bikes will be located across the city from April 2017.
Newport Rigg joins Newport County on a one-year deal from Yeovil Town
Walmart will give JD.com ownership of Yihaodian's marketplace, including the brand, website and app.
Euro 2016: Leonid Slutsky resigns as Russia coach. CSKA Moscow boss Leonid slutsky has resigned as coach of the Russian national team after finishing bottom of Group B at Euro 2016.
Jo Cox died when she was shot and stabbed in Birstall, West Yorkshire, on Thursday.After her death, her friends set up a fundraising page, with proceeds to be divided between causes she had supported.More than 30,000 people have donated so far.Money raised will support three charities Mr Cox said were close to his wife's heart - the Royal Voluntary Service, Hope not Hate and the White Helmets.Mrs Cox's friend Tim Dixon, one of those who launched the fund, said: "The scale and speed of the public response to this fund has been overwhelming and deeply gratifying to Jo
The former bosses of Tesco, M&S, Sainsbury's and B&Q already warned last month that prices would rise amid a so-called Brexit.
The devices were described as being covered in barnacles.
Northern Ireland manager Martin O'Neill says he had to hitch-hike with some German fans during a scouting trip to Euro 2012. But he doesn't plan on returning any favours this time around.
Huddersfield Giants: Grix; McGillvary, Cudjoe, Wardle, Connor; Brough, Ellis; Crabtree, Hinchcliffe, Rapira, Symonds, Ta'ai.
Queen Elizabeth II at 90: The Queen's first ever tweet. The Queen has celebrated her 90th birthday on 21 April, and a host of events were held over three months.
Chaka Fattah, one of the most senior black lawmakers in Congress, has been found guilty on 23 counts including racketeering, fraud and money laundering. A former US congressman who has represented West Philadelphia in Congress for two decades has been convicted of running a scheme to pay off his son's student debt.
Wales have qualified as Group B winners thanks to their 3-0 win over Russia which is being described as arguably their greatest ever performanceThey will play either Northern Ireland, Turkey or Albania in Paris on SaturdayRamsey's superb display against Russia saw him win the Uefa man of the match award, scoring the first goal before Neil Taylor and Gareth Bale added gloss to a glorious night for Welsh footballWales are playing in a first major tournament for the first time since the 1958 World CupWales captain Ashley Williams agreed with the sentiment."Whoever we get we're not too fussy, you just have to play whoever's put in front
Construction company FP McCann Ltd brought the action after failing to land the deal to design and build the A8 dual carriageway between Belfast and Larne. The Department of Transport has been found to be in breach of a duty to the firm, a High Court judge has ruled.
Emergency work has been undertaken but the cracked bridge between Linton and Collingham remains at risk of collapse, said Leeds City Council.Work, which will cost £4.5m, is to start in July to put in place a river platform to work on the foundationsParts of the bridge dropped about 8in (20cm) after the floodwater undermined its foundationsIt has been shut since 27 December
Falluja: Iraqi forces have cleared only a third of the city, but the rest remains contested, the US military says.
Alvaro Morata: Juventus sign Real Madrid striker for 30m euros. Alvaros Morata has joined Juventus from Real Madrid for a reported £23m, with an option for Real to buy him back, according to reports in Italy.
Surrey v Notts: Notts collapse. Notts lose their final eight wickets in 53 minutes for just 38 runs against Surrey.
I'm not going to let a situation like what happened in my last fight affect my future performances. Chris Eubank Jr says he will not let his father's brain injury affect his future performances as he prepares to defend his British middleweight title against Jamie Doran in London on Saturday.
Dominic Robertson-McCoy has played for the Auckland Blues Development side
Russia fan arrested at Euro 2016 match in Toulouse. A Russian fan has been arrested at the Russia-Wales match at the World Cup in France after being expelled from the country for fan violence.
The First Minister is opening up debate among Assembly Members, early in the life of this Assembly, to consider the most appropriate name.
Margaret Gleeson, 70, died two days after a hernia operation at Wigan's Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in October 2015.
A man has been found guilty of murder in connection with the death of a two-year-old boy who died after he was attacked by his drug dealer partner.Sean Buckley, 28, of Tonypandy, carried out a "deliberate and vicious" attack on Finley Thomas in September 2014, but claimed the boy had fallen down stairs.Finley was taken to University Hospital of Wales but died the next day.Buckley was also convicted of child cruelty, a charge his partner Chloe Thomas, Finley's mother, had already admitted at Cardiff Crown Court.
The medal was found in a farmer's field in Porthcawl by a team of metal detecting enthusiasts.The medal is badly damaged but Pte Boaden's name and regimental number are still visible.But it is still not known how the medal came to end up in the field.
Carlisle United sign Mike Jones from Tranmere, Bury, Sheffield Wednesday and Crawley.
Melissa Reid, 22, from Lenzie, near Glasgow, was arrested with Michaella McCollum, of Co Tyrone, after being caught with 24lb (11kg) of cocaine at Lima airport in 2013.They struck a plea deal for a reduced sentence of six years and eight months.Reid, who was expelled from Peru under an early release scheme, arrived at Glasgow Airport on Wednesday evening.She touched down in Glasgow at 21:44 after travelling from Lima, via Amsterdam, with her father William.She did not appear before waiting media at the international arrivals area, and is thought to have accepted an airside transfer
John Stollery, 58, a social worker from Nottinghamshire, was one of 30 UK holidaymakers killed by a gunman near Sousse last year.He was the most fantastic man I could have met. He made a difference in so many ways to myself, Matthew our son, to the people that he worked with.
Drew Talbot: Portsmouth sign former Sheffield Wednesday and Luton Town defender DrewTalbot started his career at Sheffield WednesdayDrew Talbot joins Portsmouth from Sheffield Wednesday
Kenya is walking dangerously close to the "mass grave" it dug for itself in 2008, following the disputed election of 2007.Nearly nine years later, and with lessons of the 59-day violence seemingly forgotten, Kenyans are once more pinning their country to the ground and holding a can of petrol.
North Korea says it has the "sure capability to attack in an overall and practical way the Americans in the Pacific operation theatre".
Kia is the world's fifth largest automaker by sales.
Tesco has reported a second quarter of positive like-for-like sales growth in the UK, as the supermarket group continues to battle competition from discount supermarkets Aldi and Lidl. Tesco shares have risen after the UK supermarket group reported a rise in quarterly sales for the first time in three years.
HBO has cancelled the second season of its hit series Vinyl, which starred Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese.The US network said it was "not an easy decision" and had.
"We saw what we thought at first was a feeding frenzy, and went down on the rocks to try and get pictures. I thought it was a very large salmon, until I got home and saw it on the computer screen.
Th Thierry Henry, Alan Shearer, Danny Murphy, Mark Lawrenson and Neil Lennon give their verdict on the spectacle so far in France, which teams and players have impressed them, and how things might change in the last 16
The grimsel car took only 1.513 seconds to reach 100kph (62mph) - slashing about a quarter of a second off the previous record time.So far, no petrol-powered production car has managed to hit the same speed in a comparable time.
Thanks for sharing your pictures of #DogsAtPollStationsWelsh Springer Spaniel Dyddgu went with owner Rhiannon Williams to Grangetown Pavillion, a former bowls club, in CardiffMacey the dog lives on a farm in Wincanton in Somerset where a temporary polling station has been sitedDon't worry Brody it happens to us all!Brody the golden retriever caught blinking in Heaton Norris in Stockport, Greater ManchesterWhat do you mean I can't vote?"Orinoco looks happy to be at St Christopher's Church in Hinchley Wood, SurreyAlbus joined owner Tony
A Leave vote was always seen as more likely to generate significant disturbances in the financial world.For that reason it is also the result which was thought more likely. The Bank of England has already been doing this ahead of the referendum, hoping to ensure that there is sufficient liquidity already in place.
Eilish McColgan likens herself to Arnold Schwarzenegger's iconic cyborg creation after acquiring a bit more in the aftermath of a broken ankle in January 2015.
Thunderstorms are short, sharp and shocking - for some literallyIf you can hear the clouds rumbling, chances are the storm is close enough for you to be hit by lightning - it can strike up to 10 miles away from the centre of a stormCount the seconds between seeing lightning and hearing thunder - if it is less than 30 seconds, there is a threatIf thunderstorms are forecast, postpone or cancel outdoor activities - especially golf and rod fishingIf a storm is approaching, take cover inside or in a car with the windows wound up - sheds, isolated trees and convertibles do not afford sufficient protectionBoaters and swimmers should get
Worcestershire sign Kyle Abbott from South Africa for the remainder of the season. Kyle Abbott is expected to make his debut in the T20 Blast on Friday when the North Group quarter-final hopefuls play twice in two days away to Durham, then at home to Derbyshire.Kyle Abbott has been signed by Worcesterhire for the rest of the summer as a replacement for the injured Mitchell Santner, who is out for the season with a finger injury. Worterstershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott to take over as their new bowling coach for the second half of the T
Derry 1-0 Wexford 0-0. Derry's Kevin Boyle struck the only goal in the 18th minute after lobbing over Graham Doyle.
Goldman Sachs will switch to video interviews with first-round undergraduate candidates from next month.
The villagers of Wukan, in the southern province of Guangdong, have been locked in a standoff with the authorities for more than three months.They want compensation for the land they say was stolen from them in the past by corrupt officials.They're hoping that more senior political figures might override the nearby city government and come to their aid.In 2011 that's exactly what happened. After expelling the officials they saw as corrupt, they barricaded the village.The former Guangdongs Party Chief Wang Yang brought an end to the standoff which had lasted months. He gave permission for a directly-elected government and said
The UK has voted to leave the European Union after 43 years of membership.The UK voted by 52% to 48% to vote to quit the EU.The EU has said it will hold a referendum on the UK's membership of the bloc within the next two years. The EU has called a special session for next Tuesday to discuss the UK vote.
Nottinghamshire overwhelmingly voted to leave the European Union.The margin of victory in Bassetlaw, Ashfield and Mansfield was huge, with less than a third of people voting remain.Arguably the biggest surprise came in Nottingham, which narrowly backed Brexit.Overall Nottinghamshire voted 57.9% for Leave and 42.1% for Remain.
The breakdown of voting saw:Live reaction to the EU referendum result from the South WestSee all local results hereFollow the latest news on the BBC's live EU referendum page
European leaders have expressed shock, but most have said the result should not lead to a panic. Here, Europeans who contacted the BBC have been sharing their reaction to the result and their views on the UK's relationship with the EU.
Wimbledon 2014: Andy Murray faces Naomi Broady. Andy Murray has received a wildcard to the 2014 Wimbledon tournament and will face Naomi Brody in his opening match.Andy Murray will face Elina Svitolina in the opening match of the men's singles at Wimbledon.Find out how to get into tennis in our special guide
BBC correspondents from around the UK reflect on how people have been voting and the implications at a local level. The north of England has roared back at London - this result underlines the disconnect between the capital and the outlying parts of England, writes Danny Savage. It showed in the results - London overwhelmingly In, huge parts of the north Out. For many this wasn't just about Europe, it was about a metropolitan elite telling them what to do. And then rebelling against it.
Andy Murray: I'm ready for Wimbledon with Ivan Lendl on my coaching team. Andy Murray, the number two seed at Wimbledon, talks to BBC Sport's Piers Newbery ahead of his opening match against Liam Broady. I'm very excited to be playing my opening match at the Wimbledon on Tuesday, and I'm really looking forward to it. I've been playing a lot of Futures tournaments, below the main tour, when I was 15, 16, 17 years old, and then you come to somewhere like Wimbledon in front of a huge crowd with a great atmosphere, and the
The 22,000-strong African Union force (Amisom) fighting the Islamist militant group al-Shabab is funded by the EU.
It is possible to leave the EU," proclaimed Marine Le Pen of France's National Front (FN), a leading contender in next.
Alviro Petersen and Haseeb Hameed lead Lancs to 298-3 at Lord's. South African Test player Alviro Petersen hits a century as Lancs take a two-wicket lead over Warwickshire in the First Division. South Africa's Alviro Peterson hits his 41st first-class hundred in Lancashire's first innings of the season as they take an early two wickets to lead the first Division.
It is not so much that politics has been turned upside down - but the conventional rules, the expectations - have been scrapped by one decision. The prime minister's judgement, his mistaken analysis of how to win the public over, cost his job.And almost the entire establishment's appeal to the electorate was rejected.Right now, it is not at all inevitable that's a problem the current generation of politicians will ever be able to fix.
Armed Forces Day events in North East Lincolnshire and London. Thousands of people turned out to mark Armed Forces day in the North East of England on Monday.
The annual celebratory march, now in its 43rd year, stopped for a minute to remember the victims shot dead in a gay nightclub in Orlando.The parade got under way in the West End with an increased visible police presence.For the first time, the Red Arrows will fly past the march and a rainbow flag is flying at Parliament.Justine Greening, Secretary of State for International Development, announced she is in a same-sex relationship as the event was in full swing.She tweeted: "Today's a good day to say I'm in a happy same sex relationship, I campaigned for Stronger In but sometimes you
A country's credit rating can affect how much it costs a governments to borrow money on the global markets. In theory, a high credit rating means a lower interest rate (and vice versa).This is because of concerns at the impact that leaving the European Union may have on the UK economy.In the case of Moody's and the UK, the agency currently scores the UK at "Aa1", the second highest rating on its scale, which stands for "high grade".Yet, while Moody's previously saw no change to that Aa1 rating, it has now warned that it may lower it. This is because
European 100m champion Dasaolu holds off Ellington and Ujah. The 2014 European champion holds off the fast-finishing CJ Ujah in a showdown that lived up to expectations.
London's big finance firms could move operations outside the UK if the UK leaves the European Union, according to reports. HSBC could move up to 2,000 jobs from London to Dublin or Frankfurt if the EU leaves the single market, it has been reported. HSBC is one of the UK's biggest financial firms, with more than 11,000 staff in the UK.The bank's chief executive, John Cryan, said he thought London would lose some of its status as a financial hub.He added: "The financial centre won't die, but it will get weaker," he told German business newspaper Handelsblatt.
Northants' seventh draw from their eight Division Two matches leaves them seventh and leave them trailing leaders Essex by 34 points.
New Zealand 46-6 Wales: Warren Gatland says his side will learn from their heavy loss to the All Blacks. New Zealand captain Steve Hansen says Wales should not be judged on their performance in Dunedin, suggesting some Welsh players were already thinking about returning home as their long season came to a close.Warren Gatland's side suffered their heaviest loss for nine years and their 29th in a row against New Zealand.
Redmond, an England Under-21 international, has agreed a five-year contract with the Saints.Norwich, who were relegated from the Premier League in May, signed the 22-year-old from Birmingham City for £3.2m in July 2013.
England captain Dylan Hartley: 'We weren't at our best and we had a number of players sub-par'. "We lost because we made too many little inaccuracies. we lost too many moments in the game and that cut off our flow."
Japan 16-9 Scotland: Vern Cotter happy with 'frustrating' win. Gregor Townsend's Scotland beat Japan to win the Rugby World Cup quarter-final at Twickenham on Saturday, but are disappointed with the way they were allowed to get away with slowing the ball down during a vital period of the second half. GregORLANDO, Japan - Scotland coach Vern Cotte says he is happy with his side's performance against Japan, but is disappointed they did not get the result they deserved.Media playback is not supported on this device Japan coach Mark Hammett says his side were 'disrespected'
Wales voted to leave the European Union in the referendum, the Welsh Government has said.Alun Cairns said it was "strange" that places in the valleys, which benefited from EU aid, registered the strongest Leave vote.
England v Sri Lanka: Liam Plunkett takes 3-46 as Sri Lanka collapse. England's bowlers take control at Bristol with the key wickets of Kusal Perera, Kusal Mendis and Seekkuge Prasanna in the second ODI against Sri Lanka. England bowlers bowl out Sri Lanka for 248 in the first ODI of the series at Bristol. England take control of the five-match ODI series with a three-wicket win over Sri Lanka at Bristol as rain delays the start of the run chase and England's run chase ends in a draw. England bowler Liam Pl
"The EU needs a complete overhaul," says Germany's Sueddeutsche Zeitung. "The remaining union has to learn from the Brexit vote and carry out the most fundamental examination of its policies" since its creation in 1957.
The UK's decision to leave the EU has sent shockwaves across the continent with leaders of Eurosceptic parties in France, the Netherlands and Italy demanding referendums in their own countries.In response, some EU politicians have called for speedy reforms to quell further unrest.French Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron suggested a new mission statement should be drafted and put to a referendum of all EU citizens.
Police have appealed for anyone who saw the car between Stromness and Twatt to come forward.
Team GB beat New Zealand 3-3 in the fifth/sixth place play-off to win the Women's World Cup. Alex Danson scores a match-winning hat-trick, with Lily Owsley and Kate Richardson-Walsh also on target for Team GB.
Real politics will inevitably mean concession and compromise after a campaign in which both sides seemed at times to suggest it was a choice between.
Gibraltar's chief minister says talks are under way with Scotland over its membership of the European Union. The territory overwhelmingly rejected a proposal to share sovereignty with Spain in 2002.
AliceAlice Gross, 14, was found in the River Brent in west London in September 2014Days later the body of Latvian builder Arnis Zalkalns was found nearbyThe inquest into her death will look into whether failures by the government and the police contributed to her death and will examine why Zalk alns was allowed to live unchecked in the UKReading from a prepared statement at the inquest at the Royal Courts of Justice, Alice's mother Rosalind Hodgkiss said the family wanted to "establish whether or not the systems for monitoring foreign offenders and cross-border sharing of information are robust".She added: "We appreciate
Even though the UK as a whole voted to leave the EU, in Scotland most people voted to remain.Now, some people are saying that Scotland should get independence from the rest of the UK, so that it can join the EU again on its own.
Shadow Education Secretary Angela Glass has been appointed shadow education secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
This is not the post Brexit Britain we want to see. Politicians from all sides need to speak out.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is "shocked and deeply concerned" by recent incidents of xenophobic abuse directed against the Polish community and other UK residents of migrant heritage.He said he would be writing to the home secretary to ask what measures were being taken to step up security and policing in areas where such incidences have been reported.Police are probing some incidents.In London, the Metropolitan Police are investigating graffiti at a Polish community building in Hammersmith which they are treating as a hate crime "because of the racially-aggravated nature of the criminal damage".Cambridgeshire Police are also investigating reports
Amy Johnson flew a De Havilland Gipsy Moth airplane from the UK to Australia in 1930 - becoming the first woman to do so.
On 1 July 1916, British soldiers started fighting in the Battle of the Somme.
Scottish MEP Ian Smith has urged the EU to respect the will of Scotland after its electors voted by 62% to 38% to remain in the EU.He said: "I want my country to be internationalist, cooperative, ecological, fair, European."I demand that that status and that esprit European be respected."But colleagues, there are a lot of things to be negotiated. We will need cool heads and warm hearts. But please, remember this: Scotland, did not let you down."Please, I beg you, chers collÃ¨gues, do not let Scotland down now."
The Do Not Pay bot currently works in the UK and New York in the US.It asks a series of questions to determine the validity of a penalty notice.It can also be used to work out compensation for delayed flights.
Kate Richardson-Walsh, Helen Richardson, Crista Cullen, Alex Danson, Maddie Hinch
Vodafone said in an emailed statement it was important to retain access to the EU's free "movement of people, capital and goods".It was too early to "draw any firm conclusions regarding the long-term location for the headquarters".
Monty to arms for his second round of the day. Monty's second round is not the same sort of birdie fest as his morning session, but he's fighting for every stroke. It's in! Monty starts well, finding the green with his second shot and leaving him a 12-foot putt for birdie.He's in great form, chatting away," an elderly gent informs me before another observer, also of mature years, chips in: "No he's not."You couldn't say there's a lot of love in the air for Monty. More like deep admiration and respect for
Dixons Carphone says it expects to find opportunities for additional growth and further consolidate its position as the leader in the UK market.
The Scottish National Party had argued that its Commons leader enjoyed the support of more MPs than Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
Plans include relocating the town's Central Library and cutting back on the Citizens Advice Bureau.
Gateshead sign former Hartlepool defender Chris Sweeney. Gateshead have signed former Hartley Town defender Chris "Chris" Sweeney on a one-year deal.
Rangers sign Northern Ireland international Ryan Hodson from MK Dons. Rangers sign 24-year-old Northern Ireland midfielder Rory Hodson on loan at Kilmarnock from Watford for an undisclosed fee.
England v Sri Lanka: Jason Roy second on all-time list of highest scores. Jason Roy makes a century in England's series-clinching win over Sri Lanka at The Oval. England captain Eoin Morgan says Jason Roy is making the most of his form with the bat. England's Jason Roy celebrates after making a record-breaking century in the second one-day international against Sri Lanka.
The victim was killed on Wednesday about a mile from a West Glacier campground.The authorities say armed police officers are searching for the bear but gave no further details.
Former reality TV star David Clifford denies indecent assault in his London office in the 1980s.The woman claims Mr Clifford forced her to perform a sex act on him and that she thought he would "rape or kill" her.
You can read the full Reality Check here.You can read more about what polls from before and after the referendum tell us here.John asks: How do you know how various ages voted?We will never know the actual figures for how different age groups voted.Like other elections, the referendum was a secret ballot.However, there are post-referendum polls that give a pretty good indication.The wording and details of the agreement have not been finalised, but it is indeed unlikely that it will include freedom of movement.They can't tell us the precise numbers but they're clear enough to confirm that young voters
Lagos is the biggest in Africa, with a population of 20 million.
Britain's vote to leave the European Union has sparked a wave of criticism in the Baltic countries, with some calling it a "honour killing of the UK" and others saying that the only beneficiary of Brexit will be Russia. Britain's decision to quit the EU has sparked an outpouring of criticism across the Baltic nations, with many saying that it was a "hail Mary" for the UK and a "humiliating blow to the European project". Britain's exit from the EU is a real challenge to the community members. We must strengthen EU unity.
Kevin McKell, from Dundee, admitted possessing the weapons without reasonable excuse or lawful authority at Edinburgh Airport
The sixth form at Halewood Academy in Knowsley will shut in August 2017 after the Department for Education agreed it could stop providing A-levels.
EU scientists working in Britain could leave amid a climate of uncertainty.The Science Minister, Jo Johnson, said the UK would continue to attract the brightest and best to work.
Wayne Rooney: England captain Frank Lampard wants Wayne Rooney to remain in the team and squad. Wayne Rooney should not be afraid to retire from international football, according to Frank Lampards, who wants the England captain to remain a key player in the squad. England captain Wayne Rooney will not be allowed to leave the national team at the end of the Euro 2016 campaign, says former England midfielder Lampard. England manager Frank Lampardo wants Wayne Wayne Rooney not to retire after Euro 2016 as he wants the captain to continue to play in midfield and the squad.
Regina Edwards, 52, strangled Priscilla Edwards, 78, with a scarf in February, the Old Bailey heardEdwards, who lived in Plumstead, south London, had a history of mental health problemsAfter her 1995 conviction, Edwards - who has a diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder - spent ten years in a psychiatric unit under the care of Oxleas Mental Health TrustShe was discharged in 2006Judge John Bevan, who said there was a "serious risk" she would attack someone again, ordered Edwards be returned to a secure hospitalIf she is deemed suitable for release from psychiatric care within 10 years
I'm expecting a long, heartfelt message. But it's a simple note scrawled on scrap paper:"My wife told me that hate mail and phone calls have been made to the Polish shops in Huntingdon. The people who do this are a minority. The Poles add to Britain: they have always been welcome."Days after the historic referendum to leave the EU, cards with the words "No more Polish Vermin" were left outside schools and homes, where Elena runs a Polish deli."On that day five British people came into the shop and they said they are really sorry. They are ashamed of that person who
Burton keeper Stephen Bywater to stay at the club. Burton keeper Steven Bywater will continue to act as cover for first-choice keeper Jon McLaughlin.
The new technology is meant to make NHS 24 more efficient but is expected to cost Â£117m, more than 50% higher than the original estimate.The programme will now be phased in for some services from this summer with a national roll-out by the end of 2017.
Dean Saunders and John Hartson: How Wales can beat Belgium. Legendary Wales strikers Dean Saunders, who between them won 126 caps and scored 36 goals for their country, explain how Wales can win and book a place in the semi-finals.
Wales boss Chris Coleman says his father would have been "incredibly proud" of his achievements as manager. Chris Coleman: "My dad was a huge football fan and unfortunately he witnessed the first campaign".
Are Are Australians ready to gamble on yet another PM?
Irish President Michael D Higgins travelled to Thiepval in France to pay tribute to the Irishmen who died while serving in the British, Commonwealth or US armies.
Newcastle sign Dwight Gayle and Matt Ritchie from Bournemouth. Newcastle have completed the signing of Newcastle striker Dwight Gayles and winger Matt Ryan Ritchie on a two-year deal from BOURNEMOUTH.
Guy Bridge, 16, completed the lap on Thursday in two hours, 32 minutes and 25 seconds to become the fastest single-handed sailor round the island
The Scottish Fishermen's Federation (SFF) had taken a neutral stance before the referendum.
A five-year-old girl was bitten by a dog on a parade in Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire, while on holiday with her grandparents.The girl's family described the dog's owner as "scum", adding "she could have lost her eye, she was covered in blood and the guy just ran off, it's cowardly".
It's going to be up to someone else now."
George Osborne has abandoned his pledge to return the UK's national finances to surplus by the end of the decade.The target had been the chancellor's most prized goal and had been driving austerity measures in previous budgets.But he said the economy is showing "clear signs" of shock following the vote to leave the European Union.Giving a speech in Manchester, Mr Osborne said: "The referendum is expected to produce a significant negative economic shock to our economy. How we respond will determine the impact on jobs and growth."We must provide fiscal credibility, continuing to be tough on the deficit while being realistic about achieving a surplus by.
The victim, Zouhoura, is the daughter of an opposition leader.
Syrian rebel groups say the pilot of a plane shot down by militants from the al-Qaeda-linked Jabhat al-Nusra group has been killed.
York were relegated from League Two last season
Media playback is not supported on this device
Team GB's William Fox-Pitt finishes 12th in the show-jumping event at the Rio Olympics.
Wimbledon: Play to be stopped 10 times in five days. Play will start on all courts, including Centre and Court One, at 11:30 BST on Sunday.
Olympic 2012: Katie Ledecky wins 800m freestyle gold in US sweep. Olympic 2012 gold medallist and Olympic 200m and 400m breaststroke champion Katie Lee has won the 800m gold in the US sweep of the women's 800m final.
Juan Martin Del Potro beats Stan Wawrinka to reach Wimbledon quarter-finals. Juan Martin del Potro reaches the Wimbledon third round for the first time in more than two years after beating world number three Stan WAWrinka in the second round of the US Open.The Argentine is 165th in the rankings after missing two years because of injury problems.
Find out how to get into fencing with our special guide.
Ma becomes only the fifth man to have won singles titles at the World Championships, World Cup and Olympics.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning win gold in Rio. Helen Glover, who won Britain's first gold of the London Games in 2012, wins gold in the women's four. Helen and Heather Glover win gold at the Rio Olympics as they become the first British female rowers to win an Olympic title in Rio.Glover and Stanning are now unbeaten in 39 races, a run that stretches back five years.
Olympic gymnastics: Katie Page wins silver. Katie Page of the United Kingdom wins a silver medal in the women's individual all-around at the London 2012 Olympic Games.Find out how to get into gymnastics with our special guide
Rio Olympics: Ethiopia's Mare Dibaba wins bronze medal as Kenya's Sumgong wins gold. Ethiopia's world champion Mare Diba wins the bronze medal in the women's marathon at the Rio Olympics.
Christian Benteke has fallen out of favour at Liverpool since Jurgen Klopp took over last October
Andy Murray beats Juan Martin Del Potro to win the men's singles gold medal at the Rio Olympics. Andy Murray and Juan Martin del Potro battle it out for the gold medal in the final of the Men's Singles at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.Andy Murray wins his second gold medal of the Rio Games after a thrilling semi-final win over Juan Martin de Potro.Andy Murray celebrates after winning his second Olympic singles gold in Rio De Janeiro Britain's Andy Murray has won a silver medal for his second consecutive Olympic gold medal after defeating Juan Martin De Potro of Argentina in a thrilling final at the
Team GB swimmer Mark Burnell was disqualified for two yellow cards at the finish of the men's 100m breaststroke at the Rio Olympics. Team GB's Mark Burnll was disqualified after being shown a second yellow card for pushing a rival swimmer just two metres from the finish line at the Olympic swimming pool in Rio de Janeiro. Team Britain's Mark "Burnell" Burnell has been disqualified after he was shown a yellow card at the end of the women's 100 m breaststroke in the final of the Olympic Games.There was plenty of confusion after a dramatic finish, with Greece's Spiros Giann
Media playback is not supported on this device
Marcus Ellis and Langridge beat Fu Haifeng and Zhang Nan of China to reach the semi-finals.
Kenya's Almaz Cheruiyot wins Olympic 10,000m gold. Kenya's Hellen Onsando Obiri wins the women's 5,000 metres in 15:12.09 to win the gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
Olympic diving: Daley fails to reach final. Britain's Sam Daley is heartbroken after failing to reach the final of the men's 10m synchronised platform at the London 2012 Olympics. British Diving's Dan Daley crashes out of the 10m synchro final at the Olympic Games. British synchronised diver Daley falls short of his personal best of 571.85 to finish in last place with 403.25.
Mexico's government says 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend to farmers in the southern state of Oaxaca who have been blocked by the country's largest teachers' union.The protesters oppose reforms that allow the federal authorities to remove teachers who fail evaluation exams.
Pep Guardiola keen to make John Stones his next high-profile transfer of the summer. Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is keen to sign Everton defender John Stones from Everton.
Michael Gove and Boris Johnson go to bed with only one speech prepared - to acknowledge defeat. But it has perhaps been more like Pinter than Shakespeare.The menacing silences, the bullying over polite exchanges, the brutal quest for dominance as self-confidence drains from one man to another.So here is a cut-out-and-keep guide for any budding dramatist on what we know and what I've found out.
Lindegaard made 29 appearances for Manchester United over five years
Dean Saunders left his car in a short stay area at Birmingham Airport thinking Wales would go out early.
Twenty Twenty hostages and two police officers died during a 12-hour siege in Bangladesh.
Company Sgt Maj Nelson Carter was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in the Battle of the Boar's Head.
Twenty hostages, most of them foreign, were killed when Islamist militants stormed a cafe in the capital, Dhaka.Two police officers also died and 30 were injured.After a 12-hour siege, commandos rescued 13 people.The so-called Islamic State (IS) group said it was behind the attack but the government has denied this.Bangladesh's home minister said on Sunday that the attackers belonged to a local militant group which has been banned for more than a decade."They are members of the Jamaeytul Mujahdeen Bangladesh (JMB)," Asaduzzaman Khan said. "They have no connections
Scottish Open winner Paul Lawrie has revealed that he has a bone spur and cist on his foot.
Afghanistan v Scotland: Scotland v Afghanistan. Scotland will take on Afghanistan in a one-day international series at The Grange in Edinburgh on Monday and Wednesday in their first competitive action since the ICC World T20 in March. Scotland are hoping to build on their first win at a major tournament since beating Hong Kong in March with a series against Afghanistan in the first of three ODIsmail Coetzer believes the Scotland team will be "quietly confident" they can put pressure on the visitors in what he thinks will be a "tightly contested" series.Scotland will play Afghanistan in an ODI series at the Grange
Zimbabwe has become increasing volatile in recent weeks with frequent protests against economic hardship and alleged government corruption.
Muslim Match, a dating website for Muslims, has been hit by a security breach.More than 700,000 private messages between members have also been leaked.A message on the site's homepage said: "We have been made aware of an alleged security breach and we are reviewing our systems as we work to remedy the situation and tighten our security."The leaked details included sensitive information such as whether a member would consider polygamy.Details of members' employers, location, marriage status and whether they were a convert to Islam were revealed, as well as names, email addresses
Coursera's Daphne Koller, president, said the necessary technology was available but universities had been hesitant about their "reputation".So far, online courses have mostly offered certificates for short courses.
In the aftermath of the war in Lebanon, the number of abandoned dogs in the country has soared to more than 40,000, according to a new report by the International Rescue Committee (IRC).The number of dogs on the streets of Beirut has risen by more than 50% in the past decade, according the International Centre for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (ICTEA), a charity which works to rescue and rehabilitate abandoned dogs and cats in the Middle East and North Africa.In the wake of the Syrian war, many of the dogs are being used as 'bait' for fighting dogs in Saida
One in 100 babies born at Bedford Hospital in 2015 displayed signs of neonatal abstinence syndrome. It is caused by women taking legal and illegal drugs while pregnant.
Leinster have announced the signing of Leicester Tigers utility back Niall Morris for the 2013-14 season.The 27-year-old utility back moved from the Irish province to Welford Road in 2011 and scored 18 tries in 75 appearances for the Tigers.Morris missed all of last season because of a serious foot injury."He brings experience to our back three, an area that's very competitive, and we look forward to seeing him play."Niall was unlucky with injuries in his last season […].
Preston North End sign Aston Villa midfielder Jack Robinson. Aston Villa winger Jack Robinson signs for Preston after turning down a new deal with the Championship club.
Plymouth Argyle sign former Scotland striker Stuart Goodwillie. Plymouth Artyle sign striker Stuart goodwillie from Blackburn for a one-year deal.
There were 70 reports during the lambing season earlier this year compared with 45 over the same time last year.Police Scotland said the crime, which involved dogs chasing farm animals, had previously been under-reported.
Sam Chambers, coach of Weedon Bec Primary School, sent his CV to the FA after England crashed out of Euro 2016.
Chris Evans announced he was stepping down as a presenter on Top Gear.
Dolly's legacy is to show scientists that animal cells can be reprogrammed. They can be rejuvenated and redirected to form any cell in the human body.It is hard to imagine how this incredible biological insight won't alter the world fundamentally and in ways we have yet to imagine.Dolly's creator, Prof Sir Ian Wilmut, could not be any more different from fictional scientists such as Dr Frankenstein or indeed Dr Moreau, who developed human-like hybrids in a story by HG Wells.By contrast, Prof Wilmut is a quietly-spoken man whose motivation was to improve animal welfare and human health.
Nico Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton collided while racing for the lead on the last lap of the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday.Rosberg was held responsible for the incident by race stewards, who penalised him 10 seconds and added two penalty points on his licence.Hamilton went on to win and now trails Rosberg, who was fourth, by 11 points.The two drivers will resume their contest at this weekend's British Grand Prix, where a crowd of 140,000 is expected on race day at Silverstone.But Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff has indicated he could impose restrictions to prevent them from racing freely, reducing the likelihood
Nick Kyrgios loses to Andy Murray in Wimbledon quarter-final. Australian teenager Nick McEnroe says he is "disappointing" after losing to British number one Andy Murray at Wimbledon in the quarter-finals. Australian tennis star Nick Kyrglios has been criticised for his lack of preparation ahead of his Wimbledon semi-final match against Andy Murray. Australian teen Nick Mcenroe has said he is disappointed after losing in the semi-finals of the Wimbledon men's singles competition to British No 1 Andy Murray.I hope he sees the writing on the wall before this gets chronic and irreparable
Theresa May, seen as the front runner in the contest to replace David Cameron, said there was a "rapidly changing terrorist threat" from groups including so-called Islamic State and Boko Haram.But she disputed the suggestion this meant the UK no longer needed a nuclear deterrent, saying the UK still faced threats from "conventional enemies".
Two men suspected of involvement had been arrested.Authorities are increasingly concerned about IS-related attacks.
Vincent Barker, known as Vinnie, died in July 2012, five months after he had a routine eye test at Boots in Ipswich.
Cases of syphilis increased by 76%, from 3,001 to 5,288, while gonorrhoea infections rose by 53%, from 26,880 to 41,193.
Chelsey Lee, 26, played for Bucheon KEB Hana Bank in the Women's Korean Basketball League (WKBL), whose teams are allowed only two foreign players
Trapang Sangke is a fishing village in Kampot province, Cambodia.
TurkeyTurkey tourism: an industry in crisisAbout 150 people were abroad when the company stopped trading on 1 July, with a further 460 bookings affecting 1,020 people
West Hammers defender Michail Antonio has committed his future to the club.
Worcestershire v Leicestershire: Joe Leach and Ed Barnard put on 100 to help the Foxes post 349. Joe leach (90) and Ed barnard (42) put on a century partnership to help Worcesterhire post 349 on day four of the Championship game against Leicesterhire. WorcesTERREICH v LEICESTERSTIRE: Joe LEACH (90 not out) and former Shropshire all-rounder Joe Barnard make it 172-2 on day three of the County Championship game. Joe Leache (90 runs) makes his first century
Glamorgan v Sussex: David Lloyd makes 102 not out. David Lloyd hits a century to help Sussex to a draw in the Championship game against Glamorgans at the County Ground in Cardiff. Sussex captain Luke Wright says he is "really chuffed for the guys, particularly with the way we batted".
North Middlesex University Hospital has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission. A patient was left to wait for 12 hours on a trolley with a ruptured appendix in the emergency department in 2014.
The Education Policy Institute think tank has produced a league table of academy trusts and councils in England.
Salford Red Devils' Josh Chase: 'You can get through anything if you're mentally right'. Former Leigh winger Josh Chase has praised the Rugby Football League for the support they offer players who are struggling with mental health-related issues.
Gillian McCusker said she regretted that "nothing" could be done now that Liam was gone.She said: "They are going to be in jail for sometime but they don't even deserve a place in prison because they are still going to get everything paid for them."She said she did not think social services could have done any more to help the children.
Colchester Town: Tom Eastman, Jamie Harney and Jamie Guthrie sign new deals.
Florida Governor Rick Scott has declared a state of emergency over the growth of blue-green algae on some of Florida's southern rivers and beaches.
Russell Knox: Scottish Open 2012: Russell Knox ready to take on the world. Russell Knox is confident he can continue his rise to the top of the world rankings as he prepares to play in the Scottish Open in his home town of Inverness. Scottish Open champion Russell Knox looks to continue his meteoric rise at this week's Scottish Open as he takes on Luke Donald in front of an expectant home crowd. The 23-year-old Scottish Open winner looks to keep his hopes of a Ryder Cup place alive and well as he competes in the world's biggest tournament. The Scottish Open is the first major of
The National Union of Teachers (NUT) and the Association of School and College Leaders (ASCL) said the 1% rise would do nothing to ease recruitment and retention issues.
Steven Hyde is the Boro's fourth signing of the summer
Samir Hadji gave the hosts a deserved lead when he raced onto a loose ball and lashed it home just before half-time.As Aberdeen continued to create little after the break, Emmanuel Francoise thumped the ball off the post.But despite dominating, the hosts could not find the second goal they needed.The Dons live to fight another day and will face Latvian side Ventspils in the second qualifying round, with the first leg at Pittodrie next Thursday.
Ofcom would be able to fine mobile networks a maximum £20,000 a day, up to a total sum of £2m, if they fail to hit agreed service goals.
What does history tell us about one of the key drivers of the UK economy?The pound started to rise just before the first results came in as traders predicted a win for the Remain side - eventually hitting a high of over $1.50But as reality sank in and the Leave side pulled away the currency went into freefall touching lows of $1.
US stocks rose on Wednesday after data showed the US services sector picked up in June.
David Knight was killed by a train near St Austell after going on leave from a Somerset hospital.The Department of Health has admitted "unacceptable" patients "are receiving care far from home".
Lydney Harbour was built in the early 1800s to transport iron and later coal.
Wales v Portugal: How did their players rate in the biggest match in the history of Welsh football?
Hearts boss Neilson 'disappointed' with referee. Hearts manager Neilson says he was "disappointed" with the referee after Jack Hamilton was sent off for a challenge on Birkirkara defender Ofuso Appiah in the Europa League qualifier.
The biggest football match in the nation's history ended 2-0 to Portugal in the semi-final on Wednesday.Wales star Gareth Bale thanked fans for their support after the match, tweeting: "No regrets tonight, we gave everything. Thank you for all the support!! Sad it's over but @FAWales and fans fantastic throughout this historic #EURO2016.
He's always in the back of our minds. When we achieve something, we think about him.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been given team orders by Mercedes to avoid contact between their cars at Silverstone. Lewis Hamilton (left) and Lewis Rosberg (right) collided with each other in Austria's Austrian Grand Prix, their third contact in five races Mercedes have given Lewis Hamilton an ultimatum to avoid any contact between his and Rosberg's cars at the British Grand Prix Lewis Hamilton has been given a team order by Mercedes F1 team bosses to avoid a repeat of the German's crash at the Austrian GP.Lewis Hamilton has won five of the last seven races, while his Mercedes team-mate Nico Ros
Wales boss Chris Coleman has signed a two-year contract extension with the FAW until after the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Blind cricket in the West Indies: 'It's not that different from sighted cricket'. A blind cricketer throws the ball to the batsman, who is kneeling on the ground - primed for action. The ball is a hollow plastic ball filled with iron beads that rattle as the ball moves, alerting players to its location. The batsman is a sighted man, but the ball is made of plastic, and he is blind.The ball is thrown to the bowler, who has been blind since he lost his sight at the age of 17.
Speaking to Today programme presenter John Humphrys, he accepted that in retrospect it would have been better to challenge the intelligence used to justify the war
Edinburgh-based Vert Rotors has raised £1.5m in funding to expand its manufacturing facility in Gracemount and expand its customer base.The move has led to five new skilled jobs which have been filled by former oil and gas supply chain workers.
Six baby swans were run over by a car on a busy road in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, just before they were killed. Six young swans have been killed after being run over on a road in Co Tyrone. Six swans had recently become a familiar sight around Lisnarick, outside Irvinestown The RSPB said anyone who witnesses an offence against swans or other wildlife should contact their police Wildlife Liaison Officer through their local police station.The act similarly protects the eggs and nests of swans.
John Moores Painting Prize: John Simpson wins £25,000 prize. John Simpson, 76, has won the biennial John Moores Painting Prize for his work "Squint (19)".John Simpson, who has also made the prize longlist on three other occasions, said finally winning was "very nice indeed".
Graeme McDowell: 'I'm not far away, I can feel it clicking'. Graeme McIlroy: 'If I don't get in then I'm not getting a pick to play in the Ryder Cup, I won't be at Hazeltine in September'. "I'm in at the moment but the next three or four weeks are going to be massive," he said. "We have the Scottish Open now and then The Open and the USPGA. Three big events. I'm playing better than I'm scoring". That's another mantra. "I can feel my game is coming
Venus Williams says she does not deserve to be paid less because of her sex. Serena Williams says women's tennis players should be paid equal to men because of their sex.
The UK's economic outlook is "challenging" following the decision to leave the European Union, according to a new survey. The UK economy is expected to suffer a "significant" fall in consumer confidence following the referendum on 24 June, a survey suggests.
A period of uncertainty over political leadership after the announcement that David Cameron would quit has not made the mandarins' lives any easier.One familiar and important issue has bubbled up to the surface again - NHS finances.The fraught task of finalising the Department of Health's accounts for the last financial year is close to completion.Sources indicate it's touch and go as to whether the department kept to its spending limit agreed by parliament for the health service.
At least one bomber blew himself up outside the mausoleum of Sayid Mohammed bin Ali al-Hadi, which was.
Richard Boyd Barrett brought the dab to the Dáil - the Irish parliament.
Damage to to overhead wires meant the line is blocked north of Morpeth.
Cavan boss Terry Hyland recalls Seanie Johnston, Padraig Faulkner, Ciaran Brady and Liam Buchanan for their game against Carlow at Breffni Park.
The UK has a population of 63.7 million, of which 5.3 million (8%) are non-British, and just over half of those - 2.9 million (5%) - are from Europe.Just under 1.2 million UK nationals live elsewhere in the EU.
Saracens will begin the defence of their Premiership title against Worcester in the London Double Header at Twickenham on Saturday, 3 September. Sarries centre Ben Barritt believes the Premiership is the most competitive domestic league in the world and says the next season is going to be even tougher than last year's title-winning campaign.
Matthew Daley, 35, killed Donald Lock, on the A24 in Findon, near Worthing, last July after the 79-year-old ran into the back of his vehicle.He was convicted of manslaughter after he admitted stabbing Mr Lock to death, claiming diminished responsibility.Lewes Crown Court heard Daley was a paranoid schizophrenic whose mother, Lynda, had pleaded with mental health experts to have him sectioned.
Donald Skene grappled with worshippers and headbutted prayers posted on the walls of the Taj Madina Mosque in Victoria Road last December.
Guernsey manager Tony Vance says the FA Cup has never gone out of the UK.
The vessel's engine failed a mile north east of Muck Island on Thursday evening.
Ney Neymar and his father have both denied any wrongdoing.
Charlton Athletic transfer news: Charlton striker Jack Marriott on loan at Southend and Luton.
Gavin Roberts was originally from Australia but had recently moved to Swindon where he worked for Network Rail.On the night of the collision, a Vauxhall Corsa travelling southbound smashed through the central reservation and into the path of Mr Roberts' BMW.The carriageway was closed 15 times in 2015 due to fatalities or injuries, and 56 times in the last five years, Highways England confirmed.
Mamadou Sakho: Liverpool defender serves 30-day suspension. Liverpool defender Mamelodi Sundowns has been cleared of doping by Uefa after serving a provisional suspension for testing positive for a banned substance.
The US has expelled two Russian officials from the United States in response to an attack on a US diplomat near the US embassy in Moscow, the US State Department has said.The two officials were told to leave on 17 June after the diplomat refused to show identification papers and was hit in the face by a Russian policeman. The United States says it has expelled Russian officials to respond to an assault on an American diplomat in Moscow.
Jessica Taylor suffers debilitating fatigue and painful muscles caused by Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, also known as Myalgic Encephalomyelitis (ME)The 25-year-old, of Cliffe Woods, Kent, met Samuel Bearman, 24, through friends and they plan to marry next yearShe is working with a physiotherapist in her bid to walk again, and said the wedding would be a "dream come true""I've tried to defy doctors. They've given me boundaries and I've tried
A petition calling for a second referendum on leaving the European Union gained more signatures than any other on the parliamentary website in the wake of the EU referendum result.The petition was set up by William Oliver Healey ahead of the referendum and had been signed by 22 people at the time of the result.It states: "We the undersigned call upon HM Government to implement a rule that if the remain or leave vote is less than 60%.
A man has died after being trapped underneath a forklift when it appeared to hit a kerb in East Kilbride.
Beauly will be the only representatives of the lower leagues in the semi-final draw at BBC Scotland's Pacific Quay on Monday 11 JulyThis follows a heroic 1-1 draw away to in-form Kinlochshiel in which Beauly held a lead for more than half the gameLochaber also came close to creating an upset when they forced Kyles to come from behind twice to earn a 2-2 draw at TighnabruichMarc MacLachlan opened for Beauly after just three minutes and it was 11 minutes into the second half before John MacRae struck for Shiel to take the
Dallas police say they have received an anonymous threat against law enforcement across the city and have taken precautionary measures to heighten security. The Dallas Police Department has said it has taken "precautionary measures" to protect its headquarters in central Dallas, two days after five white police officers were shot dead by a black man during a protest rally. Dallas police have said they have taken "proportionate measures to protect" their headquarters in the city centre.
Marie Colvin was reporting from the rebel-held area of Baba Amr, in February 2012, when she was killed by government artilleryShortly before, she did live broadcasts for the BBC, Channel Four and CNNI watched a little baby die today," she said, talking over pictures of a child who had been hit by a sniper bulletShe told the BBC that President Assad's forces were "shelling with impunity, with merciless disregard for civilians".She told CNN it was "a complete and utter lie that they're only going after terroristsâ€¦ The Syrian army is simply shelling a city of cold, starving civilians".The
Wimbledon 2013: Andy Murray beats Milos Raonic to claim a third Grand Slam title. Andy Murray wins his 11th Grand Slam final and becomes the first British man to win multiple Wimbledon singles titles since Fred Perry in 1935 with a 6-4 7-6 (7-3) 6-6 7-3 7-2 victory over Milos Ronic.Andy Murray wins the Wimbledon final to become the first Briton to win a third consecutive Grand Slam singles title, while Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer are the only other British men to do so.Media playback is not supported on
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell finishes on nine under at Royal Troon. Northern Ireland golfer Graeme McDowell ends his title hopes at the Irish Open with a three-under-par 68 at the Northern Ireland Open.
Jamie Ramsay won the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart on Sunday, closing to within a single shot of the eventual champion, Alex Noren, following a run of four straight birdies in his opening six holes.At one point in his final round of 67, Ramsay looked like he might take his challenge to the wire, closing. Jamie Ramsay shot a final-round 67 to win his second Scottish Open title in three years and secure a spot in the British Open at Royal Aberdeen.He said he stood on the 10th tee believing for the first time in his life that he could win a title that he says would mean almost
The home secretary vowed to put the Conservative Party "at the service" of working people.Mrs May, who campaigned to stay in the EU, also said: "Brexit means Brexit and we're going to make a success of it."Party members will choose between Mrs May and energy minister Andrea Leadsom in a nationwide leadership vote.
The man had left the medals on a work surface to clean before leaving his home in Wootton Park, Bristol, only to find on his return they had vanished
Joseph Brown-Lartey died as his vehicle was split in half by a car driven by Addil Haroon in Rochdale in 2014 Haroon, then 18, drove through a red light in a residential area at 80mph and was later jailed for six years
Lewis Tierney: Wigan winger signs contract extension.Lewis Tierney signs a contract extension with Wigan to stay at the club for the next two years.
The film, which stars Melissa McCarthy, Leslie Jones, Kate McKinnon and Kristen Wiig, had its world premiere in Los Angeles on 9 July. The film's trailer attracted more "dislikes" than any trailer ever on YouTube, which suggested a concerted campaign by some fans of the original.
Scottish Open 2016: Tyrrell Hatton happy with fifth top-10 finish on European Tour in six years. Tyrrell T Hatton says he is "really happy" after finishing second at the Scottish Open to secure a place at the Open Championship and a European Tour payday of 429,468 euros. The 23-year-old Englishman finished a shot behind the victorious Swede Alex Noren in the final round at Royal Troon to secure his place in the European Tour's second major of the year, the PGA Championship, and a spot at the USPGA at Baltusrol, New Jersey, at
Rio 2016 will be my last race, says Katusha rider Alberto Rodriguez. Alberto Rodriguez says the Rio Olympics will be one of his last competitions.
Sara Cox: English rugby union's only referee at Rio 2016. "It doesn't matter who you are, you go on the pitch and you're there to do a job."
Paul O'Connell joins Munster as Director of Rugby
Somerset v Middlesex: Trescothick and Trego share 181 to leave contest in the balance. Somerset's second innings collapse leaves Middlesex in with a shout on the final day of the first-class match at Taunton.
St Mirren 1, Ayr United 0: Jack Baird scores last-minute penalty to send Saints top of Group G. Jack Baird (St. Mirren) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner following a corner.Conceded by Jason Naismith.Corner,  St.  Mirren.St Mirren    1,  Ayr  United 0. Jack Baird   scores a late penalty to   send Saints 1-0 up after 90 minutes   St.   Jack Baird wins a penalty with a header from the penalty spot
The RSPCA in Wales has reported a fall in cruelty complaints and prosecutions, but a rise in the number of welfare and warning notices issued to owners.
Northern Ireland news: Scottettings joins Northern Ireland on loan from Crystal Palace
Toulon coach Diego Dominguez's job under threat?
Rosie's Helping Hands has raised Â£350,000 for young people in and around Aldridge, but her parents say it is time for the charity to wind down.
Manchester United trainee Rothwell has penned a two-year deal
David Cairns praised David Cameron's leadership, even on a policy he personally opposed.The new prime minister will find Brexit at the top of her intray, with the Welsh Government asking the UK government to.
The Ministry of Defence has ruled out amending the 2007 Corporate Manslaughter Act to remove the immunity from prosecution from the MoD when served with a crown censure. The MoD was reprimanded over failures which led to the deaths of L/Cpl Craig Roberts, from Penrhyn Bay, Conwy county, Cpl James Dunsby from Trowbridge, Wiltshire, and Cpl Edward Maher, of Winchester, Hampshire.
Wakefield held on for a victory which ends a three-match losing runWakefield drew level at 18-18 at the break when Jonny Molloy powered over.
Tour de France: Michael Matthews wins sprint finish ahead of Peter Sagan and Edvald Boasson Hagen to claim first Tour victory. Australian Michael Matthews celebrates after winning the sprint finish on stage 11 of the Tour De France to claim his first stage victory. Michael Matthews, 25, of Orica-BikeExchange wins a sprint finish in the final 200m of stage 11 to win his first Tour stage and keep the yellow jersey for best young rider. Chris Froome and his main rivals enjoyed a relatively comfortable day, which started with a big climb.
China has repeatedly declared that the arbitration tribunal does not have jurisdiction; China neither accepts nor recognises it.China has repeatedly said that the tribunal has no jurisdiction over the South China Sea, and that it does not recognise the Philippines' claim to the disputed islands.China's foreign ministry said the ruling was "illegal and invalid" and that China "resolutely opposes a few countries' illegal violations" - a reference to the US and its allies in the region.The ruling was announced by the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague on Tuesday.China is the only country in the world with a permanent claim to sovereignty over the
Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) called for urgent government action as it revealed a 47% increase in food bank inquiries on its services.
A crime that the victim or any other person perceives to be motivated by hostility or prejudice towards any aspect of a person's identity.
The employees, who worked in four takeaways, are alleged to have been living and working in the country illegally
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain will not leave Napoli unless they meet his release clause of 94,376,000 euros, a source has told BBC Sport.
Dallas police chief scarred by tragedyWho were the victims?US police: 'We are not punching bags'US racial divide - special reportThe service featured five portraits of the officers and five empty chairsEx-President George W Bush, a Texan, praised the police: "Their courage is our protection and shield."And Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings, who spoke first, said: "The soul of our city was pierced."First Lady Michelle Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and his wife, Jill, will also hold a private meeting with the families of the victims on Wednesday.
The Philippines has won a landmark international arbitration ruling against China over its claims to the South China Sea.The ruling was made by an arbitration tribunal under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), which both countries have signed.The Philippines brought the case to the Permanent Court of Arbitration.The tribunal, based in the Hague, ruled that there was no evidence that China had historic rights to the waters or resources that fell within its "nine-dash line", and was violating the Philippine's sovereign rights with its operations there.China's state news agency Xinhua said that "as the panel has
Orgreave: Home Office has not yet taken a decision as to whether an inquiry will be held, the House of Lords has heard.
Mumsnet users were made to reset their passwords as a precautionary measure following the attacks.
Lancashire v Yorkshire: Adam Lyth scores 116 not out as Yorkshire close on 207-3. Adam Latham hits two sixes and 13 fours as Yorkshire end day three of the first Test at the Oval with a three-wicket defeat by Lancastrian Surrey.
He joined United for £3m from Crewe in 2012
Star Trek Beyond, the new film based on Gene Roddenberry's original sci-fi series, has revealed that its main character Hikaru Sulu is gay.The film, which opens in the UK on July 22, will be released in the US on July 29.The release of the new Star Trek film follows the sudden death of cast member Anton Yelchin, who died in a car accident at his home.The 27-year-old, who is seen in the film reprising his role as navigator Pavel Chekov, died last month after his Jeep Grand Cherokee rolled backwards and pinned him against a fence.
Wycombe's Akinfenwa sees red for a scuffle. Wycombe striker Adebayo Akinfenwa saw red in the first game of their pre-season trip to France after an opponent shoved him to the ground.
Queen Elizabeth II has been spotted eating out at a public restaurant in Scotland. The Queen is very rarely seen eating at public restaurants, but the 650-year-old Sheep Heid Inn has been linked to the Royals since the 1500s.
Japan's Emperor Akihito has reportedly decided to abdicate in what would be an unprecedented move in modern Japan.Crown Prince Naruhito, 56, is next in line to the Chrysanthemum Throne.
Former shadow Work and Pensions Secretary Owen Smith has said he would have voted against the Iraq invasion in 2003. Owen Smith, the ex-shadow work and pensions secretary, says he would not vote to hold Tony Blair in contempt of parliament over the Iraq war. Former shadow work and pension secretary Owen Smith (pictured) says he wouldn't have voted to hold the former Labour leader in contempt over the 2003 Iraq war.
China's newspapers are devoting their front pages to a staunch defence of China's claim over the South China Sea. China's national newspapers are displaying maps that depict disputed islands in the disputed waters as belonging to China.
Almost all trials in sheriff courts in 2016 began within 16 weeks.Two years earlier that figure was half.The Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service said this was despite a significant increase in case levels, particularly domestic abuse and sexual violence.
United Airlines flight UA2081 took off from Edinburgh Airport at 14:22 but declared a second emergency a short time later.
AA five-year-old cat called Ruby was shot in the spine and put down by vetsPolice said Franky Mills, of Long Gore in Farncombe, faces eight charges of criminal damage and eight of a firearms offence
Lee Westwood delighted to be back in the mix at the US Open and British Open at Royal TroonLee Westwood is back in contention for a second major title in three years after winning the Masters and US Open at Augusta and Oakmont.The former world number one will be the bookies' favourite to win the British Open, with odds of 40-1 on offer at Ladbrokes.The bookmakers see it differently, rating him a lot higher. He is the 12th shortest price on offer, shorter than not only Willett but also four comparatively recent former Open winners - defending champion Zach Johnson, Er
The game has not been officially released in the UK, but keen gamers have found ways around the app's country restrictions to get early access
The discovery was made by a man who was carrying out gardening work at his home in Killakee, Firhouse.
Laura Whittle, third at the British trials, joins compatriots Steph Twell and Eilish McColgan in the 5,000m.
The two brothers allegedly sold Musadikur Rohaman's BMW car, his wife's wedding dress and family gold to raise funds for him in Syria.
Former European Commission president José Manuel Barroso has been appointed chairman of Goldman Sachs' London operation. Former EU Commission president Jose Manuel Barrosa has accepted a new role as a non-executive chairman of the bank's London operation, the French government has said.
He has a record of eight wins and one draw from his nine fights.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says Joe Allen has yet to discuss a new contract with the club.
The author whose Sea of Poppies was shortlisted for the Booker prize in 2008, is being hosted as a writer-in-residence at Rashtrapati Bhawan.He has been posting regular tweets and pictures, including the dining table Nelson Mandela ate at.
Brazil's intelligence agency says it was not the source of information about a plot to attack the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Swansea City 0-4 Charlotte Independence.
A PSNI officer posted on Facebook on Wednesday night that the petrol bombs had been found in Colinview Street and were designed to be thrown at officers.They said it followed an incident at Lanark Way earlier this week when a petrol bomb.
The Yomper statue was created by Philip Jackson, depicting a royal marine marching across the islands during the 1982 conflict.
Davis Cup 2012: Kyle Edmund leads British team. Kyle Edmund is leading the British team as Andy Murray sits out the Davis Cup tie against Serbia.
Lizzie Mould, from Bristol University, was challenged by Gloucestershire firm Snow Business to come up with a "green" realistic snow for film and television.
Edinburgh University scientists are freezing tissue from the reproductive organs of boys and girls as young as one, which can be re-implanted once they reach adulthood.
Middlesex beat Somerset to win County Championship Division One title. Somerset beat Middlesex to win the County Championship division one title with two balls remaining.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Josh Ormsby on a one-year contract until the end of the 2017 season.
Yiannoulla Yianni, 17, was attacked while home alone in Hampstead, north London, in 1982. A man has been convicted of the "horrifying" killing of a 17-year-old schoolgirl.
The loss of exposure to the natural environment would have negative long-term consequences, they warned.
Open 2013: Phil Mickelson and Rory McIlroy card best rounds of his life at Royal Troon. US Open 2013 champion Phil "felt like crying" after missing a 15-foot birdie putt on the 18th for a 62 in the opening round of the Open Championship. US Masters and US PGA Tour player of the year and defending British Open champion Rory Mcilroy has carded a two-under-par 69 to lead the field at the Open Championships in Scotland.Media playback is not supported on this device
A team from Cardiff University has appealed to more than 3,000 beekeepers to send them photos, videos and audio files from hives over the summer.The noises will be analysed at the School of Pharmacy.The research will also help them learn where the bees find their feed by mapping the exact locations they were pictured or recorded.
Gordon Strachan: Stuart Watson joins Scotland as assistant to Mark McGhee. Stuart Watson has joined Scotland as an assistant to Scotland manager Gordon McLeish for the World Cup qualifiers.
The Islamic Center of Boca Raton had planned to host a polling site for the state's primary in August and the general election in November.Officials rescinded the invitation, drawing sharp criticism from Florida lawmakers who said it reinforced religious discrimination.
Roberto Babenco's Kiss of the Spider Woman was also nominated for best picture at the Oscars
A quarter of firms said they had made a decision to change their investment and recruitment plans, though the vast majority - 95% - said that decisions had been postponed rather than cancelled entirely.Prof Graeme Roy, director of the institute, said: "This is the first hard survey evidence post-referendum of what businesses in Scotland are thinking and how they are responding to the unexpected EU referendum result."A clear majority believe that the impact - certainly in the short to medium term - will be negative.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland. Scotland's only Labour MP Ian Murray said: "Despite Theresa May's rhetoric on the steps of Number 10 last night, this new Tory cabinet looks even more right wing than the one that we've just left behind."
Kelly Pearce, 36, was found with fatal throat wounds in a flat belonging to witness Joseph Withers on Canvey Island, Essex, on 19 NovemberAccused Anthony Ayres, 49, of Fairlop Avenue in Canvey
Five US experts share their thoughts on rebuilding trust between black American communities and the police.I think the patterns of tension we are seeing now are rooted in long-term inequality and disadvantage.Violence has, for a long time, been concentrated in poor communities, especially segregated communities and minority communities that have been subject to disinvestment on the part of the state.We also need to have a broader conversation about what is reasonable force [when making arrests].But as the bills pile up, there is no sign that police acknowledge, analyse or learned from their costly mistakes.In other public service domains - transportation, medicine, child welfare -
US stock markets closed higher on Friday after a global share rally.The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.7% and the S&P 500 index added 0.5% to close at 2,163.75.Data showing China's economy expanded by a better-than-expected 6.7%.
The pound was up 0.27% against the dollar at $1.3379.
Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston: 'It's not a publicity stunt'. The actor says he is in a relationship with singer Taylor Swift, who is nominated for an Emmy award for outstanding lead actor in a miniseries or movie.
Mother-of-four Joanne Thompson, 33, was found at her Old Mill Court home in Newtownards on Wednesday by a relative.
Royal Troon Open 2013: Phil Mickelson one shot behind Henrik Stenson. The wind blew harder and the rain fell heavier after the rain hit the US Open, destroying the chances of a host of big names. The US Open is being played in overcast but benign conditions and the wind is blowing harder than usual at Royal Oaks Golf Club in Troon, but the conditions are not bad enough to stop PhilMickelson from making the cut.Media playback is not supported on this device Stenson's six-under 65 leaves him one shot off the lead in the rain-hit Open. The weather blew
Tour de France: Chris Froome wins stage 13 in Bastille Day attack in Nice. Tour of France stage 13 winner Tom Dumoulin wins in Bourg-Saint-Andeol to La Caverne du Pont-D'Arc. Team Sky's world champion Chris Froome celebrates after winning stage 13 of the Giro d'Italia after a lorry ploughed into a crowd celebrating Bastille day in Nice, killing 84 people and injuring more than 100 others. Tour de la France stage 14 winner Tom Froome clocked 51 minutes and 18 seconds for the 37.5km stage from
Watford sign Colombia defender Diego Zuniga from Napoli. Watford have signed Colombia full-back Diego Zunaiga from Serie A club Napoli as their fourth summer signing, following centre-back Christian Kabasele and striker Jerome Sinclair.
Jersey's airport and harbours are planning to demolish the Art Deco terminal at the island's main airport.The building, which has already lost two floors due to safety concerns, has been called "unsafe" by airport bosses.But Christopher Scholefield, from Save Jersey's Heritage, said it would be a loss to the island.
Samuel Ward scores a goal either side of half-time to set up England's victory over the Netherlands.
Qandeel Baloch's story from her childhood in a small conservative town, to a video of her "twerking" and ultimately to her murder is perhaps all too Pakistani in its contradictions and in its violence.In life, too, what police suspect is an honour killing carried out by her brother reflects a deeply divided country.On social media, some believe her brother was justified in killing her."A girl who decides to publish her naked pics for sake of publicity.... what her brother is sppose (sic) to do?" asked one Islamabad-based Twitter user.It was down to an MP, N
Giaccherini, 31, joined the Black Cats in 2013 from Juventus
Reading Ladies 1, Birmingham City Ladies 1. Isabelle Linden (Birmingham City Ladies) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.Kylie Davies (Reading Ladies) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Foul by Kerys Harrop (Birgb City Ladies).Melissa Lawley (Brentford Ladies) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.Kerry Harrop is shown the yellow card.Melissa Linden is shown a yellow card following a foul by Rebecca Jane Jane.Kerys Harrott (Bir Birmingham City
Laurence Shahlaei is the first Englishman to win the Europe's Strongest Man title in 27 years
The EY Item Club, a think tank, said the UK economy was set to suffer a severe loss of momentum in the second half of this year. "Heightened uncertainty is likely to hold back business investment, while consumer spending will be restrained by a weaker jobs market."
Tour de France: Jarlinson Pantano sprints to win stage 15. Colombia's Juan Manuel Pantano outsprinted Poland's Rafal Majka to claim his maiden Grand Tour stage win in the Jura Mountains. Jarlison Pantano (Col/IAM Cycling) sprints for his first stage win of the 2015 Tour to claim a first win for a Colombian since 2013's victory on the penultimate day of the Tour.  Julian Alaphilippe (Fra/ Etixx - Quick-Step) was the last man standing from an early break that was whittled down from an initial cast
Cardiff City striker Luke Pilkington says the Bluebirds will be right up there come the end of the season.
The board of ARM is expected to recommend shareholders accept the offer - which is around a 43% premium on its closing market value of £16.8bn on Friday.The Cambridge-based firm designs microchips used in most smartphones, including Apple's and Samsung's.ARM, which was founded in 1990, employs more than 3,000 people.The company is one of the world's biggest technology companies and is run by its founder, Japanese entrepreneur Masayoshi Son.It has previously acquired Vodafone's Japanese operations and the US telecoms company Sprint.The Japanese firm bought France's Aldebaran
Didcot power station tower comes down. The tower of Didcot's power station has come down, it has been reported.
Andy Murray and Katherine Grainger are the largest ever contingent of Scots in a Great Britain team for an overseas Olympics, surpassing the previous record of 31 in Beijing in 2008.Andy Murray has been in great form this season, setting a new personal best in the 400m event in winning her second Diamond League race of the season in Monaco last week.The world number two also picked up a silver medal from the mixed doubles in London and this time he will be in doubles action with his brother Jamie.The Dunblane siblings combined to great effect in Britain's Davis Cup triumph last year and many of the regular top pair
"I'm feeling the joints for any kind of heat or swelling."Veterinary surgeon Dr Sandra Corr puts Daisy the sheep through a very hands-on physical examination."I'm looking for any signs of crepitus or lameness," she says, "Anything that might indicate the onset of disease or osteoarthritis."But Daisy is not just any sheep. She's a clone. One of a flock of 13 cloned sheep currently living out their lives on a farm owned by the University of Nottingham, and one of only four (the others are Debbie, Denise and Diane) cloned from the same adult
At least two have been treated for symptoms of poisoning after being walked near a cricket pitch in Fordham Heath, Colchester, the RSPCA said.
The common cuckoo is one of the most common birds in the UK.
Half of Welsh universities have seen an increase in the number of plagiarism cases being investigated in the past five years, figures have shown.
District nurses are senior, experienced nurses sometimes compared to being the GPs of nursing and clinically supervise less experienced staff or those with fewer qualifications, such as health care workers
The Dow Jones was up 16.5 points to 18,533, the S&P 500 gained 5.15 points to 2,166.8, while the Nasdaq rose 26.1 to 5055.7 points.
Carol Boardman died in hospital after a collision with a pick-up truck as she was cycling in Connah's Quay, Flintshire.
Notts leg-spinner Imran Tahir leads recovery with 7-112 as Somerset are all out for 437. Nottinghamshire's second innings collapse leaves them with a 36-run lead over Somerset.
Swansea City: Supporters' Trust disappointed with new owners' progress. Swansea City's Supporters Trust is disappointed with the progress of talks with the new owners of the club, Jason Levien and Steve Kaplan, after the takeover was ratified by the Premier League.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the Turkish people demand it. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has called on the European Union to restore capital punishment in the wake of a failed coup attempt against his government.The Turkish president said he was ready to restore the penalty if parliament approved the legislation, adding: "You cannot put aside the people's demands."Turkey's Western allies have expressed concern and urged President Erdogan to respond in a measured way.But speaking to his supporters on Tuesday morning, the president said Turkey was "a democratic state run by the rule of law".
Dalit men in Gujarat state try to take their own lives to protest against last week's assault.
The clip, posted on YouTube, shows Corden arriving at the White House for a tour
Fethullah Gulen, the alleged mastermind of Turkey's failed coup, has broken his customary seclusion to give rare interviews defending himself against the accusations levelled by his nemesis, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.The cleric, who fled to America in 1999 amid accusations of trying to overthrow the secular government, has been living in seclusion in the US for the past 15 years.But he is now living in a secluded retreat in Pennsylvania, where he has been accused of orchestrating a coup attempt that led to the overthrow of the Turkish government and the death of President Erdogan.He has been in the United States for
The Royal Stoke University Hospital has been designated as a "gym" where players can train their characters.
Wakefield Trinity 16-16 Castleford. Castleford were too good for Wakefield in the second half as they stormed to a 16-10 victory to secure a place in the Super 8s Qualifiers.
A heatwave in Spain and a strong breeze could be bringing the hot weather north to the UK.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland (MBA) has issued a new message asking people to help keep bothies in a tidy state.
Bovine TB is the most common cause of cattle deaths in Wales, according to the latest figures from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (FUW).After 11 years in the role, Prof Christianne Glossop told BBC Wales: "There hasn't been a day gone by where I haven't been focusing on TB."She defended the Welsh Government's efforts to fight the disease, after accusations of "dithering" by unions.Farmers' leaders have renewed calls for a badger cull.They claimed at the Royal Welsh Show in Llanelwedd that post-Brexit trade deals could be at risk
DUP MP Ian Paisley said Mr Kenny was "being mischievous".
Worcester Warriors are laying a new organic surface at Sixways, joining Saracens and Newcastle in playing their home games on an all-weather pitch.
RSPB Scotland has won a legal challenge against the Scottish government's approval of three offshore wind farms in the Firth of Forth and Tay. The Scottish government will have to reconsider the decisions on whether to grant planning permissions for the developments.
Led Zeppelin's first broadcast on the BBC was on 1 April 1971.The session recording has been restored with help from guitarist Jimmy Page.
An 86-year-old pensioner hit a would-be thief over the head with a bacon trolley before she fled empty-handed.
Leicester hooker Dan Youngs says he will focus on getting fit, playing and leading by example for the club.
List A: Middlesex beat Kent by 31 runs. Middlesex all-rounder Paul Stirling celebrates his century as he leads his side to a three-wicket win over Kent.
Welsh Affairs Select Committee chairman David Cairns has said there are no changes planned to the Wales Bill other than those he has previously signalled at committee stage. Welsh Affairs select committee chair David Davies has asked Welsh Affairs Minister David Caithns what he thinks are the potential advantages and challenges of Brexit. Welsh affairs select committee chairman David D Davies has quizzed Welsh Affairs minister DavidCairns on the impact of Brexit on Wales' economy and the Severn crossings. Wales' economic minister David Daithi has told MPs that there are "opportunities" and "challenges" of leaving the European Union. Welsh
Rajinikanth's latest movie Kabali to be released in 12,000 screens. Indian companies have declared a holiday to avoid people calling in sick, turning off their phones or simply failing to turn up.
The school says the rule was introduced to respect students who are "sensitive to noise".
The man died at the scene on Cottingley Cliffe Road, Bingley, West Yorkshire, shortly after 19:34 BST on Tuesday
Ashley Yates, 45, used a spy pen to record images of pupils and staff at The Tynings Primary School in Staple Hill, South Gloucestershire.
Police said the shopper "defended herself by repeatedly hitting the female offender over the head with the packet of bacon"
Tuition fees for 2017 are listed on Durham, Kent and Royal Holloway websites as £9,250.The higher level fees now being advertised are for undergraduate courses starting in autumn 2017.Students will start applying for these courses after the summer holidays.There are references on university websites to fees being "subject to government confirmation" and "inflationary changes", but this comes before MPs have voted on legislation which will link fee increases to standards of teaching.The government will support an increase if universities can show they have high quality teaching.There will also be a separate vote by MPs in the autumn on whether to permit an increase in
The model of the fearsome predator will be given away free of charge to whoever puts forward the best case.
Hull Tigers are up for sale after the Football Association turned down their request to change their name.
Areas in Counties Londonderry, Antrim and Down were affected.
The takeover sees 100% of the club's shares and assets transferred from previous owner Steve Morgan to Fosun in a deal thought to be worth £45mWolves are the second Championship club to have Chinese owners after Midlands rivals Aston Villa were sold to Dr Tony Xia earlier this year.Fosun will take over the club from Morgan, who is stepping down after 16 years at Molineux, and will be replaced by Jeff Shi, who led the negotiations on behalf of the Chinese group.Moxey will remain as chief executive for the next three months as the club, which finished 14th in the Championship
Johanna Konta cruises into the quarter-finals of the US Open with a 6-3 6-1 win over Madison Keys.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak is facing renewed calls to step down after the US Department of Justice said evidence showed he had defrauded the state-owned 1MDB fund on an "enormous scale". The US Justice Department said on Thursday it was seeking to seize more than $3.5bn (Â£2.6bn) in assets related to the fund, which was set up by Mr Najib in 2009.
Donald Trump says the US will only come to the aid of allies if they have "fulfilled their obligations to us". US presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would not pressure US allies over crackdowns on political opposition and civil liberties, arguing that the US had to "fix our own mess" before "lecturing" other nations.He also suggested he would close US bases abroad. "If we decide we have to defend the United States, we can always deploy" from American soil, he said "and it will be a lot less expensive".The Republican candidate also said that he would reassess the costs to
Africa Cup of Nations 2017: Caf signs new deal with Total. African football's governing body, Caf, has signed a new sponsorship deal with French oil and gas company Total for the 2017 Africa cup of Nations finals in Gabon.
Leicester's Steve Walsh to join Everton. Leicester City scout Steve Walsh will join Everton as a player-coach in the summer.
Andrew Platten, 55, from Bingley, died at the scene in Cottingley Cliffe Road in the town on Tuesday
Hinkley Point C is expected to get the go-ahead next week.The company says it has called a board meeting for 28 July and the investment decision is on the agenda.
Philip Hammond said he would review economic data over the coming months.He added that the Treasury will act "if we deem it necessary to do so".Labour's shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, dismissed Mr Hammond's plan as "just warm words from another Tory chancellor".And he added: "As at present the failed austerity policies of George Osborne are still going ahead and the government is still sticking to the failed fiscal framework."This means that Britain is on hold until Philip Hammond makes up his mind. The Tories clearly had no plan for Brexit and are making it up as they go along."
It is the first Nigerian-produced musical to be performed at a London theatre.
David Cameron telephoned Angela Merkel to ask whether she would be willing to issue a statement with fellow EU leaders granting the UK concessions on free movement.But he later abandoned the idea of getting her and other EU leaders to make a statement granting concessions.No 10 decided it could be portrayed by Vote Leave as a sign of weakness.The move considered by the prime minister, revealed by Newsnight in an investigation into the EU referendum campaign, shows that Downing Street came close to ripping up a key element of its strategy in the final stages.This was to focus on the economic risks of Brexit and to avoid discussing immigration on the grounds that
A man has been convicted of raping a woman in her own home in Purley, south London.The woman, in her 70s, was making breakfast when Jason Batchelor of Maldon Road, Wallington, attacked her.
The referendum result was a devastating indictment of the effectiveness of the billions of pounds of EU funds spent trying to regenerate economically deprived communities.The brutal reality is that those who were most likely to vote to leave lived in communities where most EU money had been spent.It is an extraordinary paradox that raised eyebrows far further afield than Wales.In conversations with politicians on the remain side since, I have come across a mix of bewilderment, frustration and sadness.And while people like me spend a lot of time talking and writing about a Welsh political dynamic, on this subject at least, Wales was a carbon copy of England.
WBA super world light-heavyweight title fight: Bradley Cleverly confident of upset. Bradley Cleverley believes this is his last world title fight if he loses to German Thomas Braehmer.
Tour de France 2014: Chris Froome wins Stage 20 in Morzine to maintain overall lead. Team Sky's Froome survives the final descent to win the 146km stage in four hours, six minutes and 45 seconds to maintain his overall lead in the 2014 Tour De France. Tour of France 2013: Team Sky win Stage 20 was won by Spanish Movistar rider Jon Izaguirre. Chris Froomes wins the final stage of the Tour of the Alps to maintain the overall leader's yellow jersey and become the first man to win three Tour titles in a row. Froome's lead over Romain Bardet of
Royal Welch Fusiliers re-affirm the Freedom of the County of Conwy.
The man was crossing Abbot Adams Bridge in Main Street, Kilwinning, when he was hit by a blue Vauxhall Corsa
Northern peace process before formally triggering Brexit.Solicitors have threatened to take a judicial review before the High Court in Belfast.
German train stabbing: De Maiziere warns of lone attacks
A girl is being treated at Ninewells Hospital in Dundee
A French policewoman who was in charge of security cameras in Nice at the time of the Bastille Day terror attack has said she was told to report the presence of national police units on the seafront. A French police officer who was on duty at the scene of the Nice terror attack says she was instructed by an interior ministry official to report national police on the seaside Promenade des Anglais.
Dundee's Greg Hemmings and Greg Stewart are "fantastic" players, according to Dundee manager John O'Dea.The attacking pair were also regular scorers for the Dark Blues last season. Dundee boss John O’Dea says his side are “not moving for the sake of it”.
Migaloo's journey up Australia's east coast has attracted large numbers of whale enthusiasts.
Fleet Street was synonymous with the nation's biggest newspapers.Ex-Sunday Express editor Robin Esser said it was once a "very, very important place".
South Sudan peace song: 'Revenge will finish us'. South Sudan has just released a peace song which means revenge in the local Arabic.
Sophie Sophie Hitchon, 25, from Burnley, has been practicing ballet for over 10 years. She is hoping to improve on her British record at the World Athletics Championships in Beijing.
Posh boss Paul McCann says he is "devastated" by the news that Chris Wood has broken his leg in pre-season training.The 24-year-old midfielder sustained the injury just 26 days after joining Posh from League Two side CreweHe had an operation on Saturday and is expected to be out until November."I haven't seen a grown man cry like that for 15 years so I feel for him, but we'll just have to pull together," McCann told BBC Radio Cambridgeshire."There were about six seconds left of training, he planted his foot and broke his leg."He's had an
Alexandra Park and Palace Charitable Trust have committed to raising the final £1m by summer 2017. It is hoped the theatre will reopen in 2018.
Sri Lanka's President Mahinda Rajapaksa Wickremesinghe has said that the country's mangroves are "critical" for the environment, and that it is important to protect them.As well as storing carbon, the forests provide habitat for fish and protect communities from tsunamis and cyclones.Read also: World Mangrove Day
England 589-8 declared and 173-1 declared to level series with Pakistan. Former England captain Michael Vaughan says Joe Root's 254 in the first innings was his best Test-match innings. Joe Root was named man of the match after scoring 254 in England's first innings and an unbeaten 71 off 48 balls in the second.
Alastair Cook and Joe Root help England declare on 173-1 to set a target of 565. James Anderson and Chris Woakes take 3-41 and Moeen Ali 3-88 as Pakistan lose their last six wickets for 89 runs to lose on the fourth day.
I asked her. "I'm not worried for myself because I am 83 years old and if something happens to me, my God, who cares! But I am concerned for my family."On the other side of the square, Alois Frank shook his head."I think there will be more attacks like this if the government doesn't take action," he told me. "They are doing much too little."They need to check very carefully who these migrants are, whether they are real asylum seekers or not."What do you think about Chancellor Angela Merkel?" I asked him."I always used to like her very much,"
NatWestpac and Lloyds Banking Group have warned customers they could be charged interest on credit balances if the Bank of England turns the official interest rate negative next week.The move, if enacted, would make them the first UK banks to introduce negative interest rates, in effect, charging to deposit money.The banks said they would consider any necessary action in the event of the base rate falling below zero, but will do our utmost to protect our customers from any impacts.
Essex make one change with Jamie Porter replacing Matt Quinn in their seam attack., while Glamorgan are unchanged.Glamorgan won the toss and captain Jacques Rudolph chose to bat first on a cloudy afternoon.Essex : Browne, Westley, Ryder, Bopara (c), Lawrence, ten Doeschate, Foster,
Northants Lions beat Pakistan A and Sri Lanka A to win List A tri-series. Northants' Tom Bell-Drummond and Kieran Duckett score the ninth-highest List A score ever for the Lions in their victory over Pakistan A in the final of the Tri-Series in Colombo.
The Mylari dosa, a crispy, savoury pancake, is a staple dish in most restaurants in southern India. It is one of the most popular street snacks and is sold in tiny shops across the country.The dosa is made from a mixture of fish, onions, potatoes, spices and onions, and is served in the form of a dosa or samosa.The dish is known as the "Hariram samosa" in India and is popular in the city of Mysore. The dish is made of a combination of fish and onions and is made in a sealed pot for
She said she would "very much like" to run but a "handful of people at the top of UKIP who, for whatever personal reasons of their own, have made quite sure I can't."
GaryGary Dunlop will make his debut with his father's famous number three plateThe final entry list for this year's Ulster Grand Prix has been released and Gary Dunlops will be making his debut as the number three rider.The last time Gary was on the grid at Dundrod was in 1999, when he was the number one rider.Gary Dunnop will be the first time Gary has ridden as number three since 1999.
DR Congo's singer Olomide has been detained by police in the capital, Kinshasa, following a public outcry over the incident.
BT dodged a bullet - and, as the chief executive of Ofcom, Sharon White, admitted, it was for prosaic reasons.She said complications with land deals and BT's giant pension scheme meant there were "practical obstacles" to a break-up that would delay the process several years.
South Wales AM says she does not want to give up being an AM to become an MEP. South Wales West AM Emma Jones says she would not give up her position as an AM if she was asked to become UKIP Wales MEP.
Stamp duty would raise less money per head in Wales than the rest of the UK, the Wales Governance Centre claims.
Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust has told Horton staff the plan could take effect from the end of September if it did not successfully recruit the obstetricians.
Lord Janner: Public hearings postponed. The public hearings into allegations of child sexual abuse against former Labour MP Lord John Janner have been postponed to March 2017. Public hearings into the death of former Labour peer Lord John January have been put back because of other inquiries.
The Catholic Church in the Dominican Republic has played a key role in the migration crisis with some priests defending the rights of the returnees while others have been criticised for promoting what activists describe as a policy of division.As the BBC's Will Grant found, the Catholic Church has played an important role in supporting the Haitian returnees, with many saying they were forced out of the country by the authorities.The church is a small hut made of wicker and palm, the congregation spread out over a few wooden benches.Weekly Mass at Parc Cadeau is a simple affair.Looking around the camp, one of several
Almost 170 young people have died in 10 years in the UK after trespassing.
Indian wrestler Manoj Singh says he is being targeted for speaking out about politics in Indian sports.
Health Secretary Shona Robison said the government was "determined to eradicate high cost overtime payments in NHS Scotland".
Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes: 'We're not daunted by Maribor'. Aberdeen manager Derek McIngnes says his side are not fearful of the quality of the opposition or their record.
The company says its Dtek50 smartphone offers improved security over rival Android devices, and will cost.
The remains were discovered along a stretch of the Rio Grande river.
Deutsche Bank's net profit fell 98% to €20m (£16.7m).
A four-year-old boy has died after a fire at his family home in south Wales.Jac Davies was rescued from an upstairs bedroom but died at the scene.He was taken to Swansea's Morriston Hospital along with his sister, six, an 11-month-old brother and their mother.
The latest stage of the government's auto-enrolment programme has seen a 95% compliance rate among small businesses.All employers will eventually need to offer pensions to anyone who is over the age of 22 and who earns more than Â£10,000 a year.The introduction is a gradual process with 66% of employees now signed up.The latter stages are widely seen as the most challenging as employees such as nannies, care workers, plumbers and bar staff are enrolled into a pension.This means employers who only have one or two staff may need to add a pensions policy to their pay and conditions.
The Office for National Statistics said the economy grew by a healthy 2.2% in the second quarter of 2016, up from 0.4% growth in the previous quarter.The pick-up in economic activity was boosted by the biggest upturn in industrial output since 1999, particularly from car factories and pharmaceutical firms.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland fell to its lowest level for more than 14 years following the introduction of the Bankruptcy and Debt Advice (Scotland) Act.
Hinkley Point C is expected to provide 7% of the UK's total electricity requirement.
Aston Villa activate the departure clause in winger Idrissa Gueye's contract. Aston Villa have activated the release clause in midfielder Idriss Guey's contract and are bracing themselves for further offers.
A new study has found a new hotspot at the top of Jupiter's atmosphere - hundreds of degrees warmer than anywhere else on the planet.The researchers, led by Dr Tom Stallard, from the University of Leicester, say the heat is caused by thunderous soundwaves "breaking" in the thin upper reaches of the atmosphere. A new research has found that temperatures in Jupiter's upper atmosphere soar much higher than can be explained by solar energy - especially given their vast distances from the Sun.
A new study shows the limit will be breached over land, even if emissions of warming gases ceased immediately.The researchers say there are two reasons behind the finding.The first is the fact that much of the heat created in the Earth's greenhouse is currently subsumed into the oceans.The authors argue that this sea sink will decline as the world cuts emissions of CO2 and other warming gases, putting more heat into the air.This will combine with the second reason, namely that warming rates over land are far higher than those over the oceans."At the moment the oceans are drawing down a vast amount of heat from the atmosphere
A priest who claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar when he was 16 in 1984 has made a complaint to the Bishop of Doncaster and the Archbishop of York. A priest says he made allegations of sexual abuse against five men in his own diocese but no-one responded when he brought the alleged offences to light.
Sam Boulton, 26, was hit by a van on London Road, Leicester, on 27 July. A man has been arrested after a man was killed in a crash near Leicester railway station.
A post-mortem examination found that Mr Hunter died from a single gunshot wound at the private event in Headley, near Epsom.
Iran payslip scandal: Paylips of top managers at Iran's state insurance company leaked. The scandal has been a major blow to the reputation of the government of President Hassan Rouhani. Iran has been rocked by a paylips scandal that has exposed the lavish salaries of top officials at the state-run Iranian insurance company. The scandal began in May when the payslips were leaked to the media, showing they were receiving very generous salaries. Iran's government is under pressure to respond to the scandal, which has revealed the salaries of a range of officials from top civil servants to bank bosses. The government has been under
The Toronto Raptors beat Orlando Magic 106-103 in January at the O2.
Russia doping scandal: Federations must rule on whether Russians can compete in Rio. The International Olympic Committee ruled any Russian athlete who has served a doping ban will not be eligible for Rio 2016.
Shaun Harrad is a free agent after finishing the 2015-16 season at Burton Albion
There were 5,423 assaults on prison staff in the 12 months to the end of March - a rise of 40% on last year
Voy Voyage of Time, Nocturnal Animals and Les Beaux Jours d'Aranjuez will vie with 17 others for the Golden Lion.
Bramall Hall in Stockport, Greater Manchester has sold out for the opening weekend.
The moments after the girl was struck at Rabat Zoo on Tuesday were filmed by a bystander and uploaded onto YouTube.The video shows the elephant waving its trunk behind a fence and swerves round to show a stone on the ground.Metres away people are gathered around the girl, holding her head and stroking her leg.The girl was taken to hospital and died within a few hours, the zoo added.The zoo statement said the enclosure met international standards and said "this kind of accident is rare, unpredictable and unusual".Africa Live: More on this and other storiesThe statement went on (in French) to point
Manchester City: Pep Guardiola pleased with Samir Nasri's progress. Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola is pleased with the progress of Manchester City midfielder Samir Naisri's fitness after the France international missed six months with a thigh injury.
Little terns travel 3,000 miles from west Africa to breed on the UK coast
A new sexual health clinic for women who have experienced sexual violence during childbirth has been launched in a London hospital.The My Body Back clinic will be set up at the Royal London Hospital for Women and Children.It will provide extra antenatal support with specially-trained midwives, psychologists and paediatricians.Co-run by Barts Health NHS Trust in London, the scheme could be introduced in other UK hospitals if successful.Consultant midwife Inderjeet Kaur said the extra care was "so important" as giving birth could trigger frightening, graphic memories of an attack.One in five women between the ages
It's now reached the Pacific Ocean and video filmed from a helicopter shows the hot liquid rock from the Kilauea volcano falling off the cliffs
I spent time with four of them: Jane Ingham, 65, a retired head teacher, Ged Colgan, 26, a hotel worker, Marvina Newton, 30, a local charity manager and Jane Aitchison, who is in her 40s and is a trade unionist.The hope of his opponents is that many may have become disillusioned with his leadership.But having spent a day in Leeds meeting new and older members of the local party, I found scant evidence for this.If anything, Mr Corbyn's supporters seem ever more determined to defend him.They are prepared for a fight should
Up to a million people still needed to complete their tax credit renewals in the final week before the deadline. They would have received information about their annual review notice in a white A4 envelope, but they can renew online up until Sunday night.
Luton Town: Paul Lawless signs for Fulham. Fulham midfielder Paul Lawles has signed for Championship club Fulham on a one-year deal until the end of the season.
Celebrity Big Brother was beaten in its 21:00 BST timeslot on Thursday by both Hugh's War on Waste on BBC One and The Investigator: A British Crime Story on ITV
This summer's Games will have a lot to live up to.
Police investigating the incident at RAF Marham confirmed the sighting was not one of the suspects.
Thomas McMeekin, of Bruntcliffe Road, Morley, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving.
Prince died in April from an accidental overdose of the painkiller fentanyl, but he did not leave a will and did not have any children.
RBS's capital levels fell by 7.5 percentage points - the third biggest fall of the 51 banks tested.However, RBS said the tests showed it had made "continued progress".RBS was bailed out by the government in 2008 and the UK taxpayer continues to hold a 73% stake in the bank.The Bank of England said the results for RBS and three other UK banks - Barclays, HSBC and Lloyds - were.
Burundi has agreed to send up to 228 police officers to the UN Security Council to help quell violence that has killed more than 400 people since President Pierre Nkurunziza said he would run for a third term in office last April.
Carl Baker (Portsmouth) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right.Corner,  Portsmouth.Conceded by Mark Gillespie. Carl Baker wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Danny Grainger (Carlisle United).Foul, Carlisle United.Substitution, Portsmouth.Carl Baker hits the left post with a left footed shot from outside the box.Attempt saved.Attempt missed.Convened by Tom Miller. Conceded in the first half, Portsmouth    1   Carlisle   United 1. Convened
1966 World Cup: Bobby Charlton and Sir Geoff Hurst recount memories at Wembley Arena. The 1966 England World Cup is being commemorated with a commemoration of the 1966 final.
Sri Lanka v Australia: Australia all out for 161 in first Test. Sri Lanka win the first Test of the three-match series against Australia by an innings and 159 runs to secure their first win over the Baggy Greens since 1999.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of possession of ecstasy tablets worth an estimated 418,000 euro (£353,176).
Queens Park Rangers 3, Leeds United 0.Second Half ends, QPR 2-0 Leeds United   First Half ended, Queens  Park Rangers 0-0  Leeds  United  Leeds United.First half ends,  QPR  0-1 Leeds   United.QPR   1-0, Leeds  2-1  Queens Park  Rangers  First Half ends.Second half ends. QPR 1-1, Leeds 0.First Half ends QPR 0-2 Leeds United,  Leeds head coach Garry Monk: "It is obviously disappointing and not the start we wanted."But this
The latest soldiers to be dismissed include Mr Erdogan's chief military adviser, a top aide to the chief of the general staff and the defence minister's chief secretary.
NovNovak Djokovic will represent Serbia at the Rio Olympics.
'Train to Busan': Best zombie scare ever. This is coming from someone who can't even watch 'The Walking Dead'," wrote one fan on Twitter, referencing the popular US drama series.
Kanye West says he wants to work with Ikea to create furniture for interior design, for architecture. Kanye West has said he would like to create "a minimalist apartment inside of a college dorm".
A new approach to treating type-2 diabetes has been developed by researchers at GlaxoSmithKline and Verily. A new technique to hack the nerves of the body's nerves could help treat diabetes, according to a new study.Animal experiments have attached tiny silicone cuffs, containing electrodes, around a nerve and then used a power supply.
Wales: Davies has spent time at eight clubs including Yeovil and Peterborough
Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka says he is not in a rush to bring in more players. Middlesborough manager Aitor Karka says he wants to bring more players in to strengthen his side's defence ahead of the new Premier League season.
Eddie Jones names 45-man England squad for pre-season camp. Northampton's Luther Burrell, Chris Ashton of Saracens and Wasps' Danny Cipriani are notable omissions.
New incubators will be used on Wales Air Ambulance's newest helicopter. Two new incubators have been bought by NHS Wales to help manage neonates born at home or in hospital.
Lancashire v Warwickshire: Only seven overs per side possible. Only seven were possible as Lancasire remain bottom of the North Group with just two wins.
The undisclosed fee for the 20-year-old, who has 10 caps for his country
The family of Lord Janner, who died in December 2015, says the allegations against him amounted to accusations against "a corpse".The allegations relating to the former Labour peer are alleged to have taken place in children's homes and hotels between 1955 and 1988.Lord Janner was a member of the House of Lords until his death in 2015.The allegations relate to the late Labour peer, who is accused of sexual abuse of children in the 1950s and 1960s, are among 12 strands of the inquiry into child sexual abuse in the UK.The inquiry is currently looking at 13 separate claims of historical child sex abuse involving an
The head of city centre regeneration is set to receive the largest increase of 20%.
Derby County 1, Grimsby Town 0.  Derby County    1-0 Derby County Derby County 0,  Derby Town 0   First Half ends, Derby   Town 0, Derby County.Derby made the breakthrough when captain Keogh stooped at the far post to head home Craig Bryson's cross in injury time. Derby  Derby  1,   Derby City   0. Derby County goalkeeper Richard Keogh (Derby County) header from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the top centre of the goal.Corner,  Grimsby
Oldham Athletic 2, Wigan Athletic 1.Oldham Athletic    Oldham   2,  Wigan   Athletic  1. Josh Law (Wigan Athletic) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom left corner.Josh Law (Oldham  Athletic) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.Josh   Law ( Oldham A) header is saved by Oliver Banks in the top left corner of the goal. Josh  Law   Will Grigg   (Will Grigg) left foot
Chester FC 3, Dagenham and Redbridge 0. James Alabi (Chester FC).Goal!    Johnny Hunt (Dagenham & Redbridge) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.   Tom Shaw scores his second goal of the season.  Chester 1, Davenham and Rbridge 1. Tom Shaw (Chesters FC).First Half begins.Lineups are announced and players are warming up.First Half ends, Chester FC 2, Dângham & Radeb 0.James Alabi is shown a yellow card.Second Half begins Chester FC 1
Donald Trump has claimed the US presidential election is going to be rigged, saying he has heard "more and more" that the contest will be "rigged".Donald Trump has said he is "afraid" the election will be rigged.The Republican presidential candidate has claimed that the Republican primary system is rigged and that the election is "going to be taken away from us".Mr Trump has come under fire from across the political divide for his comments.
Channing Tatum to co-star with Jillian Bell in remake of '22 Jump Street'. The original film saw Tom Hanks play a man saved from drowning as a boy by a mermaid, whom he meets 20 years later.
England v Pakistan: Steven Finn recalled. Steven Finn has been recalled to the England squad for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston. England captain Alastair Cook has recalled Steven Finn to the squad for Wednesday's second Test in the series against Pakistan.
Two-year-old Hank was removed by dog wardens last month and taken for testing.A court in Belfast heard he had been assessed by an expert to be a pit.
Steven Woolfe's candidacy is in officials' hands after he missed the deadline and revealed he did not disclose a drink-driving ban when he stood to be a police commissioner.
A court in Wales has ordered a Saudi Arabian man to allow his daughter to return to Britain after she was taken to Saudi Arabia against her will.A judge has ruled that her father must allow her to return and pay the airfare by 11 September.Amina Al-Jeffery, 21, who was born and brought up in Swansea, said she had been taken to Jeddah in 2012 by her father, Mohammed, who said he did it to "save her life".Mr Justice Holman said her father had been "deprived of her liberty" and her father "must permit and facilitate the return of
Neil Wilson has been without a team since being released by Forest.
Neil Lennon was sent to the stand during last month's Europa League qualifying match against Brondby
Blackpool boss Gary Bowyer: Former Scunthorpe, Sheffield Wednesday and Preston player moves to York.
A 60-year-old man has been seriously injured in a collision with a van on the Foreglen Road in Claudy.
Angus MacDonald made 67 league appearances for Torquay after signing in 2014
Manchester United's Wayne Rooney's testimonial game will be streamed globally. Wayne Rooney will play his testimonial match against Manchester City at Old Trafford on Saturday.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced the Metropolitan Police will increase the number of armed officers in the capital by 600 to 2,800.The Metropolitan Police have long aimed to make the capital as "hostile" an environment as possible for any would-be attacker to carry out a mass-casualty attack.But if they can't stop someone attacking, the goal is to have enough armed police available to get to the scene of an atrocity quickly to minimise casualties and neutralise the threat.Sir Bernard said: "We have no intelligence that there will be an attack shortly but what we do know is what we
Britain beat the USA and Australia at Wimbledon last year
Bitfinex told the Reuters news agency on Wednesday that nearly 120,000 bitcoin were stolen from its exchange platform.All transactions on the virtual exchange have been suspended while the security breach is investigated.The hack is one of the biggest thefts in bitcoin's history and is being treated as a "major deal" by many in the virtual currency community."Unfortunately, we continue to have vulnerabilities in the form of exchanges and wallets," former Singapore-based bitcoin broker David Moskowitz told the BBC."The vulnerabilities almost always occur on the exchange or wallet side and this is an area that continues to need improvement and more secure protocols, no different than
Steven Woolfe MEP has been excluded from the final ballot for the leadership of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) after the party's National Executive Committee (NEC) voted to exclude him from the contest. UKIP's NEC has voted by a "clear majority" to exclude Mr Woolfe - previously seen as the frontrunner.The MEP said he was "extremely disappointed" by the decision, and three NEC members have quit in protest.Jonathan Arnott, Bill Etheridge, Diane James, Lisa Duffy, Phillip Broughton and Elizabeth Jones are on the ballot.The winner of the leadership contest - sparked by Mr Farage
Derby County have agreed a deal in principal but it's not signed, says Nigel Clough.
Four officers were injured when the Met's Flying Squad swooped on the men in Piccadilly at 11:25 BSTA Taser was discharged several times and the policemen were hurt as the men tried to escape on mopedsFour men have been arrested and are being held at London police stationsA Met Police spokesman said three officers suffered minor injuries and the fourth is in hospital in a serious conditionStore owner Avi Reed said the gang smashed a glass cabinet, causing more than Â£300,000 of damage,Mr Reed said police contacted them at the Chronext store earlier to warn them that there might be a
Land Landlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need to apply for a licence for a House of Multiple Occupation (HMO).
A door painted with his father's likeness has disappeared from a former Cheltenham warehouse. A door with a portrait of his father painted on it has gone missing after he refused a request by a Whitbread representative to place an advert on the warehouse door.
Holidaymakers ran and hid from presumed attackers in Platja d'Aro after people pretended to be chasing a celebrity, shouting and taking photographsThe panic turned into a stampede as bystanders mistook selfie sticks for weaponsPolice were called to the centre of the town following reports that shots had been firedVideos on social media showed children in tears as people around them cowered under tablesThe German newspaper Die Welt (in German) said that about 200 people took part in the flashmob, which was organised by several GermansThe detained women, aged between 20 and 25, were in the Costa Brava town accompanying a youth group trip
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The researchers describe a cataclysmic event in which a huge dam, dumped across the Jishi Gorge by a landslide, blocked the Yellow River for six to nine months When the dam burst, up to 16 cubic kilometres of water inundated the lowlands downstream. Less than a year later, the waters returned with a vengeance."The flood was about 300-500,000 cubic metres per second," said co-author Dr Darryl Granger, from Purdue University in the US."That's roughly equivalent to the largest flood ever measured on the Amazon river; it's among the largest known floods
The Iraq War Families Campaign Group has received enough backing to fund a legal action against key people involved in the 2003 invasion of Iraq. A campaign to bring to justice those responsible for the war and the deaths of British troops killed in Iraq has received more than £50,000 from the British public.
Five independent commissioners will provide recommendations to deal with violence against the country's indigenous women.Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett announced the inquiry at an emotional ceremony in Gatineau, Quebec.
A slide at a carnival in Swanage, Dorset, has come loose, injuring at least nine children, including three who were taken to hospital. There have been conflicting reports about the number of casualties but there was "nothing to suggest their injuries are serious".
Syrian state media says toxic gas was contained in shells that rebels have been firing at government-held areas in the divided city.Russian news agency Interfax says seven people died and more than 20 were hospitalised after Tuesday's attack.There has been no independent confirmation of the claim.It comes after reports from a rebel-held town in Idlib province that chlorine gas was dropped on it late on Monday after a Russian military helicopter had earlier been shot down nearby.
Fantastic Beasts 2: Rowling to write sequel.
The Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo will pay tribute to the Queen, who celebrated her 90th birthday this year.It will include a cast of more than 1,200 performers and over 250 pipers and drummers from around the world
Alex Pritchard agrees four-year deal at Carrow Road. Norwich City have signed former England Under-21 international AlexPritchard from Exeter City.
Sarries' Nick Tompkins was part of the England Saxons squad which secured a series win in South Africa earlier this summer
Charl Charlton Athletic sign former Bournemouth, Portsmouth and Leeds United centre-back Lee Pearce.
It was demolished in 1967, a year after the final service to London left the station.All that remains now as a reminder of the site's railway past is the clock tower, a tunnel entrance and a retaining wall.Pictures highlighting its past are on show at the Nottingham Industrial Museum for the next three weekends.The images then go on display at the Great Central Railway at Ruddington and the Victoria Shopping Centre.
Aston Villa: Suliman signed a professional deal with Aston Villa in January 2015 until 2017.
Jacob Butterfield and Jacob Olsson ruled out of Derby's pre-season match against Brighton and Hove Albion.
Jockey Michael Moore to miss Ebor Festival. Michael Moore will miss York's four-day Ebor festival, one of the biggest fixtures on the flat-racing calendar.
Carlos Ghosn said there was a need to build a "much higher awareness" of the company's products in Brazil.
Surrey Stars 6-wicket victory over Diamonds. Surrey Stars beat Diamonds by six wickets in front of a crowd of 2,250 at The Oval.
Shami Chakrabarti was appointed to lead an independent inquiry into claims of anti-Semitism in the Labour Party following the suspension of MP Naz Shah and ex-London mayor Ken Livingstone
Emmanuel-Thomas scored five goals in 15 appearances for Loftus Road last season
A foot has been found in a garden in Cranwells Park, Avon and Somerset Police said.
Worcestershire v Nottinghamshire: Will Gidman and Mitch Claydon extend last-wicket partnership to 75. Nottinghamshire all-rounder George Rhodes hits his maiden first-class half-century to help his side to a 213-6 lead over Kent in the Championship. Kent are on course for only their second Championship defeat of the season after losing six wickets on the final day of the day.
Celebrity Big Brother has removed openly gay contestant Christopher Biggins from the show.Biggins, 67, had sparked controversy four days earlier over comments that bisexual people were "the worst type".
Donald Trump has backed away from his claim that he saw a video of Iranians unloading crates of cash from a US plane in Geneva, Switzerland, at roughly the same time as four US hostages were released in a prisoner exchange.The money was paid to Iran as part of the landmark Iranian nuclear deal, but the president said it was a payment linked to the landmark Iran nuclear agreement.Mr Trump insisted on Wednesday he had seen video showing the money being delivered.His team on Thursday acknowledged this was not the case, saying Mr Trump was referring to cable news file footage of hostages being released.But Mr Trump repeated his claim at
Fire at Regent Superbowl and indoor market in Great Yarmouth.
James Milner: England midfielder leaves club after just three minutes at Euro 2016. England midfielder Jordan Milner has left the club after only three minutes in the Euro 2016 qualifiers against Moldova.
The Pink Panthers were given their name when police in London made an arrest in 2003
Alex Hales hit an unbeaten 50 on day three - his fifth in Tests - as England fought back to claim a 17-run lead with two days' play remaining.
Wigan Athletic 3, Blackburn Rovers 0: Jack Byrne, Wildschut and Grigg score as Latics extend unbeaten run. Jack Byrne (Blackburn Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by David Perkins.Jack Byrne is caught offside. Jack Byrne's shot from a difficult angle on the right is saved by Max Power in the top left corner.Assisted by Jason Lowe.Jack Burke's shot is blocked in the middle of the box. Assists by David Perkins. Nick Powell (Wigan Athletic) header from a free kick
Mansfield Town 1, Cheltenham Town 1: Mitch Rose stunner puts Stags ahead. Mitch Rose scores the opening goal of the game in the second half to give Mansfield a 1-0 lead after just four minutes as the Robins come from behind to win the match. MitchRose (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right.Foul by Daniel O'Shaughnessy (Cheltenham town).Danny Parslow is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Mitch Rose wins a free kick in the defensive
Ross County 3-3 Inverness CT: Ross County 2-3 Liam Boyce. Ross County boss Richie Foran: "We didn't deserve to win the game, we didn't even deserve to draw the game."Inverness were down to 10 men when the second goal arrived on 26 minutes.Scott Boden's shot, touched by defender Andrew Davies, was allowed to stand despite referee Andrew Dallas whistling before the ball had gone in.But Boyce replied with a towering header before a thumping shot from Ross Draper set up a frantic finale.The hosts pressed for a leveller in the final 15
Brazilian, 24, who admits using false documents to get the job, said he had been called to a meeting on 4 July, where immigration staff arrested himByron said it had been unaware workers had used fake papers until it was informed by the Home OfficeThe Home Office said that of the 35 people who were interviewed by immigration officials, 25 have since been deportedRafa said he came to the UK in May 2015 to "try his luck" at getting work, and used a false National Insurance card and a fake Italian identity card to get a job at ByronOn the morning of the raids, he said he was told to attend a
Travelers Championship: Paul Casey and Tyrone van Aswegen share the lead. Paul Casey shoots a three-under-par 67 and shares the lead with Daniel Berger, Russell Henley and Marc Leishman.
Both players could make their Rovers debut at Accrington on Saturday
Rachubka joined Bolton in September 2015, but made only eight appearances for the club before being leaving at the end of last season
Annan beat Stirling Albion by the same score line.
Belfast Pride is now one of the biggest in the city.
Argentina face 2018 World Cup qualifiers at home to Uruguay and away to Venezuela
Rochdale transfer news: Carlisle United's Michael O'Halloran released at the end of the 2015-16 campaign
An inquiry for "attempted terrorist murder" has been launched into Saturday's attack in Charleroi. The man reportedly shouted "Allahu Akbar" ("God is greatest") during the assault outside a police station.
Juventus 2-2 West Ham. Juventus beat West Ham 2-0 to reach the Europa League play-off round.
Glasgow City join Hibs in the fourth round of the SWPL Cup.
Marcos' body is currently on display in his home city of Batac.
Mignon du Preez hits a second ODI century for South Africa.
The Transocean Winner, which has diesel on board, was under tow west of Lewis when it was hit by severe storms.It became detached from the tug boat overnight, before running aground at the beach of Dalmore in the Carloway area. A semi-submersible drilling rig has come ashore at a beach on the Isle of Lewis after it snapped in heavy weather.The rig, which is being towed from Norway to Malta, has 280 metric tonnes of oil on board.The Coastguard Agency said there were no personnel on board the rig and there was no risk to life.However, coastguard personnel
Nottingham Forest manager Michel Montanier says the League Cup is the only way to qualify for the Europa League.
"As a dying man, who has been dying now for several weeks, I am only too conscious that the laws of this country make it impossible for people like me to be helped on their way, even though the family is supportive of this position and everything that needs to be done has been dealt with." "Unhappily, my body seems to be constructed in such a way that it keeps me alive in great discomfort when all I want is to be allowed to slip into a sleep, peacefully, legally and without any threat to the medical or nursing profession." "I am sure there are many others like me who having finished
A study by the London School of Economics shows that bosses' pay in 2014 was 160% larger in real terms than in 1999, whereas an average worker's salary has risen by just 10% over that time.But not everyone thinks "excessive" executive pay really matters.That reliable supplier of contrary economic views, the Adam Smith Institute, said in a blog: "Ultimately, it's hard to see the public interest argument here."The simple fact is that executive pay is almost entirely determined by social values and norms. The sense of restraint, of noblesse oblige, which characterised much of Britain's post-
Jese joins PSG from Real Madrid.
There are thought to have been as many as 200m downloads of period tracking apps worldwide.But a leading UK medical royal college has warned that women should not rely on them as a form of contraception.And privacy campaigners say users should be wary of what data they might unwittingly be sharing when they download some apps.Some apps which are more firmly pointed at conception have a clear value to advertisers - as a woman planning a baby is a potential market for prams, clothing and many other purchases.Only one such app on the market has been independently evaluated for effectiveness in this area.Generally, they are not classed as medical devices,
D-Day veteran Howard Francis awarded Legion d'honneur. A veteran who was shot in the shoulder during the Normandy landings has been awarded the Legion d honné. It was announced on the 70th anniversary of the invasion that the Legion would be awarded to all veterans.
Barclays has agreed to pay $453m (£453m) to the US authorities in connection with the Libor scandal. Barclays has reached a settlement with US authorities over allegations that some of its dealers rigged Libor rates between 2005 and 2009.
Norwich City: Kyle Lafferty charged with betting on football-related matters. Norwich City striker Kyle Loafty has been charged with breaching FA rule E8, which bars professional players from betting on the transfer of players.
Arsenal beat Notts County in the last eight on Friday
Dylan Hartley: England captain insists all the focus is on South Africa. England fly-half Tom Farrell is favourite for the Lions job in 2017 after captaining the side to nine victories in a row this year.
A reasons for this. A new survey by the charity Shelter has found that more than a third of working families in England are unable to cover their housing costs for more than one month.
NovNovak Djokovic is knocked out of the men's singles at the Rio Olympics.
Hinkley Point nuclear power station is not only the biggest project in the UK's history.It is also now the litmus test for Anglo-China relations under the new regime at Number 10.After EDF's board narrowly agreed to press ahead with the project, the UK government surprised company officials by saying it needed several weeks to consider before signing.The decision to delay is widely thought to have come from Theresa May herself, influenced by Joint Chief of Staff and outspoken critic of China's creeping influence, Nick Timothy.
Nottinghamshire have reached the final of the Lord's one-day tournament for the first time since 2010.
Derby's Andy Barker set to join Burton Albion. Derby boss Brian Clough says Derby midfielder Andy Barker is set to sign for Burton Albion after undergoing minor knee surgery. Derby's former captain Andy Barker has joined Burton Albion on a testimonial year after recovering from a knee injury.
Tanveer Ahmed, 32, from Bradford in Yorkshire, stabbed 40-year-old Asad Shah outside his store in Shawlands on 24 March.The killer was told he would serve a minimum of 27 years in prison.He had said he killed the shopkeeper because he had posted videos online in which he claimed to be a prophet.
Austin Haughwout claims he was kicked out of Central Connecticut state university over the footage.The institution says he was expelled over threats to shoot people there.
Virgin Trains on the east coast said it would run a full timetable during any strike.
St Helens Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) in Merseyside could suspend all non-essential hospital referrals for four months during the winter.
It's known as a technique called "cupping" where heated cups are placed on the skinCupping is done by lighting flammable liquid in a small glass cupOnce the flame goes out, the drop in temperature creates suction, making the cups stick to the bodyThe suction pulls the skin away from the body and is thought to improve blood flow and leaves the red marks, which usually last for a few daysThe most decorated Olympic athlete of all time, Michael Phelps, has been seen with the circles on his skin, as have various other athletesIt's not only athletes who use cupping, lots of celebrities have been
BrewDog hopes to raise up to $50m within six months to help fund expansion in North America.Plans include a new 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus, Ohio.Shares in the funding round cost $47.50 each, with a minimum investment of $95.
Two sections of the A3055 Undercliff Drive suffered landslips in February 2014, creating a three-mile detour between Niton and St Lawrence.
New Zealand bounce back from shock loss to Japan to beat Kenya. The All Blacks beat Kenya 28-5 to reach the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
Agg Aggreko has agreed to acquire Dryco in North America.Dryco specialises in moisture control, drying, heating, and cooling applications for a number of industries, including shipping, manufacturing, food processing and construction.
America Luke Richardson sent about 4,000 messages to a 14-year-old girl from Essex and met her in a hotel, Greater Manchester Police (GMP) said.
Rob McCusker joins Ospreys from London Irish on a two-year deal. Ospires sign Rob McCabe to replace Sam Underhill, who is ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury.
The rig ran aground off Lewis during a storm on Monday while being transported to Malta.
Donald Trump's off-the-cuff style of speaking during his rallies has set the presidential campaign ablaze.The Republican presidential nominee said of his Democratic opponent: "Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish the Second Amendment. By the way, and if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks."The Second Amendment enshrines the right to bear arms in the US Constitution.A man sitting behind Mr Trump as he made the remarks assumed a look of disbelief as he heard them.But Mr Trump was quick to respond, tweeting that he was referring to the political power of gun rights advocates.His campaign said
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined for taking selfies with lions in a national park in India.The images appeared to show the pair on foot during a safari in June at the Gir National Park in western Gujarat state.Jadeja, 27, was part of India's team for the recent World T20 tournament.The national park at Gir is the only place where Asiatic lions remain in the wild.The animals, which are slightly smaller than African lions, were listed as endangered in 2008.Wildlife officers say they will submit a final inquiry report to their superiors soon.A.P Singh
There were 3,511 marriages registered in 2015 compared with 3,499 in 2014.
Cardiff boss Neil Trollope says Fabio Da Silva is closing in on a Premier League return with Middlesbrough.
Portsmouth news: Vincent Linganzi signs short-term deal. Portsmouth sign midfielder Vincent Langanzi and goalkeeper Liam O'Brien on one-month deals.
Catalans Dragons have announced the retirement of former NRL and Kangaroos hooker Adam Mason. Former Australian international Adam Mason has announced his retirement from Super League after suffering ankle and avulsion fracture and knee injuries.
Dundart has agreed personal terms and passed his medical at Birmingham.
Helen Helen Richardson-Walsh scores twice in the second quarter to give Great Britain a 2-0 lead at half-time.Sophie Bray then won a scramble in front of goal to knock home GB's third.
The Flybe passenger aircraft was flying at about 900ft (275m) and was about 2 miles (3km) from Cornwall Airport Newquay when it happened
Northern Ireland's first minister Arlene Foster has said she is asking the Conservative government to close the gate on the border with the EU.
The woman driver of the minibus and the male driver were taken to Bangor's Ysbyty Gwynedd
Russia said its bombers had targeted an arms depot, a chemical weapons factory and.
Keogh commits to Rams for the next three years.
Alistair Spagnoletti, 21, of Luton, and Curtis Walker, 23, of Watford, pleaded guilty to controlling a child at Harrow Crown Court
Lewis Coaches is the third bus company in Wales to collapse in the past two months.
There will be 60 different activities and the bog snorkelling takes place on 28 August.
Dundrod 150 Superbike race: Michael Dunlop secures pole on BMW Superbike. Ulster Grand Prix race meeting: Superstock (6 laps), Supersport Race 1 (6 rounds), Ultralightweight/Lightweight (5 laps), UGP Superbike Race (7 laps)
Wydad and Zesco will qualify for the semi-finals of Africa's premier club football competition.Wydad, coached by Wales-born former Real Madrid manager John Toshack, want to get back on the winning trail in Rabat.
Rio 2016: Liam Donnelly beats Zohir Kedache of Algeria in his opening fight at Riocentro
Peter Sutcliffe was convicted of 13 murders and seven attempted murders and given 20 life sentences.
Jason Bryden: James and John Clark jailed for 22 years. Two brothers have been jailed for at least 22 years after they were found guilty of murdering a man who was attacked with a samurai sword and nunchucks during an illegal raid on his home in Kilmarnock. A man has been jailed after he was attacked by two brothers who were planning to rob him of a gold bracelet in exchange for drugs.The pair, who were high on drink and drugs, went to his home after masking their faces with scarves and arming themselves with a knife and martial arts nunchuck.The victim, Jason Bry
"I'm very worried - I don't believe political parties should touch or handle in any way a completed ballot paper
The album, currently untitled, will be released in the autumn by Motown Records
Kadiza Sultana and her two travelling companions were part of a surge of young British Muslims heading out to Syria to join so-called IS in a movement that peaked more than a year ago.Today the surge has turned to barely a trickle.The latest UK Government counter-terrorism strategy report puts the number of Britons who reached Syria at about 850 - although unofficial estimates are higher.Of those, about 125 are believed to have been killed, either by air strikes or by fighting on the ground, and about 400 are thought to have returned to Britain.
The line between Oxford and Didcot Parkway was closed for 16 days while flood prevention work took place.
Manchester United sign Adnan Januzaj on loan from Borussia Dortmund. Manchester United have signed Manchester United winger AdnanJanuzaj for a £5.5m fee this week.
El Shehaby was roundly booed by the crowd after refusing to shake Sasson's hand.
Fox News Channel and Fox Business Network chief executives Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine have been named chief executive and executive vice-president respectively.Fox News Channel chief executive Roger Ailes stepped down in July after a series of sexual harassment allegations against him by female news presenters.Fox News plays a prominent role in US election coverage.The channel's more conservative tone is popular among many Republican voters.Mr Murdoch has taken over the role of Fox News CEO and executive chairman.
Cardiff council's Labour group said it was "willing to take the lead from public opinion on this issue".The Mayor for Cardiff campaign was launched earlier this year with a budget of more than Â£20,000.Daran Hill, from the campaign, said at the time that an elected mayor was a "new, fresh idea" that could "energise the people of Cardiff".There are currently 17 directly-elected mayors in England with more on the way, but there are none in Wales.Mr Govier claimed the Cardiff Capital Region City Deal - a funding package agreed between UK, Welsh and local government worth
Chester Lloyd will not feature for Chester in Saturday's game at Maidstone
Media playback is not supported on this device
Great Britain win team pursuit gold in world record time. Bradley Wiggins, Steven Burke and Ed Clancy beat the world champions.
Katie Ledecky: Katie Carlin adds 800m freestyle silver to Olympic medal. Katie Carli becomes the first Welsh female swimmer to win two medals at one Olympic Games.
Blackpool 0, Wycombe Wanderers 0: Andy Taylor curling just over from 20 yards. Andy Taylor came close to the opening goal after five minutes, but Blackpool were denied by the woodwork in the first half as Michael Harriman's looping 20-yard strike came back off the crossbar. Blackpool goalkeeper Sam Slocombe makes a fine save to deny Brad Potts from 12 yards in the opening half, but the Seasiders were denied a winner in the second half by Wycombe goalkeeper Jamal Blackman.Blackpool 0-0 Wycombe Wolves:  Andy Taylor comes close to opening goal
Hartlepool United 1, Notts County 2: Jon Stead rescues a point. Jon Stead scores a late equaliser to rescue a 1-1 draw at the Northern Gas and Power Stadium after Louis Lang cancelled out Toto Nsiala's opener.Jon Stead scores the equaliser with 14 minutes remaining to earn a point at the end of an entertaining first half for the Magpies as they beat Notts Counties 2-1 at the Stadium of Light. Hartlepool    1,  Notts  County   2.   Jon Stead   scores a last-g
Rio 2016: Schooling wins 100m butterfly gold in final. Joseph Schooling of Singapore wins the 100m individual medley gold in the final of the men's 200m butterfly at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro. Schooling won in an Olympic record time of 50.39 seconds.
London 2012: Shaunae Rutherford jumps 7.90m to go through as 10th of 12 qualifiers. Olympic long jump champion Shaunae Murrell is through to the final of the men's long jump at the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Britain's first woman ever to win a trampolining medal at the Olympics.
Video assistant referee takes 30 seconds to review a challenge. The technology is being trialled at New York Red Bulls' stadium.
Cherries news: Gary Caldwell praises Gary MacDonald.
Usain Bolt cruises through to semi-finals of the men's 100m in Rio. Jamaican Bolt cruised through in the first heat of the 100m at the Rio Olympics as American rival Justin Gatlin qualified fastest in 10.01.
Fidel Castro and Elizabeth II: Key moments in the lives of two of the world's most recognisable figures. Fidel Castro was born on 13 August to a wealthy sugar farmer from Spain who had settled in the Cuban town of Biran. The Queen was born in London slightly earlier, on 21 April, as the first child of Albert, Duke of York, and his wife, formerly Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon.
Devon and Cornwall Police said a team of search officers are continuing their efforts to trace Gergana.
A altercation broke out between two men inside a fast food outlet about 00:35 BST on Sunday
A man has died after setting fire to a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen and stabbing passengers in the attack on Saturday, police say. A man who set fire to the train and stabbed passengers on Saturday has died, Swiss police say.
Jairo Medina, 62, a professional carer from Chelsea, was found early on Friday morning by a person walking by who then called the police
Rio 2016: Jessica Ennis-Hill hints at retirement after narrowly losing heptathlon title to Nafissatou Thiam. Olympic gold medallist Jessenia Minichiello says it might be time for him to "be selfish" should he decide to step down as he coach.
Olympic 2012: Becky James and Katy Marchant in women's sprint quarter-finals. Manxman Mark Cavendish begins his Olympic campaign with a hard-fought sixth-placed finish in the scratch race, after Denmark's Lasse Norman Hansen, the London 2012 Olympic champion, and Roger Kluge take the top two spots by gaining a lap on the field.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Darya Klishina: Court of Arbitration for Sport overturns IAAF ban on Russia's long jump athlete. The IAAF has overturned a blanket ban on Russian athletes for doping by governing body the IAAF.
Louisiana floods: More than 20,000 people rescued. Thousands of homes were flooded and destroyed in Louisiana and along the Gulf coast. The worst-affected areas are the Louisiana capital, Baton Rouge, and the city of New Orleans.
Damian Piotrowski died in the crash on Great Northern Road near to its junction with Clifton Road at about 12:00 on Saturday.
Five people were on board the Griffin helicopter when it made what the Ministry of Defence called a "precautionary landing" on Yr Aran in Snowdonia on 9 August.
My daughter received her AS results this morning which were disappointing. She got Bs in the two subjects she sat, with her other two subjects coming under the new rules where she simply takes her A-level in those two subjects next year.She is predicted an A* in English and 2s at A- level but wonders what the impact of the AS B grades will have. She was hoping to study English at Durham. Her father wants her to resit the year, change schools or just give up which is totally over the top.With only a few days to secure a university place or take an alternative path, good advice
The German Bundesbank says Berlin should consider raising the retirement age to 67 by 2060, from around 65 at the moment.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will "rebuild and transform Britain's transport system".
A baby has been diagnosed with tonsillitis after he regurgitated a plastic angel in his oesophagus, the BBC has learned. A baby in the UK has had to be operated on after regurgitating a tiny plastic angel, measuring almost 2cm [0.7in], in his throat.
Clare Jones made 41 league appearances for the Clarets last season
Liverpool 5-4 Burton: Jurgen Klopp's side beat Burton. Liverpool beat Burton 4-3 at the Pirelli Stadium to keep their unbeaten start to the season intact. Liverpool manager Jurgens Klopp: "We needed to use this game and that's what we did and it was better."Burton manager Nigel Clough: "It's difficult for our lads to compete with that sort of quality.
Wolverhampton Wanderers 2, Cambridge United 1: Helder Costa and Jed Wallace score twice as Wolves beat League Two's bottom side. Wolverhamton Wanderers beat Cambridge United 2-1 with a second half goal from Jed Wallace and a penalty saved by Cambridge United goalkeeper Will Norris. Jón Dadi Bödvarsson scored the opening goal of the season with a header from the left side of the six yard box before Jed Wallace added a second seven minutes later.Jed Wallace scored his first goal for the club and set up Jed Wallace with a cross to set him up for the second goal seven minutes
Ex Exeter City 1, Hull City 2. Adama Diomande (Hull City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick.Foul by Ahmed Elmohamady   Hull City    Foul by Greg Olley   Hull City  1, Exeter  City  2. Jake Taylor (Exeter City) from a free kick with a left footed
Jack Marriott (Luton Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.Corner,  Luton Town.Conceded by Alex Mowatt.Leeds United wins a free kick in the attacking half.Pelly Ruddock wins a header from the right wing, but it is saved by Jack Marriott.Lennon Ramsey (Lincoln City) header from outside the box misses to the right.Lenny Pinnock (Rotherham United) header is saved from the left wing.Lellan Ramsey    (Lrugby Town) header
A case can be filed against men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds.
LauraLaura Trott and Jason Kenny are the first British couple to win Olympic golds in the same sport. Laura Trott has won Olympic gold in the velodrome at Manchester's Sportcity, while Jason Kenny has won four golds from three Olympic Games. "Laura is a really sweet 20-something. She likes getting dressed up, she dreams of Mulberry bags and Prada shoes. She's a girly girl, so I can talk make-up and clothes to her. It's such a treat - having had two sons, I've had years of remote-control cars and standing out in the rain, and
Chronic pain is caused partly by a person's genetic make-up and partly by as-yet-unidentified risk factors shared by partners in the same environment.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said she is determined that every child must have the same opportunities and an equal chance to succeed.
The CM11 armoured vehicle carrying five soldiers was returning to base when it fell into the Wangsha river in Pingtung county in the south of the country.The driver and tank captain survived. The drill was part of preparations for next week's annual Han Kuang military exercise.
If found guilty the owner, who has not been named, faces a minimum £300 fine and six points on their licence
World Canoeing Championships: Martin Walz wins gold in the men's 10,000m canoeing event. Michael Walz of Germany wins the world canoeing championships after powering through to win a time of three minutes 31.447 seconds.
Derbyshire sign Shiv Thakor for three years. Batsman Godleman, 27, has signed a two-year contract, while Shivthakor, 22, has agreed a three-year deal.
A wheelchair user has been refused a taxi to a concert in Wales because she was in a wheelchair.Barbara Stensland, 43, from Cardiff, went to Carmarthen on 5 August.When she tried to get a taxi from the railway station to the venue, less than one mile (1.6km) away, she was refused.Carmarthenshire council's senior licensing officer, Justin Power, said: "We will investigate this matter and take any necessary steps."She said: 'I went to the first taxi in the queue outside the station, I told him where I wanted to go
Almost 3,000 cases were diagnosed in the capital out of a total of 5,042 in the country
The government has confirmed that the communications infrastructure which links smart meters to energy suppliers will now not be ready until the autumn.The system was due to be switched on on Wednesday.But the Department of Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) now says that has been delayed until next month at the earliest.It was originally expected to be operational in 2015. That was put back a year until April 2016 and then further delayed until this August.As recently as last month, the government told the BBC that the DCC would go live on 17 August.But this latest setback has consequences for any of those households that want
Norwich were relegated from the Premier League last season. Norwich manager Neil Warnock says his side deserved to win at Ipswich Town.
Warwickshire beat Essex by nine wickets to reach the Lord's final. Tom Westley made 61 for Essex and Ryan ten Doeschate was last to go for 50 as they were all out for 213.
Bristol City are in the market for a centre-half, according to manager Steve Johnson.
HullClucas scored six goals in 52 appearances last season as Hull won promotion from the Championship
Patrick Maloney, 43, died as a result of "multiple crushing injuries" after he was hit by a vehicle
A second foot was found in a garden of a property in Weston Park in July, and another in nearby Cranwells Park two weeks ago
Great Great Britain will not go to the Rio Olympics, according to manager Gareth Southgate.Sampson, who led England to a bronze medal at the 2015 World Cup, described the situation as "frustrating".
Inverness manager John Christie calls for five home-grown players in every match squad. Former Celtic boss John Christie says he would like to see a minimum of five players from his club's youth set-up included in every squad.
Trevor O'Neill was shot outside a supermarket in Majorca just after 21:00 local time on Wednesday, Irish national broadcaster RTÃ‰ reports.
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has accused The Guardian and Australian Broadcasting Corp. (ABC) of "trivialising" allegations relating to treatment of asylum seekers.
The first industrial action of its kind in the North Sea in nearly 30 years has been put on hold for fresh talks between Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions.
Wick Joint Campus is being constructed to replace Wick High School and Pulteneytown and South primaries.
Somerset v Hampshire: Harlequins bowled out for 207 by Jack Leach. Somerset bowlers bowled Hampshire batsman James Vince for a third-ball duck as the visitors struggled to 92-4.
The hosts lost opener Chris Dent for a duck in the fourth over.
A jigsaw fan has been left with four holes in a 33,600-piece puzzle after it fell into a handbag or got stuck on a granny's cardigan.
Mold Moldovan weightlifter Serghei Artykov has been provisionally suspended for failing a drug test.
The man's bike was struck by a lorry at 17:15
Pompey's Ryan Holland will go into Steve Davis's squad for Saturday's League Two trip to Newport County.
Gennady Golovkin: Kell Brook will jump two weight divisions to fight undisputed world middleweight champion. Kell Brook is bidding to succeed where domestic rival Amir Khan failed.
Swansea City FC: American owners in talks with council over expansion plans. Swansea City's American owners are in talks over increasing capacity at the Liberty Stadium.
Glass Butter Beach has been cancelled due to "extremely severe weather conditions".
Avni Metra, 53, came to Britain in 1998, one year after he killed two brothers in his native Albania.
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years and eight months for sexually assaulting a child under 13.
"They were lucky to come to rest on a sandbank.
Ryan had a partner and a young son who will have to continue their lives without him.
Can you identify the genuine F1 drivers from the imposters?
Bradford City 1, Oldham Athletic 1.Oldham go in front in the fifth minute when Marc Klok delivers a free-kick from the right to the far post, where unchallenged defender Peter Clarke scored with a downward header.Bradford dominated the rest of the opening period as the visitors' defence survived a series of narrow escapes.Keeper Connor Ripley made a brilliant one-handed save to deny winger Mark Marshall, Timothee Dieng and Josh Cullen both had shots deflected for corners, and Billy Clarke missed a good chance when he turned James Meredith's cross wide.Oldham somehow held their lead until
Marcus Rashford celebrates after scoring Manchester United's late winner at the KCOM StadiumMarcus Rashford's winner was the climax to a performance of persistence and intelligence from the visitors, who changed tack several times before eventually breaking down HullRashford scored the winner in the 86th minute to give Manchester United a 1-0 win over Hull at the King Power Stadium.Media playback is not supported on this device "The Hull players are good players, and good people. They are determined and earned the right to be at this level. They worked hard for 12 months to be here."We have six points from nine and that
Arsenal 3-3 Watford: Arsene Wenger's Gunners beat Watford 3-0. Arsenal's impressive first-half performance earned them three points against Watford at the Emirates.
The Staffordshire bull terrier is one of the four breeds banned under the Dangerous Dogs Act 1991, which was introduced by the Conservative government in 1991.The act makes it an offence for an owner to allow any dog "to be dangerously out of control".The dog is like a human being almost. If you treat it badly, if you train it to do bad things... if you torment it, it will become aggressive.
Chierika Ukogu is the first athlete to represent Nigeria in a rowing event at the Olympics.The 23-year-old crowdfunded her way to Rio to compete in the women's single sculls, but finished 20th in the finals last Saturday.
Joe Joyce, Anthony Joshua, Richie Woodhall and Steve Bunce take a look at the decisions facing Great Britain's 2016 Olympians. Joe Joyce is the oldest male fighter in the British squad. He is also a part-time model and unsuccessfully auditioned for a role in the James Bond film, Spectre.He is most suited to turn pro out of the 12 in the GB squad at this time."He's very intelligent, he's experienced different things, you can see he is a really solid athlete. He has got people eating out of his hand."Joyce, 30, is quietly spoken to the cameras but
Football: Four national football associations could not agree on sending a British women's team to the Rio Games. England's Football Association had put forward the idea of sending women's teams to the Olympics, but the ruling bodies in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were against it.
Kezia Dugdale has said she will vote for Owen Smith in the Scottish Labour Party leadership contest. Scottish Labour MSP Kezias Dugdale says she will back Owen Smith for the leadership of the party, despite saying she does not think Jeremy Corbyn is the right person for the job. Scottish Labor leader KezIA Dugdale is backing Owen Smith to be the next leader of the Labour Party in Scotland, after she said she did not believe Jeremy Corbyn could unite the party and win a general election.She said: "Owen Smith gets my vote. I believe Owen can unite our party, and move us
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has been accused of trying to isolate and ostracise Sinn Féin member Conor McGinn from the community in south Armagh.
One person died when a car, a van pulling a trailer and a lorry crashed between junctions 10 and 10a
Basingstoke Town FC chairman Raffi Razzak has apologised, blaming a wi-fi receiver picking up the frequencies of the radio systems of taxis.
Syngenta's shares fell to about 20% below that because of concerns that CFIUS would not clear the deal. However, now competition authorities elsewhere are expected to give the deal the go-ahead.
US singer Barbra Streisand has asked Apple to change the pronunciation of her name to "StreiZAND" in a new update to its Siri virtual assistant.The singer complained the virtual assistant was pronouncing her surname wrong.
Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart will be in England's squad for next month's World Cup qualifier with Slovakia, says Sam Allardyce. Manchester City keeper Joe Hart has been told he can leave the Premier League club if he wants to, says England manager Sam England.
Robert Kerr, 39, inflicted 76 wounds on 39-year-old Xin Xin Liu at their home in Newton Mearns, East Renfrewshire.The Crown accepted his plea to culpable homicide on the grounds of diminished responsibility after it emerged he suffered "an abnormality of the mind".Kerr will remain at the State Hospital under an interim compulsion order.The court heard that Xin Xin had moved to Scotland from China around 15 years ago to study law at Aberdeen University.It was there she met Kerr, who was completing a computer course.Kerr was latterly a lecturer at West College Scotland in Pa
Guernsey's first ever cup match forced to a replay with a 2-2 draw. The Green Lions, hosting the first ever Cup match on the island, forced the preliminary qualifying round tie to a second replay.
"Although Braunschweig District Court has issued injunctions obliging the suppliers to resume deliveries,.
Ethiopia's Oromo runner Feyisa Feyisa has crossed the finish line at the Rio Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in a protest against the government's crackdown on anti-government protests.Oromo athlete Feyisa is being described by some as the bravest Olympian at the Games for his protest.He says he may be killed if he goes home but Ethiopia's government says he will be welcomed as a hero.However, state media is not showing photos of him crossing the line.There has been a wave of protests in Ethiopia in recent months over a series of frustrations, including attempts by the
Knaresborough station to be made watertight.
Chris Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to indecent assaults on boys aged under 16 and inciting them to commit acts of gross indecency.He is currently serving a 13-year jail term for sexual assaults against 24 victims aged nine to 16.
US stocks fall as oil prices fall on signs of rising supplies. Investors are cautious ahead of the annual meeting of central bankers later this week.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte's sponsorship of Speedo ends. Speedo, the biggest sponsor of the swimmer, said it would not renew its sponsorship of the US Olympic and Paralympic gold medallist after he lied about being robbed at gunpoint by a policeman after a night out during the Rio Olympics.US swimmer Lochte, a 12-time Olympic medalist, has earned millions of dollars through endorsements.US swimming legend Ryan Lochate's sponsorship with Speedo has ended after he admitted to lying to police about his drunken behaviour during the Olympics.The swimmer's behaviour has been met with disdain
Damien 'Dee' Fennell made an application to Belfast Crown Court to amend his conditions so he could go to Co Donegal for a week.
Morecambe boss Steve Bentley says Kevin Ellison is a credit to himself and his family.
Stormont officials have refused to give any details citing confidentiality.Homeowners will not face bills until at least March 2017, after MLAs ruled to defer charges.Instead, the executive pays the cost of Â£280m a year to NI Water.Further legislation is expected to extend the policy.However, the decision could mean that the authorities are not complying with European rules on water quality.The EU Water Framework Directive envisages that users should pay for their water to promote conservation.Officials in Northern Ireland make the case that people do that through their regional rate.Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK not to
A suicide bombing on a wedding in the Turkish city of Gaziantep has killed at least 54 people and wounded more than 100 others, the Turkish government says.The suicide bomber, who is believed to be between 12 and 14 years old, blew himself up at a wedding party in the city, which was attended by a large number of women and children.More victims of the blast are being identified and our correspondent says the wave of bombings in Turkey could intensify as the country becomes ever more embroiled in the Syrian war.Turkey's long-time position has been that President Bashar al-Assad must be ousted as a condition for
Edward Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Cherbury was a poet, socialite and philosopher.
Negotiations over who will run the £200m Metrobus network have stalled as bus companies are reluctant to run the service on a completely commercial basis. Metrobus admits public subsidies might now have to be used to entice firms on board.
Electric Dreams will be a standalone piece, adapted by a team of authors which also includes Masters of Sex's Michael Dinner and Outlander's Ronald D Moore.The 10-part Channel 4 and Sony Pictures Television series, based on Dick's short stories, will star Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston.The new writers were revealed at a dinner ahead of the Edinburgh International Television Festival.
Isle of Man's beaches are the tidiest in Europe, according to a new government grant. A £1,000 grant has been awarded to a volunteer organisation which co-ordinates weekly beach clean-up operations.
The zoo's Twitter account was continuously flooded with references to Harambe before it was erased on Tuesday.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) has warned that some low and middle-income countries, including African countries where the HIV burden is high, are not yet geared up for the challenge of increasing access to HIV diagnostic services.They warn that United Nation targets for HIV could be missed as a result.
Kofi Annan, the former UN secretary general, has been tasked with taking a fresh look at the issues as head of nine-member commission. His report could just add to the mountain of papers written about Rakhine and the Rohingya, or it just might be a game-changer. It's a significant shift. For the first time, the Burmese government is seeking international expertise to try and solve one of the country's most complex problems. For years, the official mantra has been that "no foreigner can possibly understand Rakhine's problems".But the formation of this advisory commission is something
Bay TV, based in Toxteth, was set up as part of a government initiative.
If you live in Wales, yes. If you turn 16 between 1 October and the end of February, you can leave at the start of the Christmas holidays in Wales.If you don't get your results by text, email or in the post, but it's still a good idea to go to your school or college on results day.
Northampton General Hospital has apologised for the incident and said it had learned from the error.
James Faulkner took his first ODI hat-trick in Sri Lanka on Sunday as he dismissed Kusal Perera with the final ball of the 46th over.
Ipswich hedgehog officer: Alexandra North wins £24,000-a-year role with Suffolk Wildlife Trust. A zoology graduate from Swindon has been appointed as Suffolk's dedicated hedgehog-friendly town officer.
Huddersfield Town's youngest ever scorer at 16 years and 271 days.
Belgium's Gianni Meersman wins the Vuelta and Tour de France in the same day. Belgium's Belgian Gianni meersman sprints to victory to become the first man in 38 years to win both the Tour and Vuelta at the same time, while Darwin Atapuma retains his overall lead despite being caught behind the crash.
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its actions against several US companies including Apple, Starbucks, and Amazon. It argued penalties for these firms could have broader repercussions for cross-border taxation.
The adaptation will be based on the critically-acclaimed first book in the Noughts and Crosses series, set in a dystopian society where black people are the ruling class
Hamdi Alqudsi, 42, was found guilty of violating Australia's foreign incursion laws for making travel arrangements for a group of would-be jihadists in 2013.
Pavlina Pizova said she and Ondrej Petr began hiking the Routeburn track in Fiordland National Park on 26 July, but got lost in bad conditions.After one night in the open, Petr, 27, slipped in a steep ice slope and died. A Czech hiker who went missing in the New Zealand bush for more than a month has been found alive after she and her partner got lost on a hiking trail. She said she spent the night with his body before moving on to find shelter.She then stayed in a hut for almost a month.She later reached Lake Mackenzie
Manx Grand Prix: Michael Dunlop fastest in Classic TT practice. Michael Dunlap has posted the quickest lap of the Classic TT session so far.
People with a DNA variation in a gene called PDSS2 tend to drink fewer cups of coffee, a study carried out at the University of Edinburgh has found.It suggests the gene reduces cell ability to break down caffeine.This causes it to stay in the body for longer and means those with the gene get the same caffeine hit through less coffee.One scientist working on the project said it suggests the "drive to drink coffee may be embedded in our genes".
The ban came into effect at the end of May and has led to the closure of more than 100 shops in London, the Home Office has said.A further 24 shops have been closed down altogether, while police have also arrested 186 alleged offenders.The drugs have been linked to 444 deaths since 2010, including two brothers from Scotland.William McGough, 30, was in the grip of an addiction to the drugs when he drowned in a river in Wick, Scotland, in 2013.Then, in May, the body of his brother Simon, 37, was found next to a packet of the psychoactive substances.Their sister
Nine of Wales' 22 councils had taken part in the Syrian refugee settlement programme up to the end of June.
The drilling rig was destined for a yard in Turkey to be decommissioned when a towline broke and it ran aground on Lewis
Russian President Vladimir Putin said the country would hold special competitions for banned Paralympic athletes, with the winners awarded the same prizes as in Rio
Paul O'Donovan and Shane O'Driscoll will compete against Cassells and Scrimgeour in Saturday's lightweight pairs final.
Dingwall FC: John Chow leaves first professional club Wigan Athletic after four years.
Champions League: Leicester City, Arsenal and Tottenham drawn in Group C. Premier League champions Leicester will play Porto, Club Brugge and FC Copenhagen in their debut campaign.
Chelsea sign Eduardo from Genoa. Chelsea have signed Eduardo to replace Thibaut Courtois and Asmir Begovic.
Exeter's former scrum-half is suing the club for alleged clinical negligence over a concussion injuryExeter's ex-scrum-half Jamie Willis is suing Exeter and the club's medical staff and doctors for alleged negligence over his head injury. Willis, who has been out of action for two months, suffered a suspected concussion in a game against Wasps on Saturday. Willis is a former Scrum-Half for Exeter, who had been off the field for two weeks, suffering a suspected concussed head injury Willis, 26, has been ruled fit to return to the field of play.
West Hammers boss Slaven Bilic says he is not going to lose faith in his players.
Lancashire need to play better cricket for last three matches: Giles. The Red Rose sit fourth in the table after 12 County Championship matches, 17 points above second-from-bottom Hampshire.
Italy earthquake: Prime Minister pledges €50m for rebuilding. Italy's Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has pledged â‚¬50m (Â£42m) in funds for rebuilding after a 6.2-magnitude quake killed more than 200 people in central Italy.Italy's prime minister has pledged €50 million in funds to rebuild the devastated towns of Amatrice, Arquata, Accumoli and Pescara del Tronto after a magnitude-4.7 tremor struck early on Friday.At least 268 people are now known to have died and 400 were injured.
A study at the University of Dundee will test whether electronic cigarettes are better for blood vessel function compared to traditional cigarettes.
Five men died after falling into deep channels of water between sand-bars at Camber Sands in East Sussex. Five men have died after being swept away by rip currents while swimming in the sea at a beach in Camber, East Sussex.Rother District Council said the temporary RNLI lifeguard service would "reassure the public and advise on safety" at the East Sussex beach.It follows the deaths on Wednesday of the five men in their teens and 20s from south-east London.The men who died have been named by police as:Last month, 19-year-old Brazilian Gustavo Silva Da
Roman Seleznev, who is the son of a Russian MP, will be sentenced on 2 December and faces a mandatory jail term of four years.The jury in the trial found him guilty on 38 out of 40 charges including fraud and ID theft.Prosecutors called him "one of the most prolific credit card thieves in history".
Chelsea's Diego Costa and Manchester United's Juan Mata are recalled to Spain's Euro 2016 squad.
Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for any future Brexit deal to be put to Britain's devolved legislatures, saying he would set up an advisory group on the issue. Wales' deputy First Minister David Davies has said he does not think the National Assembly for Wales could be re-run in the event of a second referendum on Brexit. Wales's deputy first minister, David Davies, has said it would be "hugely challenging" for the assembly to win a second Brexit referendum if it were to be held today.
Janet Yellen said the US economy was nearing the Federal Reserve's statutory goals of maximum employment and price stability.
More than 1,000 drivers and engineers were set to stage the walkout on Bank Holiday Monday.
Robert Gray, 60, from Bearsden, submitted a string of false VAT returns to HM Revenue and Customs between October 2011 and August 2013
Ad Adelie Ireland, which took over The Bite Group last year, has now gone into administration.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he does not think Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale should be jeered during a leadership debate.A section of the audience laughed when Owen Smith - who is challenging Mr Corbyn for the Labour leadership - said Ms Dugdale was doing a "brilliant job".Ms Dugdale, who was not at the debate, has backed Mr Smith's campaign for the leadership
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Derbyshire who died as a result of head injuries.
Brexit: Lord O'Donnell told the Times it would take Parliament "years and years and years" to separate fully from Brussels.He said he did not think the EU would make the radical changes needed for the UK to remain a member.
It looks like a right dog's dinner - check out this clip.
Belgian Grand Prix: Lewis Hamilton fastest of silver cars. Lewis Hamilton is fastest of the silver cars, despite a mistake-strewn final lap on a weekend when penalties mean he will start from the back. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton was the fastest in the final practice session at Spa-Francorchamps on Saturday, despite his team-mate Nico Rosberg's engine penalties.
Lord's T20 Blast: Yorkshire all out for 236 by Stuart Meaker. Yorkshire's run-chase was undermined by a three-wicket burst in nine balls. Yorkshire lose to Surrey by three wickets in the final over at Lord's in their T20 semi-final.
A man has been stabbed at a gig in Glasgow's Gorbals after being involved in an altercation with a man who then led to a fight in which he was stabbed.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
Female officers will be able to wear a headscarf under their caps or berets, provided it is plain and is the same colour as the uniform.
Chinese nationals illegally living in Spain reportedly paid the ring €8,000 ($8,960; £6,820) each to obtain fake contracts as domestic workersIn return they were given residency permits to work in Barcelona."They would return to Barcelona once they obtained a residency permit to work […].
Eurobasket 2012: GB overhauled by Netherlands. Great Britain lose 71-60 to the Netherlands in their final warm-up match before their qualifying campaign begins in Hungary in midweek. Britain are beaten by the Netherlands, who were led by 18 points from Worthy De Jong.
British player Laura Robson qualifies for US Open with wildcard. British tennis: British number one Laura Robston qualifies for the US Open on a wildcard into the main draw. British number two Laura Robrson has won her first tournament since the age of 14 - capturing the ITF title in Landisville, Pennsylvania - but has lost virtually three years of her career - but yet she is still armed with a devastating forehand. She has won only one tour level match since her return - and that came against an unranked Moroccan teenager in the first round of the WTA event in Rabat.
Five things you should know about Oliver Burke. Oliver Burke is not only far from your stereotypical winger, he is no ordinary 19-year-old footballer.
US Open 2017: Johanna Konta to face Bethanie Mattek-Sands in first night match. Johanna Jonta is among the first players scheduled to play on day one of the US Open main draw on Monday, while Britain's Kyle Edmund is among six Britons scheduled for day two. Britain's Jelena Ostapenko will play Czech Lukas Rosol in the opening night match at around 02:00 BST on Monday.
Ryder Cup: Rickie Fowler misses out on automatic place for USA. Overnight leader Rickie Reed fails to secure automatic Ryder Cup place after carding a three-over round of 74 at the PGA Championship.
Wales 4, Moldova 0. Gareth Bale (Wales) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved by Andrian Cascaval (Moldova) after a foul in the penalty area.Hal Robson-Kanu tries a through ball, but Andy King is caught offside.Offside, Wales.Second Half ends, Wales 2-0 Moldova. Wales 3-1 Moldova  Wales  Wales 4-0  Moldova Wales 2 - Moldova 2 Wales 4 - Wales 4  Wales 3 - Wales 2  Wales 1 - Wales 1 Wales 0  Wales 0 - Mold
The British Medical Association (BMA) said GPs were being forced to see as many as 60 patients a day.It called for more funding to allow GPs to spend at least 15 minutes with each patient.The BMA, which published a report on "safe working in general practice" earlier this month, called for a reorganisation.
Tidal energy specialist Nova Innovation said this was the first offshore tidal array in the world to deliver electricity to the grid.
Flooding in Gorleston and nearby Bradwell.
At least 290 people were killed and hundreds more injured when the 6.2-magnitude quake struck in.
World Gravy Wrestling Championships at the Rose 'N' Bowl in Stacksteads, Lancashire
Four women were celebrating on the River Dart, Devon, on Saturday when the vessel became stuck in mud as the tide went out.
Motherwell striker Burke becomes most expensive Scottish player. Motherwell winger James McGovern says he has a good chance of becoming a very, very good player after joining RB Leipzig from Nottingham Forest for £13m.
Glasgow double sculls gold medallist Katie Grainger says the "discipline" of karate appealed to her when she was at Bearsden Academy. Grainger, 40, was involved in many different sports before taking up rowing, but she credits the enduring influence of her karate instructor and school art teacher, Mr Davis, for her success. She won Olympic gold at London 2012, following silver medals at Sydney, Athens and Beijing.
A woman was attacked in the Seagate area, near Dundee bus station, at about 22:30 on Sunday.
Paris Saint-Germain owner Frank McCourt agrees to sell Marseille. Marseille's billionaire owner, Margarita Louis-Dreyfus, has agreed to sell the club following poor results and protests from fans.
EpiPen: Mylan to launch cheaper generic version. Mylan said it expected to start selling a generic version of its EpiPens in several weeks at a list price of $300 (Â£230). US drugmaker Mylan is to launch a cheaper generic alternative to its popular epiPen allergy treatment, which has been the subject of criticism for its steep price hikes. The company said the generic version would be identical to the branded version, which costs $600 for two doses.
Thomas Jackson, 30, of Congleton, Cheshire, was injured as he tried to help Mia Ayliffe-Chung, 20, in the attack at a hostel in Townsville, Queensland, last week.Mr Jackson's father Les said: "We are bereft. Our darling Tom has left us and the world is a poorer place."There is dark and evil in this world perpetrated by a few, but so much more love and light emanates from so many more. That thought will sustain us over the coming days."The backpacker suffered head injuries as he went to the aid of Ms A
Michoacan: Mexico's failed state?
Hebridean Sea Salt will have its product stocked in Sainbury's 360 UK stores.
A new working group will be set up to try to reach a conclusion on the final route design for the proposed cycle route.
ARM is a company "at the heart of the ecosystem of modern technologies", Lord Myners said.
ID Systems is looking to create the new jobs in the Glasgow and Lanarkshire areas as part of an expansion drive.The company, which already employs 80 staff, is looking.
Jonathan Kodjia: Aston Villa sign Bristol City striker. Aston Villa have announced the signing of Bristol City forward Jonathan Koljia for a club-record fee of £10m.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said Wales had a "tremendous platform" to build on as the UK prepared to leave the EU.
The Transport for London (TfL) trial follows the success of its "Baby on board" badge for pregnant women.
Alzheimer's drug study hints it halts memory decline. A new drug that slows the progress of Alzheimer's disease may be on the horizon, according to new research. The drug, aducanumab, is still in the early stages of development, but a study in Nature has shown it is safe.
Last week's news that Nigeria's Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, wants all new recruits to the country's police force to undergo a lie detector test cannot have been an April fool's joke as it's now the end of August.A police statement stated clearly that the "polygraph test is aimed at ensuring that candidates are not of questionable character", and that new police officers should "conform to acceptable standards necessary for an ideal police officer the Nigerian people deserve".Just what sort of questions would be set for the future cops is not clear, but the move is innovative and opens up all manner of possibilities on the African
Finding Dory took another £1.51m, bringing its total UK takings so far to £35.8m.
University Hospital Coventry is undergoing remedial work because its structures "were not as robust" as originally planned.
Crayfish are considered a key indicator of the health of our rivers.But numbers have been in sharp decline since the introduction of North American signal crayfish to Britain in the 1980s.The invasive species spread widely, out-competing native populations for food and infecting them with a deadly plague.Some fear the species could die out completely by 2030.The re-introduction project at Cynrig Hatchery, near Brecon, was designed as a "stop-gap" measure to avoid a total wipe-out in Wales.With help from local charity the Wye and Usk Foundation, the re
Donald Trump has called Mexico an enemy of the US, but on Wednesday he said Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto was his friend.The Republican has seen his poll ratings slip since the party conventions last month.Both nationally and in key states, he trails Hillary Clinton, who enjoys particularly strong support among minorities.His Democratic rival Hillary Clinton said not bringing it up was a sign of cowardice.It turns out Trump didn't just choke, he got beat in the room and lied about it," she tweeted.Donald Trump's Hispanic voter 'doomsday''Me gustan los tacos!': A Spanish phrasebook for Trump's visit
Nigeria has seen two consecutive quarters of declining growth, the usual definition of recession. Its vital oil industry has been hit by weaker global prices.
Syrian refugees in Derry have spent the last three months settling in to their new lives. A total of 98 refugees have now arrived in Northern Ireland since the conflict.
Karen Karen Gillan has been cast in the reboot of Jumanji.The former Doctor Who actress, from Inverness, joins US stars Kevin Hart, Jack Black and Dwayne Johnson, aka The Rock, in the new production.In posts on Instagram, Hart and Johnson welcomed Gillan, who studied drama at Eden Court in
Renfrewshire at the bottom of the Scottish Index of Multiple Deprivation (SIMD).
The school estate review will look at the viability and provision of the existing four Roman Catholic schools in the Borders.A report to its executive committee seeks approval to get the process under way during this school year.The local authority is carrying out the review against a background of "ongoing financial challenges".However, it stressed that it was not simply about making savings but also delivering benefits.But what are some of the key issues to be addressed?
Turkey is a sovereign state, it is a legitimate state. To suggest it is on a par with a terrorist organisation and suggest there are talks between them, that a deal has been reached between them Turkey's EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik
England ODI squad: Eoin Morgan (Middlesex), Moeen Ali (Worcestershire), Sam Billings (Kent), Jos Buttler (Lancashire), Alex Hales (Nottinghamshire), Chris Jordan (Sussex), Liam Plunkett (Yorkshire).
The iguana appears to have made his home at the top of the tree and, despite taking the occasional day trip, has so far evaded capture.
Liam Keane: Manchester United striker returns from injury. Liam Keane has returned from injury to make his first appearance for Manchester United since joining the U's on a free in May 2015.
Sri Lanka's former president is charged with allowing a private firm to establish a floating armoury. It is claimed the move deprived the state of more than $75m.
Cardiff's Techniquest was already told it could lose the government cash by 2019 but it has now been given more time to make new plans.
Zoe Tynan died after being hit by a train at West Allerton station in Merseyside on Tuesday.
South Africa's new travel tech revolution. The prevalence of smartphones and high-speed internet has opened up a wealth of new sightseeing options, as local trip organisers reach out to a wider audience.
Kashket scored one goal in 22 appearances for the O's
Caterpillar's Northern Ireland business employs 1,800 people and mainly makes diesel generators. The firm has been hit by a global downturn in mining and oil exploration which has reduced demand for its products.
The Electoral Reform Society attacked both sides of the referendum campaign, saying people felt "ill-informed" by the "dire" debate.The society said the impact of political leaders had been "minimal".It called for a "root and branch" review of the way referendums are run.Recommendations made by the society in its report include having a public body intervene when "misleading" claims are made by campaigns.
League One: West Bromwich Albion sign centre-back Jake Cooper from Yeovil Town.
Australian author Richard Clarke Neville died in the coastal town of Byron Bay in New South Wales state surrounded by family.
Hays said it had seen "no evidence" of any impact of the vote in markets outside the UK.
Arriva Trains Wales faced criticism over "unacceptable" queues at central station during the Rugby World Cup
Gourmet Burger Kitchen to open 10 to 15 more burger restaurants a year in the UK. Famous Brands has signed a £120m deal to buy the chain from Nando's owner, Capricorn Ventures.
US-based golf course designers Mike Keiser, Bill Coore and Todd Warnock have proposed creating the course at Coul Links, near Dornoch.
Carvers from Scotland, England, Ireland as well as continental Europe, Canada and the US regularly enter the competition
The British Transport Police said the move was a "proportionate response" in the face of a mounting terrorism threat.
Former pupils of a Northern Ireland primary school have been awarded compensation under the Northern Ireland Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme.The Department of Justice confirmed the payments after a Freedom of Information request from the Belfast Telegraph.The DoJ has received eight claims so far, three of which have been settled.However, the department would not disclose how much money has been paid out to the former Holy Cross pupils, in order to protect their identities.It told the newspaper this level of detail was "exempt from disclosure" under the Freedom Of Information Act and would "contravene the first principle of the Data Protection Act".
Royal Mail has released a new set of stamps to mark the anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket has been destroyed in an explosion. The Amos-6 satellite that was lost in the explosion is just one spacecraft in a very long line of platforms that have contracts to fly on the Falcon. It was due to send up the first 10 spacecraft in its new constellation of satellites on a Falcon later this month.The rocket was on its way to the International Space Station (ISS) when the explosion took place, and the Amos 6 satellite was to be the first to be launched from the launch pad.The Amos 6 was to have been the first satellite in the new constellation to be sent up on a
Needham Market FC were heading to Folkestone when they hit a jam on the M20 in Kent on Saturday.
Devon and Cornwall Gulls boss Kevin Nicholson says he will not be getting any money from the sale of Shane O'Kane to Cherries.
Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust has 285 full-time vacancies across three sites, which cover Surrey and Berkshire.The high cost of living in the south of England is said to be a factor affecting recruitment.
A former head teacher has been banned from teaching indefinitely after allegations of misconduct.
The Kosi, known as the sorrow of Bihar flooded in 2008, displacing tens of thousands of people in Nepal and India.The Kosi is a tributary of the Kosi which flows down from Nepal into India to meet the Ganges.A recent study has shown Tibet topping the list of places across the globe that has experienced an increase in water.Mining and dam construction in the Tibetan plateau have further fuelled concerns in downstream countries.In the absence of early warnings from Tibet, water-related disasters can cause human and property losses downstream in Bhutan, Nepal, India and potentially Bangladesh.One recent event took
Killie have announced the termination of their loan period at Rugby Park by mutual consent.
"I released the bird back to the wild where he belongs straight away."
Marcel Lazar, known online as "Guccifer", pleaded guilty in May on charges of aggravated identify theft and unauthorised access of a computer.
Makayah McDermott and Rozanne Cooper died after the car crashed in Penge, south-east London on Wednesday. A 17-year-old man has been remanded in custody to appear at the Old Bailey on 30 September after being charged with two counts of causing death by dangerous driving.
A study of more than 500 patients found that there was no improvement in the quality of life of patients after one week of whole brain radiotherapy.
Two 16-year-olds, three men aged 19, 20 and 21, and a 15-year old boy were arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs.
Uzbekistan is the most populous Central Asian country and has the largest army. Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 82.
The Chainsmokers go top with Closer, the DJ duo's collaboration with US singer Halsey.
Brock Turner, 21, who was a swimming champion, assaulted the woman outside a Stanford University fraternity house.He was freed from the Santa Clara County Main Jail in San Jose, California, after serving three months.Inmates in California typically serve 50% of their sentences before release.Turner, who left the jail without commenting to journalists, apparently intends to return to Ohio to live with his parents.Under the terms of his release, he faces three years of supervised probation and will be registered as a sex offender for the rest of his life.The local sheriff's office in Ohio said Turner would be treated "no differently
Exiles takeover by California-based group. Welsh Rugby Club have announced the arrival of a new owner after a winding-up petition was dismissed by the High Court.
A separate charge says that on 24 August, Mr Maxwell had a quantity of cannabis in his possession with intent to supply. He will appear again in court on Monday, 5 September.
Juno captured the data last weekend as it made its first close approach to the planet since going into orbit in JulyThe flyby took the spacecraft just 4,200km above Jupiter's multi-coloured atmosphereThe 6MB of data downlinked to Earth from the encounter is still being analysed, but principal investigator Scott Bolton said new things were already obvious."First glimpse of Jupiter's north pole, and it looks like nothing we have seen or imagined before. It's bluer in colour up there than other parts of the planet, and there are a lot of storms."There is no sign of the latitudinal bands or zones and belts that
Forest owner Fawaz Al-Hasawi said he had turned down an offer from Premier League side Norwich for the forward.Assombalonga, who missed much of the 2015-16 season with a serious knee injury, has scored 19 goals in 39 games for Championship side Forest.
Lancashire v Somerset: Match called off after an inspection at 12:25 BST.
Team Sky riders Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish are among eight medallists from the 2016 Olympic Games to be involved in this year's Tour of Britain.Owain Doull, who won team pursuit gold with GB in Rio, will also race.
Will Miller (Wolverhampton Wanderers) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner.Jón Dadi Bödvarsson (Burton Albion) wins a free kick on the right wing.Foul by Kyle McFadzean.Conor Coady is shown the yellow card.   Second Half ends, Wolverhampton  Wanderers 1, Burton Albion 1.Will Miller   (West Bromwich Albion) header from the left wing is saved in the middle of the goal by Carl Ikeme.Jóhannes Oniangue (W
Chris Chris Wood (Leeds United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Alex Mowatt.Foul by Chris Löwe (Huddersfield Town) is shown the yellow card.Delay in matchChris Wood, Chris Løwe, Chris Hogg, Chris Wood, Liam Bridcutt, Tommy Smith, Aaron Mooy, Tom Huddlestone, Samir Nasri, Tom Lawrence, Sam Vokes, Sam Byram, Sam Powell, Jack Wood, Tom Forshaw, Liam Fletcher, Liam Forshaw.Chris Wood (leeds
Charlton Athletic 2, Fleetwood Town 2: Novak rescues late equaliser. Lee Novak (Charlton Athletic) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is saved in the top right corner.Foul by Jason Pearce (Charlpton Athletic).Foul, Charlton A.C.    Fleetwood  Town 2,  Charlton  Athletic 2. Charlton's on-loan Burnley striker Chris Long netted his third goal in as many league games in the fourth minute as he rocketed the ball past Declan Rudd from distance. Charlton goalkeeper Chris Neal twice made fingert
Barnet 1, Mansfield Town 0: Malvind Akinde breaks the deadlock. Barnet    1,  Mansfield   Town   0 : Malinde scores his first Barnet goal to give the Bees a 1-0 lead after 57 minutes.Malinde celebrates after scoring the opening goal for Barnet against Mansfield.Malvind Akpa-Akpro (Barnet) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal by Alex Iacovitti.Malindi celebrates after netting his first goal for  Barnet. Malind
Liverpool 4-1 Leicester City: Roberto Firmino, Adam Lallana and Sadio Mane seal win for Reds. Liverpool's Mohamed Salah celebrates after scoring his first goal of the season with a header in the second half as the Reds beat Leicester to move seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table.Media playback is not supported on this device Liverpool 3-1 at Leicester City "It was a tough game against a really strong opponent. This team is really capable of a lot of exciting things.
Dover Athletic 4, Forest Green Rovers 3.Ricky Miller (Dover Athletic) converts the penalty with a second-half penalty.  Dover Athletic 2, Forest green Rovers 1.  Kentish Town 1, Dover Athletic 0.  Forest green rovers 0, Kentish town 0. Kentishtown 0, Dover athletic 0.First Half begins.First half begins.  River Rovers 0 Dover Athletic 1, Forest Black Rovers 2.  Rovers equalise through Rhys Murphy.Rory Miller (Forest Rovers) is shown the yellow card.Second Half begins Dover Athletic 3,
Claudia Claudia Winkleman has left the BBC's film show Claudia on Film 2016.The presenter succeeded Jonathan Ross as host of the revamped weekly show and said leaving "wasn't an easy decision".Winkleman, who also co-hosts Saturday night show Strictly Come Dancing, said the show "simply deserves someone who can give it their all".She added that she would miss film critic Danny Leigh, who presents the show alongside her, and the team behind the show.Mark Bell, BBC head of arts commissioning, said: "We've loved having Claudia onFilm 2016 and I'd like to thank her
Manchester United's Europa League squad: David de Gea, Sergio Romero, Sam Johnstone, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo, Chris Smalling, Luke Shaw, Timothy Fosu-Mensah
Christopher Huxtable, 34, from Swansea, had been missing since the collapse in February.
A memorial stone has been unveiled in the French village of Guillemont to commemorate the 863 men who died during the Battle of the Somme.
New England manager Sam Allardyce takes charge of his first game after predecessor Roy Hodgson resigned in the immediate aftermath of the humiliating last-16 exit at the hands of Iceland in France.Allardyce, 61, starts England's campaign to reach the World Cup in Russia in 2018 with an opening qualifier against a side that held them to a damaging goalless draw in the Euros - and wants to deliver a morale-boosting opening result here.
Tour of Britain: Andre Greipel wins 100.5-mile stage from Glasgow to Castle Douglas. Team Sky's Mark Cavendish crashes on a tight corner close to the finish in the Tour de Britain.
Theresa May has been trying to reassure the world that the UK is still 'bold' but 'dependable', 'outward looking' and a bastion of free trade.She has done that in private sessions with several leaders and a press conference with President Obama.But very frank words from the United States, Japan and Donald Tusk, the President of the European Council, will steal plenty of the headlines instead.Remember she was an advocate, albeit a pretty quiet one, of staying in the EU in the first place, with the economy one of her main concerns.And perhaps dealing with public expressions of sentiments that have been
Brazilians have become worried that many of the gains made in the first 10 years of Workers Party rule could be lost, albeit one carried out by politicians rather than generals.That is certainly how Dilma Rousseff herself sees things after a vote in the country's senate triggered her dismissal over charges that she illegally manipulated government accounts to hide the scale of the budget deficit.For Ms Rousseff the experience was not as physically painful as the torture and abuse she suffered as a prisoner under the former dictatorship, but she felt just as keenly a sense of injustice and abuse of power.She described the removal of a democratically elected leader as "a
Hong Kong's Asian migrant workers have called on the government to accept their demands for a rise in the minimum wage for foreign domestic workers.They also called for a pay rise, a limit on working hours and better accommodation.
Charles Howden, 64 and Fiona Stanley, 59, both from Newtongrange, were killed when their Triumph Bonneville motorcycle collided with a white BMW car.
Almost half a million people have had to leave work for medical reasons within five years before they were due to retire, according to research by the TUC.
Angela Merkel's popularity has plummeted in Germany after the country's right-wing AfD party came second in a state election. Germany's chancellor Angela Merkel has suffered a humiliating defeat in a regional election in her home state of Mecklenburg-West Pomerania, with the far-right Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD) coming second in the vote. Angela Merkel and her refugee policy have been at the centre of a political crisis in Germany, with voters angry at her handling of the refugee crisis and her refusal to limit the number of refugees and migrants entering the country.The CDU is in coalition
UK services data shows biggest month-on-month rise in the survey's history. UK services activity recorded the biggest monthly rise in a decade in August, according to a survey of purchasing managers' index. The UK's economy is expected to remain in recession later this year, but some analysts think the data indicates the UK might avoid recession.
East of England Euro-MP Richard Howitt to become chief executive of IIRC.
Llanberis Mountain Rescue was called out a record 43 times to Wales and England's highest peak in August - an increase it called "unsustainable".
A collision between Earth and an embryonic planet like Mercury could provide the answer.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan: 'We had a bunch of lads who could deal with the stress'. Scotland's early lead had gone, the sides were level at 1-1 and the frailties at the heart of their defence were evident again, but it was a revealing one. Scotland manager Glenn Hoddle: "It was a crisis," said the Scotland manager, earnestly. "We had to deal with it, we had to cope with it and we did," he said.Scotland had enjoyed 72.5% possession in that opening half and their dominance of the ball wasn't reflected in
Gloucestershire v Glamorgan: Nick Selman scores 101 off 144 balls in first-class cricket. Gloucesterhire beat Glamorans by 220 runs to take their first-innings lead of the season to 10 runs at the start of the second day of the County Championship match at Cardiff.
Kent need to win and hope Essex slip up against Glamorgan next week. Kent's first-innings total means they can take no more than 20 points from the game against Northants.
A judge has dismissed the claims of a schoolgirl that Paul Frew linked her name to anti-social behaviour via a social media post.The North Antrim MLA said he had never meant to harass the girl.
Australia is thought to be the only country to systematically record whether employees had asked for a pay rise, and why they had or had not done so.
The Levada Centre surveys political opinion among Russian people.Its director, Lev Gudkov, said the move, which comes two weeks before parliamentary elections, amounted to "political censorship".Laws require all NGOs receiving any overseas funding to register as foreign agents.
Britain First members could have broken an injunction which banned members from entering any mosque in England and Wales.
Ceredigion council plans to auction the site of former Ysgol Dyffryn Teifi in Llandysul.
Crispr-Cas9 is a DNA cutting and pasting system scientists have borrowed from nature.Bacteria use it to protect themselves against foreign DNA from viruses.Scientists have already begun using it in the lab to target and cut out faulty DNA in human cells that cause illnesses.But it is not without risks.While effective, the editing process is less than perfect and can cut out too much DNA.These unwanted or "off-target" edits could alter other important genes, inadvertently triggering cancer, for example.Dr Chris Lord, a gene expert at the Institute of Cancer Research, said: ""The key to translating this technique into
With 500 million consumers, the European market accounts for 73% of the UK's agri-food exports, including 40% of Scottish lamb.
Albert Kelly has been dropped for Hull KR's Qualifiers game against London. Hull KR have dropped stand-off Albert Kelly for their Qualifiers match against London.
Derby County 0, Ipswich Town 1: Bartosz bialkowski makes three good saves to keep Derby out. Derby County 1-1 Ipswich in the Premier League. Nick Blackman (Ipswich Town) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.Foul by Craig Bryson.Brett Pitman (Derby County) is shown the yellow card.Bryson (IPSL) wins a free kick on the right wing.Nick Blackman is shown a yellow card for handball.Bryan Bryson (Skipper) is given a red card for
Phyllis Schlafly, who was an outspoken opponent of feminism and abortion, has died at the age of 89. She is credited with creating the political climate that helped Ronald Reagan become president.
Al-Muhajiroun leader Anwar Al-Choudary has been jailed for 20 years for supporting Islamic State (IS) in the UK and abroad, a judge has said.The judge, who described Choudary as calculating and dangerous, passed the same sentence on his confidant Mohammed Mizanur Rahman, 33.Both men were also sentenced to a notification order lasting 15 years, which requires them to tell police if details such as their address change.The trial heard the pair also used speeches to urge support for IS, which is also known as Daesh, after it declared a caliphate in the summer
Ofgem said there were 3.8 million switches in the first six months of the year.This was the second six months in a row that the switching total broke three million, and was nearly one million higher than the first half of 2015.
Firefighters were called to the Westmorland Shopping Centre in Kendal just after 08:00 BST.
"Prevent Suicide - Northeast Scotland" is a mental health app developed by Choose Life in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire.
A total of 112 high street banks have closed since July 2015 - with a further 33 due to close their doors within the coming months, according to a new report.The research covered Bank of Scotland, Barclays, Clydesdale, Royal Bank Of Scotland, Santander and TSB-branded banks across the country.All the banks said the closures reflected changing customer habits.The bank's director, Mike Moran, said: "We'll still offer cash transactions, both to pay money in and take money out, but we'll also have digital capabilities so we'll have broadband connections, wifi connections on the mobile branch and we
Mike Peters, lead singer of The Alarm, is encouraging US congressmen and senators to 'Get On The List' on Capitol Hill.
Joseph Pilates dedicated his life to refining the system of physical exercises he created whilst detained at the Knockaloe camp near Peel.Pilates spent about three and a half years interned at the camp, which was designed to hold about 23,000 people.Organisers recreated that figure for the one-off 45-minute class.A spokeswoman said the class had been inspired by seeing a postcard depicting internees putting on a Pilates display, just.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced it will release land at 13 military sites for 12,000 new homes by 2020.The sites include an RAF base, barracks, ex-World War Two airfields and a chaplaincy centre.They also include two golf courses at RAF Henlow and Southwick Park in Hampshire.The land at Venning and Parsons Barracks are the only sites that will not have housing built on them, as they will be used for commercial development at the request of Telford and Wrekin Council.
Jerusalem's Second Temple was destroyed by the Romans in 70 AD during a Jewish rebellion.
Dil Dilma Rousseff leaves the presidential palace in Brasilia after being impeached by the Senate.She denies wrongdoing and has dismissed her impeachment as a "coup d'etat".Brazilian television showed Ms Rousseff walking out of the presidential residence surrounded by former ministers and Congressmen from her Workers' Party.Supporter Cecilia Monteir, 56, said she was "very, very sad, feeling like the country will be left a bit orphaned".On her arrival she was greeted by more well-wishers.
Chatsworth Gardens' Lilas', by Dame Zaha, was originally created for the Serpentine Gallery at Kensington Gardens
South Africa election: Solly Msimanga says no more luxury cars will be bought. South Africa's new mayor says he will not allow public money to be spent on luxury cars while his people struggle for services‚ houses and jobs.
Dom Bess: Somerset bowler takes 6-28 on his County Championship debut. Somerset's 19-year-old Dom has the best figures by a Somerset debutant for 55 years.
It was originally hoped the Queensferry Crossing could open by December 2016.However, it was announced in June that this deadline now could not be met due to high winds forcing work.
Aston Villa: Steve Cowans retires after 18 years working for club. Aston Villa have announced the retirement of former England striker Steve "Sid" Cowans from the club's backroom staff.Cowans had three spells as a Villa player and after ending his career at Burnley, joined the staff in 1998.
A woman has admitted being the owner of a dog that was so dangerously out of control that it attacked a woman and a man in Aberdeen.Part of Stacey Findlay's ear was torn off. A woman who set her dog on a woman after the two women started arguing in February last year has been remanded in custody.
Education Secretary Kirsty Williams told university bosses they have a "responsibility as stewards of community, city and country", at a speech in Cardiff.The Conservatives said she had offered some "nuggets of wisdom" but was "exaggerating a sense of crisis".The referendum showed "notions of togetherness" were "perhaps weaker than we imagined", she warned academics.She suggested the existence of much of what is taken for granted in modern life might not be as secure as many people believe.The victories that help bend the arc of history towards progress - feminism, opening up access to education, civility in our
The Bank of England Governor Mark Carney has said he is "absolutely comfortable" with the Bank's decision to cut interest rates to 0.25% and pump billions of pounds into the economy.The Bank was criticised by Brexit supporters for saying the economy would be hit from a vote to leave the EU.But Mr Carney said the bank's decisions had so far been "validated".The "extraordinary preparations" made by the Bank "cushioned" the economy and will help the UK "make a success of Brexit", he told MPs on the Treasury Select Committee.
The panther chameleon had to be put down after X-rays showed all of its legs were broken and it had a deformed spine
African governments and commercial online services are vulnerable to cyber criminals, who have the potential to disrupt critical infrastructure, according to a 2016 McAfee report.The measures have not only been implemented in countries known for strict media controls, but are also being introduced in democracies such as Kenya and South Africa.
Mexico's Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has been replaced by the current Minister of Social Development, Jose Antonio Meade.
Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif help Pakistan to 136-2. Pakistan reach their target inside 15 overs to beat England by nine wickets in the final T20 at Old Trafford. England lose by nine runs to Pakistan in the last T20 of their tour of Pakistan. Pakistan's captain Sarfraz Ahmed celebrates after scoring a half-century against England in the T20 World Cup. England's captain Eoin Morgan celebrates after his team's defeat by Pakistan in a thrilling T20 in Manchester.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met at the Asean summit in Laos, the White House says.The pair exchanged "pleasantries" in a "brief discussion" before dinner, a White House official said. The US president and the Philippines' Rodrigo Duterte are said to have had a brief meeting at a dinner in Laos.
The number of calls from suicidal children in Northern Ireland has almost doubled from the total five years ago, according to Childline Northern Ireland.The charity said it carried out a total of 349 counselling sessions with children at risk of suicide in 2015/16.
Robin Hood and Maid Marian to marry in Nottingham. Robin Hood, also known as Tim Pollard, appropriately met Sally Chappell at a banquet at the city's.
The Palestinian High Court in Ramallah has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Palestinian Authority said on Thursday.The polls would have been the first electoral contest between the rival Fatah and Hamas movements for 10 years.Their delay was ordered after lists of candidates for Fatah, which dominates the.
Statins reduce the build-up of fatty plaques that lead to blockages in blood vesselsThe review also suggests side effects such as muscle pain do occur, although in relatively few peopleBut critics say healthy people are unnecessarily taking medication.According to the report authors:The Lancet review, led by Prof Rory Collins from the Clinical Trial Service Unit at the University of Oxford, looked at the available evidence for the effects of taking an average 40mg daily dose of statins in 10,000 patients over five yearsIt suggested cholesterol levels would be lowered enough to prevent 1,000 "major cardiovascular events" such as heart attacks, strokes and coronary
Nicholas Serota has already delivered on Tate's "potential". He's talking about an institution that has developed - on his watch - from a well respected but modestly visited gallery in Pimlico to an international art megabrand boasting the most visited museum of modern art in the world (Tate Modern), two hugely popular regional galleries, a country-wide network of partnerships and a lending programme that sees Tate's collection of British art presented in major museums from Beijing to Boston.
Sellafield Ltd says the site is safe and has been improved with significant investment in recent years.The BBC investigation was prompted by a whistle-blower - a former senior manager who was worried by conditions at the plant.
Fufa admits it owes coach Sredojevic and says paying him is a priority.
Nasa has launched a sample-return mission to asteroid Bennu, which is a so-called "B-type" asteroid.The probe, dubbed Osiris-Rex, blasted away from Florida on an Atlas rocket at 19:05 local time (00:05 BST).It will be seven years before it returns to Earth with its bounty.This will be delivered in a capsule that will be parachuted down to the Utah desert on 24 September 2023.It is not the first such sample return mission - the Japanese brought back a tiny amount of dust from asteroid Itokawa in 2010.But the Americans hope to acquire considerably
The fruit is still attached to the plant and is not yet ripe enough to eat.
Belarus' neighbours Russia are banned from the Games following state-sponsored dopingA hero has appeared amongst us," said Maria Zakharova, a spokeswoman for Russia's Foreign MinistryThe official, identified by Russian media as Andrei Fomochkin, has had his accreditation for Rio cancelled by the IPCIPC head of media Craig Spence said: "I'd like to thank the media for ensuring there was a picture of the individual on Twitter pretty quickly"It's seen as a political protest because he carried a Russian flag when he's in the Belarus delegation, and when you've got the president of the Belarus National Paralymp
Duminda Silva was found guilty with four others of shooting dead Bharatha Lakshman Premachandra and three of his supporters during local elections in Colombo in 2011.
A two-year-old black and white cat named Patch died following a suspected poisoning in Bro Dulas, Llanidloes
The pensioner was found by her son when he arrived to visit her in Townhill Road, Hamilton, on Sunday morning.Police said she had been unable to get up from the floor or call for help after a man forced his way into her home.
Aberfan disaster: Remembering, Forgetting and Moving On. A conference has been held in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of a coal waste tip sliding on to the village school and 18 homes in Aberfan, Merthyr Tydfil, on 21 October 1966. Survivors of the Aberfan school disaster have spoken out for the first time in public about what happened to them at the scene of the disaster. Survivors from the village of Aberfan have spoken at a conference in Cardiff.Aberfan disaster survivor Gaynor Gaynor, who was one of the first survivors to survive the disaster, has spoken out
Rio Olympics: IOC president Bach treated as witness, not suspect. Rio Olympic president Thomas Bach is being treated as a witness and not a suspect in a corruption investigation, Brazilian police say.
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has said that the explosion of a SpaceX rocket was the most complicated in the company's history.He tweeted that the engines weren't on and there was "no apparent heat source".The rocket's payload, a satellite on which Facebook had leased capacity, was destroyed in the explosion last week.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Dean Cox: Orient striker terminates contract. Dean Cox has terminated his contract with Leyton Orient and cannot join another EFL side until January. Orient striker Dean Cox says he will have to sit it out for four months before he can play again for the club.
Lee committing his future to us is a big boost for everybody and a sensible decision from the boy."
Sir Harry Burns is to chair the review, which will consult NHS staff and patients to ensure targets and performance indicators are producing the best results for patients.
"I am seriously considering emigrating to Australia, Jamaica or the US," says Faye Jones.The 32-year-old PA from Wokingham jumps every time there's a knock at the door and tiptoes around neighbours who might call the police.Her crime? Five years ago, Faye was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and after suffering from the side effects of prescribed drugs, she now uses cannabis to ease her pain, nausea and inflammation.In the UK, where cannabis is a Class B drug, police can issue warnings or on-the-spot fines for possession of a small amount,
Stephen McKee, now 25, was jailed for murdering west Belfast greengrocer Harry Holland in September 2007.The 65-year-old was stabbed in the head with a screwdriver near his Norfolk Drive home.McKee, who pleaded guilty, was told he would serve at least 12 years of.
Reinhard Heydrich, one of the architects of the Final Solution, was assassinated by British-trained Czech and Slovak troops in May 1942.It was an operation which was so audacious in its planning and execution that it inspired John Martin from Mold, Flintshire, to research the topic.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero's absence makes Manchester City "unpredictable".
Glasgow Warriors: Hogg, Sarto, Dunbar, Johnson, Seymour, Horne, Pyrgos, Reid, Brown, Puafisi, Swinson, Gray, Harley, Favaro, Wilson.Replacements: Flynn (for Brown, 68), Allan (for Reid, 68).
BBC Scotland's most recognisable voicesBBC Scotland director Ken MacQuarrieRobbie, explaining his broadcasting philosophy, said: "I like to think that I am broadcasting to a lady in the top tenement in Glasgow at […].
Nottinghamshire drop into Division Two. Nottinghamshire have been relegated from the Championship after losing their penultimate fixture to Middlesex.
Two pupils from Cambridge have been charged with stealing artefacts of special cultural importance during a school visit to Auschwitz.
A Muslim man who was married to the brother-in-law of one of the suicide bombers who attacked London on 7 July 2005 has decided to speak publicly for the first time, because he wants to help in efforts to prevent radicalisation.A Muslim man from Dewsbury says he is "disgusted" by the actions of his brother- in-law, who killed himself and six others when he detonated a bomb on a Circle Line underground train near Edgware Road, and says he believes there need to be more English-speaking imams and counter-terrorism workers in the Muslim community to help stop radicalisation
Morecambe 2-2 Cambridge United: Jack Dunn and Paul Mullin equalise. Jack Dunn (Morecambe) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.Foul by Dean Winnard (Cambridge United).Foul, Morecambi.Substitution, Morecrambe.Adam McGurk (Cambridgeshire United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Uche Ikpeazu (Ucbridge United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Dean Winnard is given a yellow card after a foul on Adam McGur
Michael Harriman (Wycombe Wanderers) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.Corner, Stevenage.Conceded by Charlie Lee.Daniel Rowe (Stevenage) header from the right wing is saved by Jamie Jones in the centre of goal. Corner, Wycombe  Wanderers.Michael Cowan-Hall is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Jobi McAnuff replaces Tom Pett.Dan Rowe replaces Sam Wood.Michael Tonge (Stevenages) header is blocked in the box by Dayle Southwell.Cor
Firefighters are struggling to bring the blaze under control. A further 70 people are reported to have been injured in the blaze.
A torpedo was found in the Solent in Portsmouth harbour on Friday afternoon.
Nama sold its entire Northern Ireland portfolio to Cerberus, a US investment fund, in 2014.
Great North City Games: Laura Muir wins one-mile race. Great North Run champion Laura Moir wins the women's 150m race in Newcastle.Great North Run runner-up Mo Farah celebrates after winning the men's 100m in a photo finish with fellow Briton Chijindu Ujah at the Newcastle City Games.Media playback is not supported on this device
Sukhjit Singh, from Derby, was found dead in his bed while on holiday in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh.His wife Ramandeep Kaur Mann is facing charges of plotting the killing with his childhood friend Gurpeet Singh.
The house of Pietro's owner collapsed as a result of the quake.
Cotton Cotton has played 17 first-class matches since his debut in 2014
Rio 2016 Paralympics: Algeria's goalball team missing Israel match. The Algerian team is due to play Israel in the opening match of the Paralympic football tournament in Rio on Friday. The Algeria team has not yet turned up for their match against Israel at the Rio 2016 Games in Rio, the International Paralympical Committee (IPC) has said.
Kell Kell Brook will have an operation on his right eye after suffering an eye injury during his fight against Gennady Golovkin on Saturday.Brook, 30, who moved up two weight divisions to face the unbeaten middleweight champion, will have. By AFP Kell Brook is set to have an eye operation in the next few days after suffering a right eye injury in his fight with Gennadiy Golovkins on Saturday, a promoter has said.
Claire Lomas, from Leicestershire, was paralysed from the chest down in a riding accident in 2007.She broke her neck, back and ribs and punctured a lung when her horse threw her off as she took part in the Osberton Horse Trials in Nottinghamshire.Mrs Lomas has no feeling below her chest and used a ReWalk robotic exoskeleton.
A man has been left with a serious facial injury after being attacked in a pub in Partick.The attacker fled via a side entrance and CCTV showed him heading down Dumbarton Road towards the city centre.
They want to talk to people who were in the club or in the immediate area on Saturday night or early Sunday morning and witnessed the disturbance.
Paralympics 2014: Lauren Rowles and Laurence Whiteley win double sculls and mixed coxed four. Great Britain claim a third gold medal with the trunk-and-arms mixed doubles and the men's C1-5 team claim sprint gold.
Salford owner says he has not made his mind up to walk away from Super League club. Super League owner Sam Koukash has said he is working hard to make sure the club is financially viable for next season.
Catalonia independence referendum: 540,000 people rally in Barcelona. Thousands of people have rallied in Barcelona to call for Catalonia to hold an independence referendum on Sunday. Catalonia has consistently blocked attempts to hold a referendum on secession.
Stoke City: Joe Smith 'being scouted by Championship clubs'. Stoke City defender Joe Smith is being watched by several Championship clubs, according to manager Mark Smurthwaite. Joe Smith has established himself in the Vale first team under Bruno Ribeiro.
The 2016 Hyundai Mercury Music Prize takes place at the Hammersmith Apollo on Thursday, 15 September.
VW cars which are three years old, or have done 36,000 miles, are typically worth 42.21% of their original value, the magazine said.
The victim is in a stable condition in the Royal Sussex County Hospital.
A man has been jailed for nearly 50 minutes after he refused to stop for police units, avoided stop sticks deployed to try and burst his tyres and asked police to stop following him.He was known to only have a provisional driving licence and so was followed.
A former Cardiff councillor has put forward a petition calling on the Welsh Government to change the name of Cardiff Airport.
Tyson Fury and WBA, IBF and WBO heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko have agreed to face each other in a rematch at the Manchester Arena in October. Tyson Fury has agreed to fight WBA and IBF heavyweight world champion Wlitschko II in October after being charged with a doping offence.Tyson Fury and his cousin Hughie Fury will face off in a heavyweight rematch at Manchester Arena on October.I'm enjoying being the challenger. It has been a great experience for me and it has made me obsessed with the goal of getting the belts back again."I don't feel my age. I
The National Audit Office (NAO) has released a report on the resettlement programme for Syrian refugees in the UK, saying that local authorities are struggling to find suitable housing and enough school places for the 20,000 refugees due to be resettled in the country by 2020.The report, published by the NAO, said local authorities in areas where accommodation costs are high also have concerns about finding affordable accommodation for refugees given the current housing benefit cap.This has meant only 11% of refugees have been settled in areas such as London and the South East.This means local authorities will probably have to provide more than 1,
Ross-shire Engineering has secured the potential investment across the next five years.
Emily, who is 11, submitted her short story called The Last Sign to the Jacqueline Wilson Creative Writing Prize, with the author herself picking the winnerThe story reads like it's about an older lady reminiscing about her past before she dies, but the twist at the end is that she is actually a chimpanzeeThe Last Sign will now feature in Jacqueline's new book, which is called Clover MoonJacqueline said: "It was very tough to select just one winner but Emily's story stood out because of its use of language
Venezuela accuses Chile of "inadmissible interventionism" and a "lack of diplomatic circumspection".
Paralympics 2016: Ukraine's 'impossible is possible'. Ukraine's Paralympians are poised to go one better, sitting a comfortable third in the medal table in Rio. The country's performance is particularly astonishing given the country's recent history, with an economic crisis, war in the east and the loss of their main training centre in Crimea.
Northern Ireland's plastic fiver has been replaced with a polymer note which can survive a 1400 revolutions per minute spin in the washing machine.The Bank of England says it is cleaner and more secure than the cotton paper notes which have been used for the past 100 years.But we're a conservative lot in Northern Ireland: Perhaps we like our lucre filthy.For people in Northern  Ireland, plastic fivers are nothing new. To celebrate the Millennium, the old Northern Bank (now Danske) introduced the slippery clean fiver to local pockets in 2000.Two million of the notes were issued in October 1999.It did
Arundel boundary wall collapses after high tides and heavy rainfall. A boundary wall along the River Arun has collapsed after it was neglected and the Environment Agency says it is the owners' responsibility.
Hank Greenberg is accused of engineering bogus transactions to hide the firm's financial difficulties.
Bayern Munich 5, FC Rostov 0: Joshua Kimmich scores his first Champions League goal for Germany. Robert Lewandowski scores Bayern Munich's fifth goal of the Champions League group stage as the German champions beat Rostov 5-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the competition for the first time. Bayern Munich celebrate after beating Russian side Rostov in their Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Allianz Arena. FC Bayern München 5, CSKA Moscow 0-0 FC Bayern Munich Thomas Muller celebrates after scoring his first goal for the Bundesliga champions in the group stage   Bayern Munich beat CS
Charlie Charlie Austin (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Matt Targett. Joel Ward tries a through ball, but Christian Benteke is caught offside.
Victorian buildings in urgent need of help and protection. The Victorian Society has released its annual list of historic buildings in need of protection. It includes Red Barns in Redcar where Gertrude Bell lived.
Unemployment is down to 5.33 million, the lowest level since the Office for National Statistics started collecting the figures in 1999 and a drop of 13,000 since March.The claimant count, including Jobseeker's Allowance, actually went up from the previous month by 2,400 to 771,000.The ONS said the figures, which only cover one month since the result of the EU referendum, show "continuing improvement" in the jobs market.But Samuel Tombs, chief UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, warned: "When you scratch beneath the surface, today's labour market figures are not
A police helicopter has been hit by a laser in the sky while searching for a missing person in Northamptonshire.The National Police Air Service (NPAS) said Mr Atherton saw two flashes of light from the laser at about 23:00 BST on Friday.He said: "On the police helicopter, I'm the only pilot. If I get hit in the eye and I'm blinded, who's going to fly the aircraft?
Lee's cameo appearances in the Marvel blockbusters have become a staple of the series
The Crucible's production of Show Boat and its new musical Flowers for Mrs Harris are up for best musical.
Long daytime naps of more than 60 minutes and a 45% increased risk of type-2 diabetes, compared with no daytime napping.
Sofia Vergara is the world's highest paid actress, according to Forbes magazine.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed several bills to end the tax on feminine hygiene products, including one to end tax on nappies, arguing the measures would reduce state revenue by $300m (£227m) in the coming year.The Democratic governor cited fiscal concerns over his decision to block the bipartisan bill.
A man has died after he was hit by a boat while snorkelling in a bay on the island of Gozo.A conclusion of accidental death was recorded by coroner Dewi Pritchard-Jones.The inquest heard Mr Stanley suffered head injuries and his death was "likely to have been virtually instantaneous".
The S*n has been widely boycotted in the city because of its accusations following the Hillsborough disaster
The Islamic Center of Fort Pierce was heavily damaged in the fire, which was set on the anniversary of 9/11.
Clint Dempsey returns to training with Seattle Sounders. Clint Dempsey has been undergoing medical evaluations since last month.
Herman Van Rompuy said negotiations were unlikely until a new German government was formed after next September's election.The talks will be tough but hopefully of mutual benefit, he said, adding the UK had to make the "first move".
The lavatory replaced one of the Guggenheim's porcelain toilets in a one-person, unisex restroom.
The facility, inside the old Granada studios building, is being used by a new generation of musicians to make music videos for the internet.
Thick smoke has been billowing from the fire in Slitting Mill Road in Rugeley, Staffordshire, since the blaze began on 5 SeptemberThe fire service said a controlled burn was taking place over fears water supplies could be contaminatedResident Steve Povey said he and others were also concerned about.
James Nicol believes he was exposed to asbestos while working on council houses in the 1980s.The pensioner was diagnosed with mesothelioma, an incurable lung cancer almost always caused by asbestos exposure.He said he had first noticed a change in his health during a swimming session. "I could swim, but not the same speed and that was why I went to my doctor," Mr Nicol told BBC Scotland. "From then on it was x-rays, scans and a biopsy in Aberdeen."
The decision of the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) to leave rates at their new, historically low, level was no surprise.
Russia bans 11 popular porn websites. Russia has banned 11 popular pornography websites, saying many failed to protect children "from information harmful to their health".
Northern Ireland's attorney general John Larkin has been accused of "overstepping the mark" over his comments on abortion laws in Northern Ireland.Northern Ireland's Attorney General John Larkins has been charged with "offending the public" over comments he made about abortion laws.I don't hear any call for the justice minister to stand down.
Five of Lewis Hamilton's best race wins. BBC Sport takes a look at the key stats behind Hamilton's race wins, and picks out five of his best victories. Lewis Hamilton is the only driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 or more races in each of his first seven seasons in the sport. He is also one of only three drivers to win more than 50 races in a single season.
Two Polish men were arrested and released on police bail in connection with Mr Jozwik's murder.
Pro12: Ospreys 13-3 Treviso. Osprey's Dan Biggar scores 11 points as they secure a bonus point win over Trevisos to make it three bonus point wins out of three this season.
The register of private work is being published by NHS England to show how much doctors are earning in excess of £500,000 a year - and how much they are raking it in. The NHS is set to publish the details of how much it pays consultants to work extra hours for the health service - and it is likely to reveal that some of them are earning more than the basic basic salary for NHS work. The government is to publish a register of the earnings of doctors who do private work in the NHS - and there is a good chance it will reveal how much some are earning.The register of earnings is being
Scottish Power is launching a new way to buy energy.Customers will be able to buy packages of gas and electricity in quantities from one day to a month, and up to 180 days ahead.The company says it is an attempt to simplify energy bills.
RBS could have to pay up to $13bn to settle the claims. Even a third of this figure could deliver a crippling blow to the lender, making its return to profitability even further off.
Kerri Imelda Doherty was supposed to see four offenders at least once a month, a Care Council for Wales (CCW) hearing in Cardiff was told.
Simon Cowell has agreed a deal with ITV for both The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent to continue on ITV until at least 2019.
Caroline McKeich was found dead on the banks of the River Leven in Dunbartonshire in 1996
More than 700 students will be taught at the new state-of-the-art Deeside Sixth building.
John Duns Scotus was born in the town of Duns around 1266A series of events kicks off with a talk in its Volunteer Hall on Saturday followed by a walk on Sunday
Anna Swabey, 25, from Newton Aycliffe, County Durham, was initially given three months to live in 2015 when she met Andy Bell, 26, on a dating app.The pair were due to marry on Saturday in the Yorkshire Dales, but Miss Swabey passed away earlier.She raised almost Â£80,000 for Brain Tumour Research and posted frank videos about her chemotherapy sessions.Months after her diagnosis Miss Swawey started a blog, Inside my Head, in which she openly chronicled her treatment.However, the latest blog post was from her sister Victoria, who described the
Hull 2017 Culture Company raises £18m. Hull 2017 has exceeded its public target of £18 million, raised with investment from 61 partners.
Singapore Grand Prix: Mercedes' Nico Rosberg and Red Bull's Max Verstappen and Daniel Ricciardo close behind. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton was 0.275 seconds slower than Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen in Singapore's qualifying session. Lewis Hamilton is two points ahead of Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel in the world championship, but is still heading into the weekend at a disadvantage.Lewis Hamilton was unable to do any of the race-simulation runs the teams do in the second part of the session on heavy fuel loads, but was able to complete a clean lap on his qualifying simulation on the ultra-soft
Camelia Lupu was last seen leaving her home address in Stalybridge at around 16:05 BST on Wednesday 7 SeptemberHer brother, Noevelle Lupu, has also been reported missing
The winner of Friday's £19.7m Euromillions jackpot is a ticket from the UK.The winning numbers were 5, 8, 14, 22, 32, and Lucky Stars 2 and 11.
Arsenal 3-0 Chelsea: Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil shine as Gunners move third in Premier League. Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez scores twice and Theo Walcott completes a brilliant move to steer in Hector Bellerin's pass three minutes before half-time as the Gunners beat Chelsea to move three points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Alexis Sanchez celebrates after scoring his side's third goal in the second half. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said: "It was an outstanding team performance.Media playback is not supported on this device
Alex Salmond says he has "little doubt" the next independence referendum is coming. Alex Salfeld says the "next test is coming" for the Scottish Nationalist Party (SNP). Former Scotland's first minister says the next referendum is likely to be held in the autumn of 2018. Former Scottish First Minister Alex "Salmond" Salmond has said the next Scottish independence referendum will be held "once in a generation". He said that his "guess" on timing is that "it is likely".
Failed leadership candidate Lisa Duffy was having dinner with her staff in Bournemouth on FridayNo action was taken against the curry house, which had completed pre-employment checksUKIP has long campaigned for tougher border controls to cut illegal immigrationJay Beecher, a spokesman for Ms Duffy, said: "Watching our chef running away into the night, his apron flapping in the wind, was a surreal moment."Politics can sometimes be such a stale and serous affair, so you have to see the funny side of things."In this case too, I couldn't help [but] be tickled by the irony."The
Northern Ireland's first and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known the Royal Prerogative to create the role for former BBC journalist David Gordon.Mr Gordon edited the BBC's Nolan Show.The Northern Ireland Newsletter has discovered the law was changed using the highly unusual procedure to enable the post to be filled without being advertised.
The child had not been seen in the 11 years since its disappearance was first reported.
Super League: Wigan 28-14 Hull FC. Wigan beat Hull FC to reach the Super League final for a fourth successive season, but their hopes of clinching the League Leaders' Shield are slim as Warrington travel to second-placed Hull FC.
Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he will not veto any deal the UK government comes to with the European Union over Brexit.He said he could not "envisage consent being given by Wales" unless access to the single market and protection for the rights of citizens from other EU countries were secured.
A woman has been left blind in one eye after being attacked with a laser pen by two boys aged about 14 or 15 in Edinburgh.The incident happened as the 33-year-old walked under a railway bridge on Dumbarton Road, near the junction with Cable Depot Road, at about 22:00 on Saturday 10 September.One of them had brown hair in a quiff.The woman was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment and later reported the incident to police.Det Sgt Kevin Mulvenna, of Police Scotland, said: "This was a completely unprovoked and senseless attack on this woman,
Bradley Wiggins has defended his assertion that he had never had an injection of performance-enhancing drugs before a major race.The 2012 Tour de France champion's assertion was questioned after leaked World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) documents revealed he had been given three injections of allergy medication.The records show Wiggins was given permission to take two banned substances on several occasions between 2008 and 2013, prior to competitions including the 2011 and 2012 Tours.
Annie Besala Ekofo and Bervil Kalikaka-Ekofo were found dead in East Finchley
A 16-year-old boy and four females, aged 16, 17, 19 and 22, who were in two vehicles in Marine Drive, were arrested.They will all appear in court at a later date.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg holds off a late charge by Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo to win the Singapore Grand Prix. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton holds on for a win in a nail-biting finish to claim his first win of the season as he leads his team-mate by eight points. Lewis Hamilton celebrates after winning the Singapore Formula One Grand Prix after a dramatic finish to his season with Mercedes.Listen to Hamilton's final pit stop at the end of the race
The BBC's Rory Cellan-Jones: Has the UK got Tech Talent?The BBC is looking at the vibrant and growing UK tech scene and ask why it has failed to find a Google or Facebook.The BBC's Tech Talent programme is asking whether the UK can compete in the global tech industry.The UK is a magnet for entrepreneurs - around a third of them come from abroad.But according to Mr Woodford and others, home-grown tech entrepreneurs are not turning promising starts into leading global companies.Rory Woodford, a tech entrepreneur and former adviser to David Cameron when he was prime minister, says funding for
Jose Mourinho: Manchester United lose 3-1 at Watford. Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his team have fallen victim to a number of unfair refereeing decisions and felt they were harshly treated.
The Sound of Music actress Liesl Carr died in Los Angeles after complications from a rare form of dementia, her representative said. The actress, who played Liesl von Trapp in the 1965 film, famously performed the song Sixteen Going on Seventeen.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn says he is "determined" to lead the party into the next general election and said it could win.He rejected criticism from those who say he is mistaking the enthusiasm of his backers for wider electoral appeal.Ex-leader Neil Kinnock said Labour appeared unelectable under Mr Corbyn and faced its "greatest crisis".
Dorothy Leyden was murdered hours after she had been to a Jimmy Ruffin concert at the Golden Garter nightclub in Wythenshawe.
La La La Land wins the People's Choice award for best film.
Corinthians FC: Body of Louis Thornton found in hotel room. The body of Douglas-based Corinthians footballer Louis Thornton has been found in his hotel room in Liverpool.
Firefighters from Pencoed and Bridgend have isolated the burning material and they will resume work on Tuesday.
England 2-0 Belgium. Nikita Parris scores the opening goal to give England a 1-0 win over Belgium in Leuven as the hosts secure top spot in Group 7 of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers.
Coventry University's Scarborough campus has been built on the town's former Weaponness Park and Ride site.
Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones has defended his party's manifesto for the next five years, saying it was "lacklustre" and "disappointing". Wales' first minister has defended the Welsh Government's programme for government, saying he would see through its election promises, including building an M4 relief road and a South Wales Metro public transport network.The programme, called Taking Wales Forward, reflects many of the pledges outlined in the Welsh Assembly election in May.The most expensive commitments cover 30 hours of free childcare a week over 48 weeks for parents of three and four-year-olds, and 100
Derbyshire v Kent: Daryl Mitchell celebrates reaching 1,000 first-class runs. Daryl Mitchell hits a century as Derby beat Kent by seven wickets in their Championship clash at Hereford & Worcester. Derby captain Daryl Mitchell makes his first hundred of the season as the hosts make 255-6 in 92 overs in their pursuit of overhauling Kent for second spot.
The 2016 Women's Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers were played on Tuesday, November 8, 2016 in Nairobi, Kenya.
Anthony McIntyre has been granted leave to seek a judicial review of the decision by police to issue a letter requesting the confidential recordings.Mr McIntyre, who is from Belfast but now lives in the Republic of Ireland, was jailed for murder in 1977.Now an academic, he was one of the main researchers on Boston College's oral history project on the Troubles.Dozens of loyalist and republican paramilitaries gave candid interviews on the understanding their account would only be made public after they died.
David Montgomery, 39, was giving evidence for a third day in the trial of 48-year-old Ronnie Coulter.When Mr Findlay accused him of being "a persistent liar" over his differing versions of events, the witness called the QC a liar.
Milan sign Slovenia Under-21 international Benedicic on a free transfer.
Two men have been killed after a small aircraft crashed into a field in Powys, Wales.The men from Holmes Chapel, Cheshire, have been named locally as Scott Penlington and Nick Jefferies.The small aircraft came down in a field at Steve Powell's farm at Cwmbach, Builth Wells, Powys just before 12:00 BST on Sunday.Mr Powell said the aircraft appeared to have "fallen out of the sky into our field"."It is a terrible tragedy and we've never had anything like this before.
The RMT and Aslef unions have reached an in-principle agreement to end a dispute over the introduction of new trains, ScotRail Alliance said.The RMT said it would make its position clear once the proposed deal has been discussed by its national executive on Tuesday.
All kick-offs at 19:45 BST unless otherwise stated
China's Baosteel to take over rival Wuhan Iron and Steel. China's state-owned steelmaker Baostebel is to merge with its smaller competitor, the country's largest steelmaker, to create a new company.
Gerry McGowan, Michael Toner, Stephen Crumlish and Gerard Kelly were all teenagers when they were accused of killing Lt Steven Kirby in 1979.The so-called Derry Four fled Northern Ireland until their acquittal in 1998.They are now involved in a civil case against the police for wrongful arrest.They also say they were subjected to false imprisonment, assault, battery and malicious prosecution.On Friday, lawyers for the PSNI chief constable submitted documents to the High Court in Belfast indicating that all original interview notes from 1979 were missing.
Labour's National Executive Committee (NEC) has agreed 22 changes to the party's rules and guidance ahead of Saturday's leadership election. The Labour Party's NEC has voted down a proposal to reinstate elections to the shadow cabinet. Jeremy Corbyn has said there is a "thirst for democracy" in the party and he backs a "widening of the franchise".
Harry had a wonderful life and touched the lives of so many others Gary Hetherington Leeds Rhinos chief executive
Henry McPherson, 61, from St Fergus, died after the accident on the A952 near Mintlaw in 2014.Pauline Flynn, 36, denies causing death by careless driving.
Botswana's president says he has personally ordered the arrest of a pastor who has criticised homosexuality in the country.The pastor was taken into custody by security agents after a radio show in the capital, Gaborone, on Monday morning. The pastor had been put on a visa watch list after he was banned from travelling to South Africa, but the order had not been communicated to all officials manning the country's borders.
Wigan's Adam Flower is free to play in the Grand Final should Wigan make this season's showpiece.
Castleford Tigers v Widnes Widnes Rhinos - Super League - Round 13, Super League
She was made a Dame in the New Year Honours list this year for her work in the aviation industryCarolyn McCall joined the budget airline from Guardian Media Group in 2010. She oversaw the company's £3.3bn privatisation in 2013 and has been described as "relentless, a force of nature, a tough lady".She'll need that to help get Royal Mail back on track - earlier this year it reported a 33% fall in annual profits as it faces increasing competition.Alison joined Whitbread - owner of Premier Inns and Costa Coffee - in January this year, having forged her career in banking -
Real Madrid are on the verge of breaking La Liga's all-time record for consecutive victories. Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane has led his side to their 16th straight victory in La Liga, with a 2-0 victory at Espanyol. Real's record-breaking winning streak is a Real record and also equals the best winning sequence in Spain's top flight, achieved by Pep Guardiola's Barca in 2010-11.
The researcher sent 1,500 identical CVs to German firms - except that some bore the name Meryem Ozturk and others the name Sandra Bauer.
Oculus Rift virtual reality headset will be sold for £549.
Rev Irene Wilson was leaving Holy Trinity Church in Hull at 13:30 BST on 7 August when her vehicle was targetedThe pair had only known each other for a week before carrying out the carjacking, the court heard.As well as having her car stolen, Rev Wilson's handbag containing Â£250 in cash and a laptop computer were also taken.
He was found guilty of misconduct in a public office and fraud.The judge said: "The public is entitled to regard police officers and PCSOs as straight - those found not to be have to pay a high price."
Kent v Essex: Chris Stevens hits 31st first-class ton. Kent's Chris Stevens celebrates a century as he leads Kent to 389-7 after Essex's decision to bowl first.
US President Barack Obama has called for a "course correction" to ensure that extremism and violence does not drive countries into a more divided world.The president's remarks come a day after a US and Russia-brokered ceasefire unravelled, partly due to a US-led air strike over the weekend that mistakenly killed Syrian soldiers.
TurkeyTurkey looks to close Gulen schoolsWho are the Gulenists?Who is Fethullah Gulen?Turkey coup: Who was behind Turkey coup attempt?Kharisma Bangsa school is one of hundreds across the world that Turkey wants to shut down because they have links to a US-based cleric, Fethulla GulenThe cleric is held responsible by the Ankara government for the failed July coup in which more than 270 people diedBut pupils, teachers and parents interviewed in several countries say they have no links to suspicious activitiesIn 2000, Uzbekistan shut down all Gulen-associated schools operating there, and similar steps were
Zara's sales jumped from €9.4bn to €10.5bn, an increase of 11%.
Alan McQuillan said the current attitude to drugs was "creating a cash cow for organised crime, especially in relation to cannabis".
IvoryCisse, who stunned third seed Muhammad with a four-point score right at the death to win 8-6, was honoured by Ivorian president Alassane Ouattara on his return home.He took the opportunity to ask for an improvement in conditions and coaching for athletes."We have talented boys and girls in taekwondo. We have to help them," insisted Cisse."I want to tell my little brothers to believe in their dreams.
East Markham is a quiet Nottinghamshire village. It has a pub and a primary school and the last shop closed five years ago. But it does have an ancient monument - the East Markham Pinfold.It's basically a high-walled rectangle where any stray livestock found wandering around would be put, making it the first port of call for a worried shepherd.Nowadays, the best place to go with your worries is the village hall. It's where I found Conservative MP for Newark, Robert Jenrick, holding one of his mobile surgeries.He drives to see people and they know where to find
Bernard Matthews sold to food tycoon Ranjit Boparan. Bernard Matthews has been sold to the "chicken king".
The Tiangong-1 or "Heavenly Palace" laboratory was launched in 2011 as part of an ambitious Chinese plan to catch up with other space powers
Donald Trump's latest outreach to black voters, at a North Carolina rally, drew a swift backlash.Many on social media questioned whether Mr Trump had considered the US history of slavery and segregation.It follows a report that his charity used funds to settle lawsuits.
The attack on the aid convoy and the hospital seems to have taken things back to square one.The US and Russia have blamed each other for the destruction of the convoy, the route and location of which were pre-announced.The Americans are hinting strongly that the convoy was attacked from the air by a pair of Sukhoi Su-24 jets - either Russian or Syrian. It makes little difference to Washington, which holds Moscow responsible either way.In contrast, the Russians deny any culpability; they say their aircraft were not in the area and that the destruction was the result of action on the ground - the implication
The FTSE 100 index rose 77 points, or 1.1%, to 6,911.4, with similar rises seen elsewhere in Europe.
North North Wales and Cheshire police forces have said restrictions could be reviewed if there was no trouble at the two games this season.
Campaigners fought to save Ipswich Airport after it was earmarked for housing by Ipswich Borough Council, with some occupying the terminal building for about four months.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has made Manchester City the team to beat in the Premier League, according to Swansea's Angel Rangel. Swansea City striker Carlos Rangel says Pep Guardiola's Manchester City side are looking like the best team in the UK. Swansea's Gabriel Jesus says Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is "a maestro at what he does" and says he is relishing the prospect of trying to stop Sergio Aguero.
" outrageous that Theresa May thinks victims of police abuse deserve justice in England but not in Scotland."It's absurd to expect public trust in police when abuses of power are swept under the carpet, and it's a snub to Scotland to say it doesn't matter there.
Photos from across the African continent this week:
West Bromwich Albion boss Tony Pulis is delighted to be going back to his old club Stoke.Pulis managed the Potters for 464 matches over two spells and comes up against his old side with them bottom of the early Premier League table.But the Welshman - who has also managed Crystal Palace in the Premier League - expects current Stoke boss Mark Hughes to steer his side away from trouble."It's fantastic. Whichever way the result goes, my 1,000th game will be at Stoke and I had great times there."Everything changes so quickly. If you don't like a programme straight away you can turn it
Bodyguard Tommy Roome charged with murder of bodyguard Paul Hayden. A bodyguard has been charged with the murder of a bodyguard who was stabbed outside his home in Chadwell Heath.
Isaac Success has a knock and is finding it difficult to walk.
Kent were reduced to 40-4 but Northeast shared an unbroken 185 with Will Gidman as runners-up Kent batted through the remainder of the day.
They declared on 245-9 to leave Durham 296 from a minimum of 78 overs for victory.
A French passenger has been awarded the Legion d'honneur after he was shot in the neck during a struggle with a terrorist on a train in Amsterdam.Mark Moogalian and five other passengers overpowered the suspect, Moroccan national Ayoub El-Khazzani.The American, who was travelling on the train from Amsterdam to Paris, was awarded the honour at a ceremony at the Elysee Palace.
Sports Direct chief executive Dave Forsey has stepped down, the company has said.Sports Direct has been under fire over zero hours contracts and disclosure that staff at a warehouse were paid less than the minimum wage.The company, which has around 450 retail outlets, came under the spotlight after an investigation uncovered that staff were kept on site at its giant Shirebrook warehouse in Derbyshire after their shifts for body searches.In the wake of that, the sportswear chain's lawyers produced a critical report of its working conditions. It says it will offer workers who want them guaranteed hours.
It comes as Iraqi government forces are "on the cusp" of retaking the city - held by IS since 2014.
Leeds'It's made us look a lot more solid. We're going out there now thinking we're going to win, not just hoping.'
CETA is done and we will not reopen it, said EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom.CETA is due to be signed with Canada at the end of October. But it will also need to be ratified by national parliaments across the EU.
UK universities fear losing research funding, students and staff in the event of a "hard" Brexit.But some universities are considering expanding into Europe as a way round the problem.
This was the third night of protests in the city, and the second with the National Guard on the streets, following the killing of Keith Lamont Scott on Tuesday.
City's Vincent Kompany suffers calf injury in EFL Cup victory over Swansea. Manchester City defender Vincent Kumpany suffers a calf injury during his side's 2-1 win over Swansea City.
Haven have appointed ex-Salford forward Tom Forster as their new head coach. Haven have named former Salford and Saints academy graduate Tom Fenton as their next head coach after a season which saw Haven relegated from the Championship.
Gerry Adams has denied any involvement in the murder of Mr Donaldson in 2006.In a statement, BBC Spotlight said: "The Spotlight programme dealt with matters of great public interest and the BBC stands by its journalism."A lawyer for the Donaldson family spoke to the BBC on Friday after meeting Garda Deputy Assistant Commissioner Derek Byrne and two other senior police officers.
Martin Kaymer, Ross Fisher and Robert Karlsson on 11 under at Bad Griesbach. French golfer Daniel Levy moves to 17 under after 16 holes of his second round at the German Open.
The BBC Trust has said naturalist Mark Packham should not have been sacked after he described people involved in hunting and shooting as "the nasty brigade" in an article.
Nani: Valencia sack coach Pako Ayestaran after four straight league defeats. Valencia striker Nani says the club will work hard to turn things around. Valencia are bottom of La Liga after four consecutive league defeats have left them bottom of the table.
The computer hacker shared the personal data of more than 1,000 American military and government personnel.The jail term imposed by the US court is the maximum sentence for his crime.
Crawley Town 1, Blackpool 0: Connolly scores first goal since returning for a second spell with the Red Devils. Mark Connolly celebrates after scoring his first goal for the club in a tight first meeting between the two sides.  Blackpool 1,  Crawley  Town 0.    First Half ends,   Crawley Town   1, Blackpool   0.Match ends, Crawley Town 1,Blackpool 0.Second Half ends   CRAWLEY   Town  0,  BLACKPOOL  0   Second Half ends.Craw
Ad Adebayo Akinfenwa (Wycombe Wanderers) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Anthony Stewart.Liam McAlinden replaces Robbie Simpson.Hand ball by Robbie Simpson (Exeter City).David Wheeler replaces Lee Holmes.Dominic Gape replaces Jack Stacey.Joe Jacobson (wycombe wanderers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Luke Croll (exeter City)Second Half ends, Wycombe Wanderer 1, Exeter City 0.
Liverpool 2-1 Swansea. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp: "I thought we could have done better in the first half. We showed a reaction, were more organised, clear in all situations and we deserved win. We are not as good as we should have been."You have to show why we are here.
Snapchat has announced the launch of its first smart glasses, which will allow users to record video in a new format.The device, which the company is calling Spectacles, will go on sale later this year priced at $130 (£100).The glasses will record up to 30 seconds of video at a time.As part of the announcement, Snapchat is renaming itself Snap, Inc.The renaming decision underlined the company's apparent ambition to go beyond the ephemeral messaging app, a product which is highly popular with young people.An article published by the Wall Street Journal on Friday showed Snap's 26-year-old
Felix Barrow sustained many broken bones and spent three weeks in a coma when he was knocked over outside his home in Swanmore in October last year.His parents were told he might never walk again, but they said he has now exceeded all his doctors' expectations.His mum Vanessa said the accident was "horrific" and added: "You just think this can't be happening to you."It was just a normal Wednesday, normal things going on, and your life is turned upside down into an unrecognisable sate where you are thrust into a hospital environment."At first I don't think we really realised the extent of
The Academy Selsey suffered extensive damage and much of its contents was destroyed in the blaze on 21 August.
Here are five things you may have missed from Saturday's EFL action. There were 14 red cards across the three divisions of the EFL on Saturday.
Gay and lesbian activists staged rival protests in Mexico's capital, Mexico City, on Saturday.The National Front for the Family, which organised the march, says it is not opposed to LGBT rights.
Charlie Austin (Southampton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved by Leicester keeper Kasper Schmeichel.Attempt blocked. Christian Fuchs tries a through ball, but Leonardo Ulloa is caught offside.Offside, Leicester City.Christian Fuchs (Leicester City) left footed free kick is blocked by Southampton keeper Fraser Forster.Attempt missed.Christian Vardy tries a free kick, but Southampton keeper Forster makes a save.Attempt failed. Christian Vardy attempts a free-kick, but Forster saves it.Christian Drinkwater tries a long-range shot, which is blocked
Marc Marquez (Spa) Honda takes fourth win of the season. Marquez wins the Moto3 world championship after overtaking Valentino Rossi with 12 laps to go to secure his fourth victory of the year.Marc Marquez celebrates after securing his fourth Moto3 title with a fourth-place finish at the Spanish Grand Prix at Jerez. Moto3 World Championship: Marquez secures fourth win after overtook Valentino  Rossi to take fourth place at the Jerez Moto3 race. Marc Marquez (Ita) Yamaha    - 41 minutes 57.678 seconds to win the Spanish Moto3 championship after
BHS.com will employ just 84 people, a fraction of the 11,000 who lost their jobs after efforts to find a buyer for the business failed.
Optimism fell for the third consecutive quarter according to the CBI employers group.It is the sector's longest period of falling sentiment since 2009.
Miami Marlins pitcher Jose Fernandez has died after being hit by a boat while on a fishing trip with his girlfriend and their daughter.Fernandez was described as an "avid fisherman" and was aboard a friend's boat when the vessel hit a jetty, causing it to capsize.He had revealed recently that his girlfriend was pregnant.Marlins President David Samson said at a news conference: "When you talk about tragedy like this there are no words that come to mind."There is prayer and thought toward his family and his soon to be born daughter. You recognize how precious life is."
Rangers boss Mark Warburton says referee John Beaton's decision to give a free-kick to Jonny Hayes is "frustrating beyond belief". Rangers manager Mark Warburyton says the referee handled a difficult game very well.
Monarch said it was "trading well" despite a difficult period for the industry because of terrorist incidents, Brexit and the weak pound.It added that a significant investment would be announced in the coming days.
A 78-year-old man arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving and failing to stop
Up to 40mm (1.5in) could fall, with a yellow be aware warning in place until 22:00 BST
Former Spanish finance minister Josep Rato and Miguel Blesa, the former president of Caja Madrid bank, are on trial in Madrid on charges of tax evasion and money laundering. Former Spanish Finance Minister José Antonio Rato is on trial for allegedly using company credit cards for luxury purchases, unconnected with his duties as a board member of bailed-out bank Bankia. The former head of Spain's Bankia is in court in Madrid, where he is accused of spending more than €12m (£10.4m; $13.5m) on "unofficial" company credit card purchases. A former
Young people are gambling with their health by using prescription medicines in a bid to get higher marks in exams.
The ease with which these people seem to be able to gain access to their victim's computer is frightening and the sums of money being taken are substantial PC Siobhan Pellett
Amari, winner of Junior Bake Off in 2015.
New Zealand spinner Ish Sodhi Patel has been recalled for the remainder of New Zealand's Test tour of India.
Exeter Chiefs: Ben Woodburn thriving on regular game time and lots of good input from Ali Hepher, who's doing a fantastic job with the backs.
The 33ft (10m) deep hole appeared in Fontmell Close, St Albans, Hertfordshire, on 1 October last year
Tomasz Raszkiewicz "forcibly lunged" at Lucasz Gal's mother as she held him in her arms, causing the baby to fracture his skull on a door.
A bomb has been found in a derelict house in a residential area close to people's homes in the Craigavon area of Northern Ireland. Police have recovered an explosive device which they say was used to try to kill police officers in a dissident republican area in Northern Ireland.
A woman has told a court how her daughter's character changed from a lovely girl to an animal. She became horrible.
AleppoAleppo, once Syria's largest city and the country's commercial and industrial hub, has been divided roughly in two since 2012, with President Bashar al-Assad's forces controlling the west and rebel factions the east.In the past year, troops have gradually broken the deadlock with the help of Iranian-backed militias and Russian air strikes.A short-lived truce brokered by the US and Russia provided them with a brief respite, but its collapse last Monday led to the Syrian military launching an offensive to take full control of the city.Since then, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has documented the deaths of 248 people in
Matt Bullivant, 36, fell 4.5m (15ft) through the balustrade just 20 minutes after arriving at Chellowdene guest house in Falmouth, Cornwall.
Ryder Cup: Paul Lawrie insists Europe are not fazed by US billing as favourites. The Ryder Cup between Europe and the United States starts on Friday, 30 September, with the first foursomes at 13:35 BST, and the fourballs scheduled to follow at 18:30 BST.The match concludes with the singles on Sunday, 2 October, starting at 17:00 BST.Paul Lawrie hopes his two Ryder Cups as a player - both in America - will be beneficial to the team.
Ryder Cup: Davis Love picks Bubba Watson to lead US team. Davis Love has named US vice-captain Bubba "Bubba" Watson as his captain for the 41st Ryder Cup against Europe in Minnesota on Friday. US captain Davis Love names Bubba 'Boom' Watson as one of his backroom staff for the Ryder Cup in Minnesota. US Ryder Cup captain Davis "Boom" Watson has been named as his vice captain for this week's match against Europe at Hazeltine in Minnesota.
I have an apple. I have [a] pineapple.I have a pen.
US stocks rose on Thursday as a firmer dollar in the aftermath of the first Clinton-Trump presidential debate helped send gold prices lower.
Britain remained firmly opposed to any move towards creating an EU army, Sir Michael Fallon said, as it would simply undermine NatoAnd yet it wasn't on the agenda when EU defence ministers met in Slovakia and barely anyone is talking about the ideaInstead the official agenda here in Bratislava spoke of "the EU Global Strategy and its synergies and sequencing with the Commission-led EDAP".France and Germany presented proposals that would include joint development of military hardware such as helicopters and drones, expanding the EU's peace-keeping missions and, most contentiously of all, establishing a permanent joint European military HQ."We will continue to oppose any
The Department for Education said it was working with the profession on a future staffing strategy.But industry leaders warn the drop in the number of those completing it is evidence of an impending recruitment crisis, which is already damaging the quality of childcare on offer to parents.It also puts in jeopardy government plans to introduce 30 hours of free childcare to all three and four-year-olds from 2017, they say.
Facebook bought WhatsApp for $19bn (Â£14.6bn) in 2014 as a way to reach out to a younger audience.
The Apprentice's Lord Sugar says the BBC needs to do a spin-off series. Lord Sugar has said the BBC need to do something about the show's future.Lord Sugar said he believes "the freshness of the contestants" keeps the show relevant, adding: "One of the things I love about this process is, as I'm getting older, I've got a great production team that keep me on my toes as far as technology is concerned."With a lot of the tasks some of the stuff we're going to be doing didn't exist 12 years ago. For example, there's a virtual reality episode in
It is prized on the black market because many believe it brings good luck or has medicinal qualitiesPolice in Bangalore arrested four people trying to sell the protected creature for $1,500 (Â£1,100)Police said plain clothes officers had organised a sting by pretending to be interested buyersThe market for the "two-headed" red sand boas was "basically another form of cheating", PS Harsha, the local deputy commissioner of police, said."It is invariably used to cheat people who have some belief that it will act as good luck charm."Sharath Babu, a wildlife warden in Bangalore's Urban district
Hull KR 18-18 Salford. Hull KR drop out of Super League after a 10-year spell in the top flight with defeat by Hull KR in the Super League Qualifiers.Salford beat Hull KR to secure a place in the Million Pound Game with a dramatic extra-time win in the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup semi-final at the AJ Bell Stadium. Hull City's relegation from Super League ends on a high after a dramatic end to an enthralling game between Hull KR and Super League's bottom two sides. Hull Hull KR: O'Brien, Johnson, Jones, Sa'u,
What is your response to these pictures?
Britney Spears performed at London's Roundhouse as part of the Apple Music Festival in London on Saturday night.The star, who is currently in Las Vegas for her residency, performed 23 songs in 90 minutes, in a blur of pyrotechnics, lasers and multiple costume changes.She donned silken butterfly wings for a piano-led version of...Baby One More Time, and dressed as a ringmaster during a Circus-themed segment.Spears even made a passable attempt at a London accent while chatting to the audience between songs."Do you wanna get norr-tee?" she teased, doing
Adnan Januzaj has suffered ankle ligament damage.
US-Cuba thaw: Obama says it is a step towards a more normal and productive relationship. The US has announced the appointment of a new ambassador to Cuba.
Shimon Peres, Israel's founding father, has died at the age of 93.He was one of the last of a generation of Israeli politicians present at the new nation's birth in 1948.He served twice as the country's prime minister and once as president.He won the Nobel Peace prize in 1994 for his role negotiating peace accords with the Palestinians a year earlier.He once said the Palestinians were Israel's "closest neighbours" and might become its "clOSest friends".He was the defence minister in 1976, when Palestinian hijackers diverted a plane from Israel to Entebbe in Uganda.
Sainsbury's's like-for-like sales fell 1.1% in the 16 weeks to 24 September.
Ab Abels Shipbuilders at Albion dockyard on Bristol's Floating Harbour is to cease trading because its owner is retiring.
Kieran Innes, of Aberdeen, died after his car crashed on the A90 north of Forfar on Tuesday morning.
Mauritius Football Association goalkeeper Leopold Leopard has been arrested on suspicion of drug dealing.Leopold is the first-choice goalkeeper for Mauritius Professional Football League champions ASPL 2000.
The Duchess of Cambridge's sister took civil court action against a "person or persons unknown" after her account was hacked.
A total of 73 homes cancelled their registration in the first six months of 2016, the Care Quality Commission said.
Patrick Buisson - the man credited with inspiring his former boss's rightward shift on issues like national identity - has released a book of recollections concerning the seven years he served as his top aide.To no-one's surprise, given the way the pair parted company after Mr Sarkozy lost the presidency in 2012, it drips with the satisfaction of a finally requited revenge.Mr Buisson claims that Nicolas Sarkozy deliberately allowed rioters from the suburbs to rampage in central Paris.
Sir Tom will be joined in the big red chairs by long-serving judge Will.i.am, Oscar-winning actress and singer Jennifer Hudson and rock star Gavin Rossdale.Sir Tom is known for hits including It's Not Unusual, Green Green Grass of Home, Delilah and Sex Bomb.
Zoonotic TB - officially known as zoonotic tuberculosis - can be more serious and harder to treat than conventional, human tuberculosis.The disease is caused by Mycobacterium bovis, which is a different infection to human TB caused by M. tuberculosis.M. tuberculosis is inherently resistant to one of the key drugs used to treat human TB - pyrazinamide.
The IOC said the trio must successfully follow the IOC education programme to be eligible for Toyko.The Olympic Council of Ireland and British Olympic Association were also sanctioned with a reprimand.
Champions League: Celtic's Gordon happy with how he played. Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon says he is happy with his performance in the 3-3 draw with Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. Celtic's Craig Gordon has said he is "happy with how I played" in his first taste of the Champions League group stage.
Hinkley Point nuclear power station will be the UK's first new nuclear plant in a generation. The formal go-ahead for the £7.5bn (£6.7bn) nuclear power project in Somerset has been given by the UK government. The UK government has given its approval for the formal signing of the contract for the controversial £7bn ($8bn) £7 billion (€7.6bn; £6.9bn) British-Chinese deal to build the controversial nuclear power plant in Somerset.
A controversial firmware change made earlier this month meant HP printer owners using unofficial, usually cheaper, cartridges discovered they would no longer work.
Dr Martin Thom was called to treat a man who had collapsed in the street in Fraserburgh, Aberdeenshire, in May last year because an ambulance was not available.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe again linked with England job. Eddie Howe has again been linked with the vacant England job following the departure of Sam Allardyce.
The US has accused Russia of taking part in strikes on civilian targets and possibly committing war crimes - charges Russia has strongly denied.The Russian foreign ministry said a US refusal to co-operate would be a gift to "terrorists".
It's becoming a bit of a daydream that people can buy a house."It looks like those born in the early 1980s are likely to find it harder than their predecessors to build up wealth in housing and pensions as they age, said report author Andrew Hood."They have much lower home-ownership rates in early adulthood than any other post-war cohort, and - outside the public sector - have much less access to generous defined benefit pension schemes than previous generations did at the same age."Laura Gardiner, from the Resolution Foundation think tank which works to improve the living standards of those in the UK, said this was
Liam Fox, the international trade secretary, said that he wanted a deal with the EU "at least as free" as the present arrangements.He said anything else would be bad for all the people of Europe, whatever some politicians on the continent might say about the need to show Britain that leaving the EU is not cost free.He also suggested he wanted Britain to take its seat as an independent member of the World Trade Organisation after Brexit.
Shaun Whiter: Former Newmarket Town player loses both legs in crash. Former Cambridge United player Shaun Whitter loses both his legs when he is hit by a car.
Jayalalitha, who was born on 24 February 1948 in what was then the Mysore State, became one of India's most popular, and high-profile artists, appearing in more than 140 films.Naturally charismatic, she was introduced to politics by the actor-turned chief minister, MG Ramachandran, with whom she starred in many of her films.Elected to the Tamil Nadu Assembly in 1989 she took over the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Khazagham (AIADMK) party becoming the first ever woman opposition leader.She was barred from standing in the 2001 elections because
Opec agrees to cut production. Opec has agreed to cut oil production at a meeting in Algiers, but the group has a lot of work to do before it has a real and sustained impact on the price of oil. Oil producers in the world's largest producer group, Opec, have agreed to take action to push oil prices up, but it's not yet clear whether it will have a big impact on prices. Oil exporters in the global oil market have agreed that they will cut production in response to the fall in crude oil prices. But the group, which currently has about 40% of the
Wasps boss Dai Young expects a number of his in-form players to make the England squad. Dai Young, boss of Premiership leaders Wasps, expects a few of his players to be named in England's final squad for the autumn Tests.
US Congress passes 9/11 bill allowing families to sue Saudi Arabia. The US Congress has passed a law allowing families of nearly 3,000 people killed in the September 11, 2001, attacks to sue the Saudi government.
The child's Bonus Bonds account was reportedly set up when he was born with just NZ$250 ($180; £140) worth of bonds, given by a relative
Derby boss Nigel Pearson suspended. Derby manager Nigel Pearson has been suspended from his role and assistant Steve Powell will be in charge at Reading on Saturday.
The Greater Ardoyne Residents Collective (Garc) is protesting against an agreement aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in the area.
Glentoran boss Gary Haveron says his side must turn their season around to beat Linfield on Saturday. GlENTORAN boss Gary 'Haveron' Hausman says his team must turn the season around if they are to avoid relegation from the Premiership on Saturday.
Petra Kvitova hits 34 winners in a dominant display against Simona Halep to reach her first final of 2015.
Kimberly Mpukusa, 18, became the number one Welsh under 18s tennis player despite struggling to find a sponsor.The event's first youth awards, Young Gifted and Black, for people aged between 13 and 30, took place in Cardiff on Thursday.
Bill Jones, who has a severe type of dementia, has won the Sian Phillips award for best actor for his role in the film Yr Ymadawiad. The award is given to someone who has made a significant contribution to international feature films or network television.
Returning officers are responsible for ensuring the smooth running of elections at a local, national and European level, as well as referendums.
Stuart Hamilton, 37, was last seen by his friends and family two weeks ago.
Andrew Steele, from Dunfermline, turned at a police station and confessed to and raping one girl and touching another between 1996 and 2005. He was initially released pending further investigations but was detained months later.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has said the US has broken its promise to separate the powerful Jabhat Fateh al-Sham (formerly known as al-Nusra Front) and other extremist groups from more moderate rebels in Aleppo.He accused the West of staying quiet about civilian suffering in Aleppo when it was expecting the city to fall to the rebels after the Nusra group moved in and cut supply lines to the civilian population.The United Nations says 400 civilians, including many children, have been killed in the besieged city of Aleppo during the past week as a result of bombardment by Russian and Syrian government forces.
Derbyshire appoint new elite performance director. Former Derbieshire skipper Mark Barnett has been appointed as new Elite Performance Director for the county.
Elizabeth Bowe, 50, was found badly injured in Bobby Jones Place in St Andrews at about 21:00 on Saturday 17 September.She was taken to Ninewells Hospital in Dundee but she died three days later.
All-Ireland final: Dublin 0-10 to 1-6 Mayo. Dublin beat Mayo to win the All Ireland final for the first time in 12 years with a replay at Croke Park on Sunday.Dublin beat Mayo by a point to claim a fifth All-Irish final victory in six years as the Dubs beat the Connacht champions by a score of 0-11 to 0-6.Dublin: S Cluxton; P McMahon, J Cooper, M Fitzsimons; J McCarthy, C O'Sullivan, J Small; B Fenton, P Mannion; P Flynn, K Mc
Corey Whitely (Dagenham and Redbridge) is shown the yellow card.Matt Robinson is shown a yellow card, Eastleigh 0, Dagenham 1, Redbridge 0. Corey Whiteley (Eastleigh) scores his side's first goal of the game.Jordan Maguire-Drew (Daggers) scores the opening goal for Eastleigh.Ryan Clarke (Redbridge) celebrates after scoring the equaliser.Ryan Bird (Dags) is given a red card. Ryan Clarke (Draggers) is awarded a redcard.Ryan Robinson (Dogs) is handed a red.
Ryder Cup: Sweden's Henrik Stenson and England's Justin Rose keep their foursomes pairings. Sweden captain Thomas Bjorn has kept his pairings for the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine.Stenson will play with Matt Fitzpatrick against Brandt Snedeker and Brooks Koepka while Rose partners Chris Wood against Jimmy Walker and Zach Johnson.Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters take on Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler.Spanish duo Sergio Garcia and Rafa Cabrera-Bello also stay together to take on Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth.
The 122-year-old Victorian structure spanning the River Thames last underwent refurbishment in 1970. Tower Bridge will close for road traffic until 30 December but pedestrians can walk across on all but three weekends.
I was a sensitive young teen, always trying and failing to be coolâ€¦ never athletic enough, never hip enough, a late developer, crazy hair, with uncool parents who thought church was the main event.I worshipped indie bands - Joy Division especially - in the way that sensitive souls do.I wanted to be a jock, but I wasn't good at fighting.I was a nerd.I tried to be tough teenager afterwards and closed myself off like a drum.I reacted to nothing and felt nothing.Then I got to university and found people like me who would never dream of punching someone,
Corrie Mckeague, based at RAF Honington in Suffolk, was last seen in Bury St Edmunds following a night out
Francesco Guidolin: Swansea's owners have no immediate plans to sack manager. Swansea's owner Huw Jenkins has met former United States coach Bob Bradley and former Manchester United captain Ryan Giggs.
A red Ford Fiesta travelling north at Drumjohn, near Carsphairn, was in collision with a white Asda delivery van heading south.
A trio of German men have been awarded an award for their bravery after they tackled an intruder and pinned him to the ground before police arrived and arrested him.The trio were returning to a family member's home in Heanor in Derbyshire when they caught the intruder taking some jewellery in June.The thief has since been jailed for 27 months for burglary.The three heroes, one from Germany and two from America, tackled the man and pinned.
Mike Towell, 25, from Dundee, is the third professional boxer to die in the UK from apparently fight-related injuries in 21 years.Towell was taking part in a welterweight title eliminator against Welsh fighter Dale Evans.Towell was knocked down twice during the bout in Glasgow on Thursday and died in hospital on Friday night.His partner Chloe Ross revealed he had been suffering migraines for weeks but had dismissed it as pre-match stress.In a Facebook post, his partner Ms Ross said he had suffered brain damage but "fought right to the end", surviving for 12 hours after life support
The cause of the blast "could have been a gas leak," the mayor, Antonio Moreno Ferrer, told local reporters.
Neil Pollock finished with a time of 65.53
Parents and carers at Camau Bach in Aberystwyth were told someone trespassed into its Green Room from the outside play area
London Firefighters put out the flames and cleared up the fuel spillage.Tony Akers, Transport for London's head of bus operations, said: "At approximately 9.55am on Sunday 2 October, a route 26 double-decker hybrid bus suffered a fire at Bishopsgate Junction.
Sir Neville, the oldest conductor to lead at the Proms, has died at the age of 90.
Force India driver Sergio Perez has decided to stay with Force India for 2017. Force India have confirmed that Sergio Perez will stay with the team for the 2017 Formula One season after the Mexican driver decided to sign a new contract with the Mexican team.Perez's decision leaves only a few loose ends to be tied up in the 2017 F1 driver market.
A device believed to be a World War Two munition has been found in Sheffield.
A stampede at a religious festival in the Oromia region of Ethiopia has killed more than 300 people and left hundreds more injured in a stampede, according to reports.More than 200 people died in the stampede on Sunday during the annual Irecha festival, which was held in the town of Bishoftu, the capital, Addis Ababa.The stampede took place during the Irecha celebration, which is an important festival at which Oromo people welcome spring.The government has declared three days of national mourning.In a national address on state TV, Prime Minister Hailemariam Desale
Frank Pantridge, the man who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, has died at the age of 96.One hundred years since his birth on 3 October 1916, his family and former colleagues have been talking about the private side of the famous doctor.Victoria Jordan, his great-niece, remembers him with fondness."In our family, Frank is remembered as a big personality who was completely dedicated to his work, but who would take centre stage at family gatherings at which he would invariably arrive at least an hour late", she said."He was great company, had a mischievous streak and a low
Radwan Hamed collapsed during a game in Belgium in 2006 and was rushed to an intensive care unit but suffered oxygen starvation to his brain. Tottenham have reached a settlement with the family of a teenager who suffered a heart attack while playing for the club's academy team in 2006. Tottenham will not be hit with a fee directly as their 70% portion was incurred by physicians they previously employed.
When things go well for one group of people it can often be at the expense of another group. In part, at least, that is what has happened for the so-called baby boom generation - those born between the mid-1940s and mid-1960s. They have enjoyed enormous increases in the value of their homes, and a remarkable number have been able to buy second homes while younger people can't afford to buy.On top of this, many older people enjoy generous occupational pensions that guarantee them a fixed income in retirement no matter how long they live.Most younger people are unable to access these "defined benefit"
Edmund beats Garcia-Lopez in Beijing. Britain's Kyle Edmund beats Spain's Feliciano Lopez in Beijing to advance to the quarter-finals of the WTA Finals.
The new polymer £5 note, which is slightly smaller than its paper predecessor, will be available in branches before becoming more widely available across Scotland.It continues to feature Sir Walter Scott and The Mound on the front, and a bridge theme on the back.All existing paper Bank of Scotland £5 notes will be gradually withdrawn.However, those that remain in circulation will continue to be accepted at shops, banks and cash payment machines.
Jersey is not recognised by the United Nations as an independent nation.Representatives from Uefa visited the island, which is a crown dependency of Great Britain, in September to meet with Jersey football officials.
Derek Derek Mackay was accused of "showing contempt for parliament" during a fiery debate on the budget timetable.The finance committee wants Mr Mackay to hand over detailed planning information ahead of the budget, which will be published on 15 December.Mr Mackay has delayed publication of his first set of spending plans until after the Chancellor's Autumn Statement, which he said would make a major difference to the funds available to the Scottish government.However opposition members said he had been "ambiguous" and had not been clear about what information would actually be provided.Tory member Murdo Fraser said he "regrets very much" that Mr
Fr Donegan has ministered in the Ardoyne area for the last 15 years, and is due to take up new duties next week at the Tobar Mhuire retreat centre in Crossgar
The girl suffered mild burns to her face, arm, and leg, and was taken to hospital.The vapouriser was inside another man's pocket when it malfunctioned, causing minor burns to his leg.
Ulster University of Ulster (UU) has warned that EU students could leave Northern Ireland after the UK leaves the European Union.The stark prediction is included in a briefing document prepared by the university and obtained by the BBC.
The US has suspended its participation in bilateral talks with Russia over the collapse of a truce in Syria, the US State Department has said.The US said it was suspending the talks because Moscow and the Syrian government had failed to live up to its own commitments.Russia said it regretted the US move.
Herd, 27, capped four times by Australia, was a free agent
Aston Villa boss Steve Bruce is favourite to replace Roberto di Matteo at the club, according to BBC Radio 5 live pundit Paul Savage. Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce has been named as the favourite to take over from Roberto Di Matteo as the club's new manager, BBC radio 5 live presenter Paul Savage has said.
The Hannover forward, who will also miss Austria's game in Serbia on Sunday, has been replaced by Sturm Graz striker Deni Alar.
At least 1.8 million more households will be looking to rent rather than buy a home by 2025, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) claims.
Mous Moussa Dembele has made an instant impact this season with 12 goals for Celtic
Here are just some of the highlights of a week that will likely cast a shadow over US politics for years to come.
Australian singer, 48, and English actor Joshua Sasse, 28, announced their engagement earlier this year.
"We have been working with the Duchy of Lancaster on a viability study of the building, which is due to be completed in October. "The viability study, which the council contributed to as well, is currently taking place and the results are due very shortly."
Burnley's Michael Keane called up by Gareth Southgate for England. Burnley defender Michael Keane has been called up to England's World Cup qualifier against Malta.
The BBC National Short Story Award for the first time was awarded to KJ Orr for her short story "Disappearances". The winner was shortlisted for the BBC National short story award for her debut collection of short stories, Disappearances.
Annemiek van Vleuten: 'It's not necessary to go crazy going downhill'. The Dutchwoman was leading the road race in Rio when the crash took place. "It's sort of a miracle but I sort of expected it," said Anna van der Breggen. "I was angry about it because the rules are for everyone and you cannot make exceptions. It's very special to miss three tests in one year, a really big achievement. Maybe because she's the world champion they made an exception for her but I don't think that's fair. "It makes a lot of sense, given what
Rahama Sadau said sorry to those she upset, but said her actions were "innocuous".Hausa films are popular in the mostly Muslim northern Nigeria where it is taboo for men and women to hold hands in public.But many people in northern Nigeria felt she had gone too far with Classiq in the music video, reports the BBC's Isa Sanusi from the capital, Abuja.
The Scottish government wants some households to pay more to raise money for education, and finance secretary Derek Mackay gave evidence to committee backing the plan.The proposals would see the average band E household pay about £2 per week more, and the average household in the highest band (H) about £10 a week more.The committee formally recommended the scheme to parliament after members voted four to two in favour of it.Members also rejected an amendment from Green MSP Andy Wightman noting "concerns" about wider local tax plans.
Paul Charles Wilkins, 70, of Littleport, Cambridgeshire, travelled to California in January to "engage in illicit sexual conduct" with boys aged 10 and 12, US officials said.
A Birmingham police officer has been found guilty of sexually assaulting two women in his patrol car in the early hours of two separate incidents.The crimes took place between February and April 2015.Chief Constable David Thompson said the case represented "one of the worst violations of policing integrity I've ever seen".He added: "You exploited that trust and you have brought disgrace on yourself and indeed the force you served."
Southern Rail urges passengers to post messages to RMT. Southern Rail has urged its passengers to tweet to the RMT union to tell them how they feel about on-going strike action.
Erin Cross, from Chester, received gene editing therapy in the USA after a Â£100,000 appeal raised the cash.
Conwy Falls project shelved by Innogy Renewables UK Ltd. The company said the decision to withdraw the application was made following a late request for additional information.
Herbert Kilpin left Nottingham to work in Italy in the 1890s and later set up the club, becoming the team's first superstar in the process.Kilpin led the club to its first three championships and even designed its legendary red and black striped shirt.
Golf is good for you, according to a new study. A review of 5,000 studies on golf and wellbeing found physical benefits increased with the player's age.
A survey of 2,750 11- to 18-year-olds found one in 10 admitted checking their mobile phones for.
PerúSAT-1 can see features as small as 70cm.
A new report suggests crisis teams in the UK are under too much pressure.The research, published in the Journal of the National Confidential Inquiry into Suicide and Homicide by People with Mental Illness (NCISH) report suggests the teams are bearing the pressure of caring for patients who actually need a more acute level of care, such as inpatient beds.A third had been discharged from hospital in the previous fortnight, while a further three had been using the service for less than a week.Crisis resolution/home treatment (CRHT) teams are made up of psychiatrists, mental health nurses, social workers and support workers
££4 adult fare on 903 route (before 1000) to city centre.
Some of the animals were so sick they died shortly after arriving at their new homes, or cost their new owners thousands of pounds in vet bills.
Sir Rod Temperton, who wrote hits for Michael Jackson, has died aged 66. Singer-songwriter Richard Temperton has died at the age of 66 after "a brief aggressive battle with cancer", a music publishing company has said. Singer/songwriter Sir Rod "The Invisible Man" Temperton died in London last week after a brief aggressive fight with cancer, a publishing company says. Singer and songwriter Richard "Rod Temperton", who wrote hit songs for pop superstar Michael Jackson and his band Heatwave, has passed away.
Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones has condemned the Conservative Party's "toxic rhetoric" on immigration. Welsh Labour First Minister Cymru Cymryn Jones has described the Conservative party's "terrible insult" to people who work day in, day out to save and improve lives across Wales.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has agreed to step down from his role as Director of cricket at the end of the current season.Brown's departure by'mutual consent' after four seasons in the job ends an association going back to when he first joined the playing staff, making his debut as a Second XI player in July 1989.His job has not been made easy over the past two years by the dressing-room complications brought on by the enforced early retirement of captain Jim Troughton in 2014 and the decline of Ian Bell's England career.This culminated in a sequence of captaincy changes, which saw Var
London's Heathrow airport has been linked to the development of a third runway, according to a new study.Air pollution levels at Heathrow have climbed above European health limits for the first time in more than a decade, a study has found.The study measured poisonous nitrogen dioxide (NO2) levels using 40 sensors in and around the airport.It then used modelling to predict what would happen in the future.However, the Aviation Environment Federation (AEF) said the research was "highly speculative" and there was no guarantee pollution levels would fall.Ministers will decide within weeks whether to enlarge Heathrow or rival Gatwick and
Corrie Mckeague: Three young people seen at Short Brackland in Suffolk. Three teenagers are being sought after a 23-year-old RAF airman who vanished after a night out in the town 11 days ago.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has written to the Prime Minister saying a second runway at Gatwick would be the "obvious choice" for the capital and Britain.
Teenagers are better at learning from their experiences - which would equip them well for leaving home and gaining independence as adults.
The White House and state department said plans for up to 300 new homes and an industrial zone were "another step towards cementing a reality of perpetual occupation" that would "further call into question Israel's commitment to achieving a negotiated peace".
We drove through the first small villages on the way to the capital Port-au-Prince, we could see the damage the hurricane was still inflicting. The roads were already awash with rushing muddy floodwaters, the people we passed were trying to cover themselves as best they could, but they were struggling just to move against the pouring rain. We were on the river bank looking at the misery, only to be told we were actually standing where four families' homes had stood just days before.
A second search has begun for a second site where police believe a digger driver may have accidentally run a toddler over on the day he disappeared. A second site has been opened for the second time in the search for the body of a toddler who went missing in Greece.Read more about this story and others from across South Yorkshire
Matching Models in London describes itself as "an international temp agency for beautiful and talented people". It advertised for a personal assistant with "a classic look, brown long hair with b-c cup".
Poland already has among the tightest abortion laws in Europe, and the proposal sought to ban all abortions unless the mother's life was at riskMPs voted to reject the bill by 352 votes to 58The bill came from an anti-abortion citizens' initiative that gathered some 450,000 signaturesThe proposals were not sponsored by Poland's ruling, socially conservative Law and Justice party (PiS) and MPs were given a free voteHowever, many PiS MPs initially voted to back the bill when it went before parliament last monthSome 100,000 people, mostly women, protested against the proposals in cities across Poland on Monday and appeared to prompt
England vs Bangladesh: Jos Buttler leads England to Dhaka. England will take on Bangladesh for the first time in a one-day international in Dhaka on Friday as part of a three-match ODI series. The England team will play their first ODI match in Bangladesh since the World Cup last year when they face a team who have won their last six ODI matches on home soil.The England and Wales Cricket Board said in August that tour would go ahead following a security review.Bangladesh army commandos performed drills inside the stadium on Thursday."We witnessed a graphic demonstration of the response capabilities of the
The High Court in London will hear the case on Thursday.The case will be heard by Lord Pannick QC, an independent member of the House of Lords, and Lord Eadie QC, who is also a member of parliament.The High Court will hear arguments on Thursday over whether the government is entitled to trigger Article 50 of the European Union's Lisbon Treaty without a vote in Parliament.The government's position is that triggering Article 50 is all about ending a treaty with other EU countries and so using prerogative powers in these circumstances is "entirely consistent with standard constitutional practice".Critics will argue in the
Virtual reality is becoming a common tool for people wanting to sell something. Estate agents use it to offer customers virtual walks from potential properties while Westfield shopping centre is using VR headsets to show off the latest fashion collections. In September 2015, Google launched Expeditions, a program designed to take thousands of school children around the world on a virtual trip - from the Great Barrier Reef to Mars.
Vardanian finished 11th in the -94kg class for Armenia, where he was born.
Trago Mills has started work on a new store and cafe at Cyfarthfa Retail Park in Merthyr Tydfil.Trago Mills, which runs three stores in Cornwall and Devon, was granted planning permission in 1999 but work.
The government says the aim of the law is to empower the majority black population who were disadvantaged by colonial rule.But critics say it has benefited Mr Mugabe's allies.There have been a number of protests against the government in recent months, largely because of the worsening economic situation.
Birmingham City 2-1 Nottingham Forest. Birmingham City's Dane Bendtner was stretchered off on a stretcher after suffering a knee injury in the 2-2 draw with Nottingham Forest at the City Ground.Eric Lichaj (Nottingham Forest) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is saved in the top centre of the goal.Hildeberto Pereira (Birmingham City) is shown the yellow card.Chris Cohen (Birham City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Stephen Gleeson.Eric Jutkiewicz (Brentford) right
Journalist Didi Akinyelure investigates why African art has become big business.
BBC Radio 4's Seriously... podcast features an interview with a young actress who says she now regrets playing a rape victim.
President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end Colombia's 50-year conflict with the Farc rebels.The peace deal was rejected by 50.2% of voters who went to the polls on 2 October.The committee acknowledged the result, saying: "What the 'No' side rejected was not the desire for peace, but a specific peace agreement."It also said that finding a balance between the need for reconciliation and ensuring justice for the victims would be a difficult challenge.Under the agreement, special courts would have been created to try crimes committed during the conflict.The Farc would also have
Bradford beautician Chaudhry Muhammad Shahid is being held as an accessory to murder.The men's lawyers, however, say they will apply to have the case dismissed due to a "complete lack of evidence".Ms Shahid, 28, from Bradford, died in July in Pakistan.
GKN Aerospace in Yeovil, Somerset, which makes airframes for Royal Navy helicopters, said the potential loss of the contact puts 230 jobs at risk.Leonardo, which assembles the Wildcat helicopter in the town, has told GKN it plans to take production in-house.The firm said the current arrangement was "no longer sustainable".The union Unite said it was a "massive blow".
England's first conker has been crowned the winner of the World Championship of Conkers.Tom Dryden, from Earls Barton in Northamptonshire, described the news as "absolutely outstanding".Lorna Clarke, from Oxford, took the the women's title.It's the second time she has entered the games.Organisers said 190 competitors from countries including Russia, the USA and Japan took part in the event.Read more about England's events on PinterestSince it began in 1965, the event has raised about Â£400,000 for blind and visually impaired charities.Ms Clarke, a digital
Creep Creepy clown sightings leave US baffled'Killer clowns' come to CanadaLurking clown arrested in Kentucky woodsIn a statement on its Facebook page, which appears to have since been deleted, the force wrote: "Victoria Police are aware of people who are parading in public wearing clown masks."The clown purge appears to be a copycat of incidents being seen in the USA recently."Any intimidating and threatening as well as anti-social behaviours will not be tolerated and will be investigated by Police."
The South Eastern Trust serves a population of approximately 345,000 people with a budget of almost £500m
Sports Direct says the pound's fall will hit next year's profit by about £15m. Sports Direct has said the fall in the value of the pound against the dollar will hit its results for the current financial year.
Forfar were on top after the break, but two Draper strikes won the tie.The Welsh side who started their season in the Champions League qualifiers came to Forfar in confident form with 11 straight wins behind them and they looked the more imposing side in the opening 20 minutes.Alex Darlington, who had scored both goals […].
Kieran Ridley, 32, poured petrol onto a nearby bin and lit it, the High Court in Edinburgh was told.He then left the property at Mallaig, Lochaber, having locked the front and back doors and some windows.
Chris Maguire (Oxford United) header from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal.Conceded by Charlie Raglan.Corner,  Oxford United.Foul by Matt Eastwood (Bradford City).Foul,  Bradford City.Corners,    Bradford City.   Oxford  United 1, Bradford City 0.  Oxford City   1,  Leeds United 0.
Doncaster Rovers 1, Colchester United 0: Tommy Rowe scores late to give Doncaster a 1-0 win. Tommy Rowe celebrates after scoring the opening goal of the game against Colchester.Tommy Rowe scores a late winner for Doncaster to give the hosts a 1 - 0 win over Colchester at the Stadium of Light. Tom Rowe scores in the last seconds of the first half as Doncaster beat Colchester 1 -0. Doncaster's Tommy Rowe heads home a free kick from outside the box in the second half to give his side the lead. Tom Rowe celebrates with his team-mates after scoring a
Actress Alison Bracknell, who played Zoe Tate in the ITV series from 1989 to 2005, set up the campaign for treatment in Germany
Police later arrested the 18-year-old suspect.The motive for the attack was not immediately clear.
Donald Trump is in a whole ocean of hot political water.Enough, quite possibly, to sink any chance he had of winning the White House.There is a violence in the phrases "grab 'em by the pussy" and "you can do anything" that any victim of abuse would recognise and that most women would find sickening.But this tape doesn't just offend women, judging from the reaction in the Republican party. It has offended a lot of men too. Whether those men will now withdraw their endorsements of him is yet to be seen.
"The internet's not an anonymous place where people can post without any consequences. People should think about their own conduct."
Colin Kennedy: "I have no intention of resigning". Colin Kennedy says he has no plans to resign from the board of crofting's regulatory body.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has announced the appointment of 21 MPs to his front bench, 14 of whom are women and four from the black and minority ethnic community.
Polish director Paweł Wajda has died at the age of 91.Wajda was born in 1926 in the north-eastern Polish town of Suwalki.His father was among the victims of the Katyn massacre of Polish army officers by the Soviet Union in 1940. He later studied to be a painter, before entering the Lodz Film School.In 1955, he made his feature film debut with Generation, set during the German occupation of Warsaw in World War Two.It was followed by Kanal, and Ashes and Diamonds, which form a trilogy about life in wartime Poland.Some of his
Donald Trump's attack on the Clintons came after moderator Anderson Cooper asked him about a 2005 video released on Friday that revealed Mr Trump bragging about groping women.The 70-year-old billionaire dismissed the remarks as "just words" and "locker room talk".When pressed on whether he had engaged in sexual misconduct, he denied doing so and instead focused on Mr Clinton's previous indiscretions.
Turia Pitt received burns to 65% of her body and was told she would never compete again after the 2011 ultra-marathon in Western Australia.After 200 operations, she completed the 226km (140 mile) Hawaii event on Sunday.
Nobel economics prize goes to Finnish economist Anders Holmstrom and American economist Anders Hart. The economics prize is the only Nobel not created by Alfred Nobel, and was instead launched in 1968, long after the philanthropist's death.
Jaime Winstone and Sam Spiro to play Barbara Windsor in new BBC biopic.Jaime Winstone, who will play the EastEnders and Carry On actress in her 20s, said: "I... am so excited to step into her national treasure shoes!"The biopic will also feature two child actors as the younger Dame Barbara.After portraying Windsor in the 1998 stage play Cleo, Camping, Emmanuelle and Dick and in TV's Cor Blimey!, Spiro reprises the role of Babs in her 50s.
The culprits are said to be following a trend that started in the US.
Two missiles hit the water before reaching the USS Mason, a guided-missile destroyer
A man and his dog were pulled from the water by the fire service at Stanborough Park, Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire.
" felt dangerous," said Ms Egginton-Murray, adding: "It felt unethical and it felt very sad."The trust denied the list's existence and said severe cases were treated.The Ministry of Justice declined to comment when contacted by the BBC saying this was not within its area of responsibility.
Around 150 countries are meeting in Kigali to try and agree a speedy ban on hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) gases.HFCs were introduced to limit damage to the ozone layer, but cause much greater levels of global warming than CO2.However nations are divided over the speed and timing of any phase-out.Concern over a growing hole in the ozone.
JCB's chairman, Lord Bamford, was a prominent supporter of the Brexit campaign
British Gymnastics suspends pommel horse gold medallist Adam Smith. British gymnast Adam Smith has been suspended from the sport after a video emerged showing him laughing while a retired gymnast mimics Islamic prayer practices.
A new report says girls as young as 10 are forced to marry much older men in countries including Afghanistan, Yemen, India and Somalia.The report, called Every Last Girl, ranks countries based on schooling, child marriage, teen pregnancy, maternal deaths and the number of women in parliament.
Brentford 0, Derby County 0: Scott Carson saves from John Egan and Romaine Sawyers. Craig Bryson (Derby County) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.Foul by Sullay Kaikai (Brentford).Attempt missed. Tom Ince with a headed pass.Scott Carson (Derder County) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Tom Ince wins a header from the left side of the box which is turned over by Daniel Bentley.Craig Bryson wins a corner kick. Tom Hogan (B Brentford) right
MK Dons 3, Bristol Rovers 2.  MKDons 3.    Ben Reeves (MK Dons) right footed shot from long range on the right is saved in the bottom right corner.Assisted by Jake Clarke-Salter.Hand ball by Samir Carruthers.Ben Reeves (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Foul by Cristian Montaño.Dean Lewington is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.  Dean Lewington (Kolkata FC) is sent off for a foul on Chris Lines.  Daniel Col
Anthony Knockaert (Brighton and Hove Albion) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.Assisted by Gaetan Bong (Wolverhampton Wanderers) header from a difficult angle on the right misses to the left. Assisted by João Teixeira with a cross following a corner.Jón Dadi Bödvarsson wins a free kick in the attacking half.Conceded by Samir Nasri,    Wolverhampton   Wanderers. Conceded in the first half,  Brighton   and  H
West Ham Ladies' team join Premier League club. West Ham have announced the addition of the ladies' team into the West Ham family.
Simpson had beaten Egypt's Karim Ali Fathi in the opening round.
Sir John Chilcot will appear before MPs on 18 October.
A letter from an NHS England official to managers and GPs in one region suggests vulnerable practices could be left to "wither by the system". The note, seen by the BBC and Pulse magazine, claims NHS England is no longer able to "continue supporting practices irrespective of their ability… to transform appropriately".
It depends where you live in Africa, but chickens are increasingly migrating - in freezers - from Brazil, Germany or other European Union countries to the continent.Imports of chicken to sub-Saharan Africa tripled between 2004 and 2014, according to figures from the US Department of Agriculture.Here's a look at reasons behind the huge increase and what can be done to help fatten up the continent's poultry industry - in four points:1) Why chickens not cows?Africa has a growing population, which is projected to double to 2.5 billion by 2050, and with that has come an increased demand for the consumption
Homicide in Scotland: The number of homicide victims for 2015-16 stood at 57, down five on the previous 12 months.
A man has been arrested and is understood to be among those pictured in a recent police CCTV images appeal.
Andrea Lewis, 51, was found dead at a home in Fairyland Road, Tonna, Neath, on 30 January 2016
Nick Kyrgios beats Sam Querrey to progress to the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine said the UK would never be a world-beating economy unless young people were better educated.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan was a close associate of another one of the group's propagandists, Abu Muhammad al-Adnani
North East Coast Exhibition 2018: Will organisers take inspiration from the Great Exhibition? The North East Chamber of Commerce has said the 2018 event will not be the first in the region.
Harlequins sign fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from French Top 14 side Toulon. Harleyquins have signed South Africa-born Fly-half DEMETRI CATRAKILIS from French side Leinster on a two-year deal.
Tim Timm van der Gugten, Michael Hogan, Graham Wagg and Craig Meschede have joined Glamorgan in a bid to bolster their fast bowling ranks.The county finished third in the County Championship table, but were relegated to Division One. The county finished fourth in the county Championship table last season.
I'm planning on going to New York in December, should I get my cash now or wait?
Three Syrian refugees have been praised by politicians and fellow refugees for their heroics in rescuing a Syrian man who escaped from police custody in Germany's eastern city of Leipzig.Suspect Jaber al-Bakr gave elite commandos the slip over the weekend, sparking a two-day manhunt.Police believe Mr Bakr was planning to bomb a Berlin airport.Police had been watching Mr Bakr, 22, for months, but he evaded police surveillance on Saturday in the eastern German city of Chemnitz, just as the authorities were preparing to storm an apartment where he was staying.Mr Bakr, who is
"I'd like to thank all three players for their contributions over the season."
The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 has been recalled because of overheating fears, but because they were removable it did not mean a well-reviewed flagship had to be scrapped.There have been huge battery-related recalls before - Nokia had to ask consumers to send back 46 million batteries in 2007.
President Rodrigo Duterte has said he wants to maintain the Philippines' ties with the US.
The new stand will increase the capacity to more than 7,200 from 4,720.
Northern Ireland's five teachers' unions have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education and the employers in Northern Ireland.The offer was rejected outright by the unions as were, I understand, earlier and higher offers.Given the speed by which the teaching union's statements have issued, I assume they had predetermined their response prior to the negotiations concluding.The education minister said the rejection of the offer was "disappointing."Peter Weir added that while he "greatly values" the "hard work teachers do" the package offered was a "realistic one".
Abellio, Arriva, Keolis Amey and MTR will be responsible for delivering a major upgrade to the rail network in and around Cardiff as part of the Metro scheme.
Fury is not the first boxer to lose motivation having reached the pinnacle of the sport, and he certainly won't be the last.After pulling off one of the greatest shocks in sporting history by beating the seemingly invincible Mike Tyson in 1990, Buster Douglas didn't train much, got fat and lost the world heavyweight crown to Evander Holyfield in his first defence. The American promptly retired, almost doubled in weight, then nearly died after falling into a diabetic coma before being struck down by depression.Jess Willard's victory over the great Jack Johnson in 1915 was almost as unbelievable as Douglas's upset of Tyson, and his reign
The NSW parliament has condemned Donald Trump as a "revolting slug" after he made lewd comments about women and minorities.The motion was filed by Greens party MP Jeremy Buckingham to the Upper House of the NSW parliament.
Asia Bibi was the first woman to be sentenced to death under Pakistan's blasphemy laws and her case is one of the most controversial. She was sentenced to hang in 2010 for insulting the Prophet Muhammad during an argument with Muslim women.
Italian playwright Dario Fo, who died at the age of 89, was one of the most performed modern playwrights anywhere.He was also known for Mistero Buffo, a one-man play he travelled the world with for 30 years.His plays often starred his actress wife Franca Rame.Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, a target himself of Fo's sharp wit, remembered him on Thursday as "one of the great protagonists of theatre, culture and the civic life of our country".He said: "His satire, his research, his work on set design, his multi-facet
Michael Callaghan has been appointed as manager of Cork City of Dublin. Former Republic of Ireland defender Michael Callahan has been named as the new manager of County Cork.The 50-year-old Dubliner won two league titles with the Crues in 1995 and 1997 and began his managerial career at Seaview before taking charge of several League of Ireland clubs.His most recent position was as Roddy Collins' assistant at Waterford United.
Mark Drakeford will be presenting the Welsh Government's spending plans to AMs for the first time since he was installed as finance secretary.The last financial plan - for 2016/17 - saw cuts for local government but rises in funding for the NHS and education.This year's plan, as in previous years, is likely to be a story of how the government manages declining pots of Westminster cash and what priorities it has.Last week experts warned that NHS Wales faces a £700m black hole in its finances in just three years time.Wales cut NHS funding in 2010 and for three years after that - leading to a torrent of
A number of passengers were left shaken and were checked over by paramedics at the scene.
Find out how anyone can get involved with just about any sport with our special guides.
The inaugural event - which is running until 5 November - features scores of local, national and international comedians, with Tom Stade among the headliners.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger: Gareth Southgate 'has accumulated experiences and is a good observer of what's going on in the national team'
Chesterfield striker denies raping a 19-year-old woman at a Premier Inn in Rhuddlan, Denbighshire, on 30 May 2011.He insists she agreed to let him "join in" while she was having consensual sex with fellow footballer Clayton McDonald, 27, after a night out in Rhyl.The prosecution and defence have now both presented their evidence and the judge is directing the jury before each side presents their closing arguments.Mrs Justice Nicola Davies told the jury at Cardiff Crown Court to decide the case "calmly, objectively and without emotion".She said: "Your task as a jury is to consider the
Burkina Faso family lawyer asks France to declassify military documents. A family lawyer has asked French authorities for declassification of military documents to see whether France played a role in the 1987 assassination of former president Laurent Sankara. A lawyer for the family of slain former president Jean-Bertrand Sinkara says he has asked the French government for declassified military documents.
A man's body has been found dumped in a lay-by near Glossop, Derbyshire.Police are liaising with Europol, as the unidentified victim could be a foreign national.It is thought the body was dumped some time between 21:00 BST and midnight on Sunday
Pep Guardiola: Former Barcelona star Xavi believes the Manchester City boss can change the mentality of English football. Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi says Pep Guardiola can change Manchester City's mentality. Former Spanish midfielder Xavia believes Pep Guardiola could change the attitude of English players.
Burton Albion 2, Birmingham City 0. Burton Albion beat Birmingham City 2-0 to move six points clear at the top of the Championship after Jamie Ward scored the opening goal of the season. Birmingham City were held to a goalless draw by Burton Albion at the Deepdale Stadium, but Jamie Ward put the Brewers ahead with a superb finish. Burton's second victory in nine league games lifts Nigel Clough's side six places to 13th in the Championship, while Birmingham remain fifth.
John Jay Moores on verge of £50m Liverpool takeover. A United States consortium is on the verge of securing a deal to take control of Liverpool, according to reports.
Operation Calderdale16 was its biggest ever live training exercise
Labour said giving working parents 30 hours free childcare a week for 48 weeks of the year would cost an extra £84m annually.
Some tenants were charged??150 to have properties taken off the market while a contract was finalised, others charged??65 for cleaning the property
Martin Gallagher, 25, faces a charge under the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
Private Sean Benton's family have applied for a fresh inquest into his death at Deepcut Barracks. A family of a young soldier who was found dead at a military base in south-west England has asked for a new inquest into the circumstances of his death.A family of one of four young soldiers who died at a British Army base in South-east England is asking for a second inquest into their death.The coroner, Justice Collins, said fresh evidence had "come to light which casts some doubt upon the correctness" of the original decision.He added that under article two of the Human Rights Act there was material that questioned
Wales is ready to support the UK government in welcoming greater numbers of vulnerable childrenMr Jones made the case in a joint statement with Kirsty Davies-Warner, head of Oxfam Cymru; Mary Powell-Chandler, head […].
Billie Joe Armstrong's Revolution Radio is a critique of US society.
BBC Studios has announced plans to cut about 300 staff across the UK.
Breast and Cosmetic Implant Registry - which will be managed by NHS Digital - will include patients treated by both NHS and private providers.The inclusion of individual patients' details will not be mandatory.However, all providers of breast implant surgery will be expected to participate in the scheme.
The caves have been digitally reproduced as part of the city's first Festival of Caves.
Cheryl Cope, 51, from Haringey, had suffered flu-like symptoms for 10 days before she was admitted to the Whittington Hospital.She died 24 hours after being admitted to hospital.
The painting, depicting the 1654 ceremony, had hung in Rokeby Park, Barnard Castle, since 1880, according to its owner Sir Andrew Morritt.But it became damaged.Now after being restored, Sir Andrew is trying to find out how it ended up in Durham.Experts have studied it, but do not know who painted it.It has also not yet been valued.
Derry City 2-1 BohemiansDerry made a slow start as Kurtis Byrne put Bohs ahead on 17 minutes.Aaron McEneff levelled from a 51st-minute penalty before Rory Patterson struck the winner on 64 minutes.
A social media campaign had proposed giving Halti mountain summit to Finland for its 100th birthday next year.
Norwich City 0, Preston North End 1: Daniel Johnson sends Canaries to first home defeat of the season. Daniel Johnson heads in a free-kick to send Norwich City to a 1-0 home defeat by Preston on Saturday.Daniel Johnson heads home a free kick to give Norwich City their first home victory of the Championship season. Norwich City    0 Preston  North End   1 Daniel Johnson   headers in a first home win of the Premier League season. Daniel Johnson (Norwich City) header from the centre of the box misses to the right.Callum Robinson (Preston North End) left foot
Gillingham 1, Charlton Athletic 1. Nicky Ajose (Charlton Athletic) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner.Penalty conceded by Chris Herd (Gillingham) with a hand ball in the penalty area.Foul by Jake Hessenthaler.Ezri Konsa Ngoyo is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Ricky Holmes wins a free kick in the attacking half.Paul Konchesky is shown a yellow card in the defensive half for a foul on Josh Magennis.Paul Nouble wins the free kick on the right wing
Er Erhun Oztumer (Swindon Town) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.Foul by Amadou Bakayoko (Walsall).Attempt missed.Eztumer claimed his second in the 51st minute, controlling a long ball over the top before volleying into the back of the net to secure the points for the Saddlers.The midfielder tried his luck from 40 yards out after seeing Lawrence Vigouroux off his line to score his sixth goal of the season before grabbing his seventh in the second half.Andreas Makris should
Partick Thistle 1, Ross County 1: Sean Welsh equaliser. Sean Welsh scores from the penalty spot after Ryan Dow fouled Kris Doolan in the box to give Partick thistle a 1-1 draw with Ross County. Ryan Dow (Ross County) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner.Conceded by Danny Devine.Ryan Dow is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Ross County manager Jim McIntyre: "It's a stonewall penalty. If the ref deems the first one a penalty, that's every bit as much a penalty
Jess Ennis-Hill: Why the 'hard-working mum' deserves her place as Britain's greatest ever athlete. I met Jess when she was nine and I saw this kid who stood out from her peers because she was just that bit quicker. She had the shortest competitive preparation for Rio with injuries and it was not the most sensible competitive programme to try and retain an Olympic title.
Police are now urging anyone who saw the man to get in touch.
Neil Hoilett made his Cardiff debut in Friday's 2-1 Championship win over Bristol City.
A man has been seriously injured after a firework was dropped through the doorway of a fish and chip shop in Belfast. A man is in a serious condition in hospital after a fireworks incident in Belfast.
Dafydd Elis-Thomas, the former presiding officer of Plaid Cymru, has announced his resignation from the National Assembly for Wales.He has rejected demands for him to stand down and trigger a by-election.Labour has a minority of AMs in the assembly and needs other parties to help govern.Plaid has not agreed to a formal coalition deal with Labour, but did allow Carwyn Jones to return as first minister following an earlier deadlocked vote.
Barcelona are the best team I have played against, says Pep Guardiola. Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are "the best team" he has played against in his managerial career.
Jose Mourinho's Manchester United were beaten 2-0 by Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday as Jose Mourinho suffered his first defeat in the Premier League since he was sacked in December 2015.Chelsea manager Antonio Conte said: "We made a fantastic start. We scored the early goal but we continued to play good football, intensity and possession, create many chances.We didn't need a type of win, which was easy to win, we did not need to win the third match, we need to show that we are close to the top."It was not a good situation when Chelsea conceded in every game - we change and
Agriculture is contributing itself to about one fifth of the global emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, according to the report.
Liam Broady and Katie Watson win the women's doubles title at the China Open in Taipei.
Kilcoo 1-6 to 0-6 Scotstown. Michael Johnston scores a great goal to put KilcoO 3-9 to 1-5 ahead in the second half as they set up a meeting either Kilcar or Glenswilly on 30 October.Michael Johnston's goal was always likely to prove decisive in such a low-scoring contest.
Brendan Foley: 'The smartest rugby player I have ever had the honour of playing with or against'. Brendan Foley was a stubborn back-row forward, a number eight that would never take a backward step for anybody. He was the best player in the history of Munster and Ireland, and one of the best in the world. He was one of Ireland's greatest and most influential sons. He had a sixth sense, an uncanny ability to be in the right place at the right time. His reading of rugby games was extraordinary at times. It was easy to see where Foley got it from. He loved the inter
Westfields face Curzon Ashton in FA Cup first-round draw. Westfields will play in the Isthmian League Premier Division, the seventh tier of English football.
Sir Bradley Wiggins: Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford defends TUEs. Team Sky manager Sir Dave Brilsford says he is "not proud of the way I dealt with this" after details of his therapeutic use exemptions were released.
EY predicts that the economy will grow 1.9% this year, but that performance will fizzle out as inflation rises. The economy's stability since June's Brexit vote was "deceptive", EY said.
Team Brewster beat Olympic silver medallists skipped by David Murdoch 7-2 9-5 at Perth's Dewars Centre to clinch the men's spot. Glen Muirhead's long-term girlfriend Anna Sloan makes her return from injury this week.
Ben Needham's mother Kerry Needham said she just wanted to "tear up" the whole island.She said: "Someone knows where he is. For God's sake, help me find him. We know he's dead but we need to find him."Police said it's time we ended our 25-year search. They are right but I can't say goodbye knowing he's still on that island somewhere.
The powdery white beaches of Zanzibar's east coast are best known as a holiday destination.But each day, as the tide begins to ebb and the beachgoers return to their hotels,.
A woman has said a man came to her door and asked her to call an ambulance after he was shot five or six times in the leg.The victim, a 56-year-old man, is in a stable condition in hospital.The woman said she and a neighbour tended to the man while waiting for the ambulance, which she said arrived quickly and took him away.She said she does not think the man was local to her area.Stephen Magennis, a Sinn FÃ©in councillor,
Families were blocked from visiting the Chorley Pals Memorial Site at Serre-les-Puisieux
Agency staff are more expensive because the NHS has to cover the agency fees and employers costs.
Borussia Dortmund 3, FC Ingolstadt 04 3: Aubameyang and Lezcano put Dortmund 2-0 up before half-time. Dortmund striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reduced the deficit shortly before the hour mark but Dario Lezcano notched his second moments later to complete the comeback. Dortmund goalkeeper Florent Hadergjonaj saved a header from the centre of the box from Christian Pulisic, but the winger's header from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Dortmund defender Philipp Lahm (Borussia Dortmund) is shown the yellow card for
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson is out for up to eight weeks with a calf injury.
The FBI says it did not change the classification level of an email about the 2012 attacks on the US diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya.The email in question described reports in November 2012 that Libyan police were arresting suspects in the attack of two months earlier, which left Ambassador Christopher Stephens and three other Americans dead.Other interesting revelations from the newly released FBI documents include:The 100-page FBI document published on Monday says an unnamed FBI official was "pressured" in summer last year to change the classified Clinton email to unclassified.The official said he had received a call from a colleague - whose name is also redacted - at
West Indies v Pakistan: Day-night Test in UAE fails after lacklustre turnout. West Indies captain Dwayne Bravo hits 116 in the first day of the first Test in the United Arab Emirates against Pakistan in Abu Dhabi. The West Indies celebrate their 400th Test victory over Pakistan in the UAE with a day-night test in Dubai.
Olympique de Marseille owner Frank McCourt plans to invest 200m euros in club. Former Los Angeles Dodgers owner Tom McCourt has announced plans to buy Marseille over the next four years.
South Sudan's Riek Machar says he is going to return to the country to negotiate a peace deal with President Salva Kiir.
Cardiff Blues will face second-placed Bath twice in December, with both teams unbeaten going into the first of those games.
UKIP is looking for a new leader following the shock resignation of Diane James, who had succeeded Nigel Farage after the EU referendum.MEP Steven Woolfe, who was seen as the frontrunner, quit the party on MondayHe had been hospitalised after a "scuffle" with fellow MEP Mike HookemSpeaking to the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme, Mr Coburn denied Mr Woolfe's claim that UKIP was in a "death spiral" and had become ungovernableMr Coburn said the incident between Ms James and Mr HookeM had been "regrettable" but had involved only two people rather than the whole party
World number 12 David Goffin of Belgium is the top seed in Antwerp
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton take part in the final presidential debate at the University of Nevada in Las Vegas. It will be hosted by Fox News presenter Chris Wallace and kicks off at 21:00 ET (01:00 GMT).While they do or don't spend most of the day doing debate prep, their running mates will be out on the road. Tim Kaine is holding rallies for the Clinton campaign in the battleground states of Ohio and North Carolina, while Mike Pence will be pushing the Trump message in Colorado.Although neither VP candidate can compete with the candidates' daughters. Ivanka Trump will be speaking at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit in
Kilmarnock 2-0 Hearts: Souleymane Coulibaly and Steven Smith seal three points. Souley mane coulibaly scores his ninth goal of the season as the home side beat Hearts to claim a vital three points in the Scottish Premiership. Souly mane Coulbaly scores the opening goal for Kilmarna­nock as the away side lose to Hearts at the Parkhead Stadium. Souley ma­lmane cilibaly is a real showman. The fans love him.
Rangers 1, St. Johnstone 1: Blair Alston puts Saints level. Rangers 1-1 St Johnstone at Ibrox. Rangers go level on points with the second-placed Dons with a point after a 2-1 victory over St Johnstones. Rangers stay fifth in the Scottish Premiership after a 1-0 victory over Saints at the weekend. Rangers remain fifth on 16 points from a possible 30 following a 1 1 draw with Hearts.
John Wright to return to Derbyshire as coach. John Wright will return to Derby as coach for the T20 Blast.
Bafta Children's Awards: TrueTube up for three awards. Horrible Histories also earned three nominations, all for its special episode.
Hans Hans Ulrich Obrist has topped ArtReview's annual Power 100 list.
Kl Klitschko is reportedly reluctant to fight without at least one of the WBA or WBO titles on the line.
Celtic-Motherwell: Five-year-old boy apologises to club. A five-year old boy has apologised to Celtic for not making it to their game against Motherwell.
Father-of-two Timothy Mardon was shot in the leg after hearing intruders going from room to room. A man with a stocking over his head burst into the room wielding a gun, the court heard.
Savannasaurus elliottorum was found near the town of Winton in Central West Queensland. It has been named after members of the Elliott family, who found the fossil in a pile of bones while rounding up sheep at their property.
Eric Eric Johnson, 31, moved to the UK from the Caribbean aged four.
"The frontline foreign fighters are rarely there. They've vanished. The houses they occupied are vacant," said one source, speaking anonymously."They're leaving it to the local fighters, who will become the scapegoats."The IS leadership in the city is also described as "melting away"."It's a lost cause. It's the end of days for them," says one of the scholars.
Brazil's former speaker Eduardo Cunha has been arrested on suspicion of taking bribes from a company that won contracts with the state oil company, Petrobras.He has been detained for an indeterminate period.He was arrested in the capital, Brasilia, and has been transferred to the southern city of Curitiba, where federal judge Sergio Moro is leading the corruption probe.The fact that he has dual Brazilian and Italian citizenship also increased the risk of him trying to evade justice, added Mr Moro.Mr Moro said he had ordered the arrest because there was "a real possibility of [Mr Cun
West Indies v England: Alex Hartley and Katherine Brunt bowl England out for 155. West Indies beat England by five wickets in the fifth and final ODI to seal a series victory in the Caribbean. England beat West Indies in the fourth and final one-day international to seal an impressive series victory.West Indies captain Stafanie Taylor was dismissed for 57 in the first over of the match, while England's Nat Sciver scored 58 in the final over.England looked tense at 56-2 in the chase, but Sciver's unbeaten 58 saw them home with 67 balls to spare.The victory means England are one
Sir Philip's knighthood hinges on whether he makes good on a promise to secure the future of 20,000 BHS pension scheme members.As things stand, many of them face a cut in their pension benefits if the scheme ends up in the industry backed pension protection fund.But, the BBC has leaned that a meeting with the pensions regulator to work through obstacles to a final deal is scheduled before the end of the week.One MP voiced scepticism to the BBC about the timing, arguing it made the issue "essentially cash for honours".Sir Philip has vowed several times to sort out the pension problem, telling MPs
Four police officers were wounded as they tried to arrest a man in the Bavarian town of Georgensgmuend, south of Nuremberg. The suspect, described as a member of the extremist Reichsbuerger movement, opened fire on the officers.
Valentina Milluzzo was admitted to Cannizzaro hospital in the Sicilian city of Catania on 29 September after suffering complications and going into premature labour in her 19th week of pregnancy.She was in a stable condition in hospital for more than a fortnight but on 15 October her blood pressure and temperature dropped and her condition worsened.On 16 October she was transferred to intensive care, where she died.According to the family's lawyer, one of the foetuses was suffering breathing problems.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) said the Scottish government needed to take action now to avert a staffing crisis.
Northamptonshire Police said it had "overhauled" its dangerous dogs policy after a serious case review highlighted a number of failings. A report into the death of six-month-old Molly-Mae Wotherspoon has been released.
"I'm looking forward to playing for a club that plays such a big part in the community."
Lewis Hamilton: 'I'm going to give it everything I've got and everything is possible'. Lewis Hamilton says he is confident of winning the Formula One world championship if he can catch Nico Rosberg in the final four races of the season.Lewis Hamilton is 33 points behind the German with 100 available in the last four races, the first of which is the US Grand Prix in Austin, Texas on SundayThe Briton has won three of the four US Grands Prix held at the Circuit of the Americas since the event made its debut in 2012, and said he was "excited" about the weekendHamilton pointed out
A couple have admitted the rape and assault of a woman over an eight-year period.Two charges of false imprisonment were left on the books.
Ipswich Town defender Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship, says Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy. Ipswich's Chris Berra has been part of a side to have kept six clean sheets in their last nine Premier League matches.
Venezuela's National Assembly was hit by power cuts in the capital, Caracas, on Wednesday afternoon, reports said.The National Assembly is controlled by the opposition.The session was later suspended.
David Davis rebuffed Nicola Sturgeon's calls for Holyrood to be given powers over areas such as immigration as part of any deal with Brussels.
"It's getting out of hand. The situation had stabilised in recent years, but now it's broken out again," says Franky Song, 20, who works in a jeans shop in the CIFA Fashion Business Center.In this shopping centre, home to a few hundred clothing wholesalers, everyone would know someone who had been assaulted, he said. "We have the businesses, but not the build, so they take advantage of us."Heng, a middle-aged lady who has run a florist's with her husband in Aubervilliers for 17 years, joined the recent protests because
Anthony Joshua of Britain and Wladimir Klitschko agree to fight. WBO heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has confirmed he will fight WBO champion Joseph Parker on 10 December in New Zealand.
Russia's aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other Russian naval vessels are believed to be heading to the eastern Mediterranean.The ships are within international waters but Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the UK would "be watching as part of our steadfast commitment to keep Britain safe".The UK's Type 45 destroyer HMS Duncan, escorted by the Type 23 frigate HMS Richmond, sailed from Portsmouth on Tuesday to track the aircraft carrier group as it headed south from the Norwegian Sea.The Ministry of Defence said they would be "man-marked every step of the way" while near UK waters.A Russian tug, believed to be in convoy
The Blade Artist, featuring the return of Trainspotting character Begbie, has been shortlisted for the Fiction Book of the Year award.
The 40ft (12m) whale was discovered by wardens at the Holkham National Nature Reserve on Thursday
Mark McKenna, 38, from Northfleet, in Kent, pleaded guilty to arranging the commission of a child sex offence at Maidstone Crown Court last month.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has not started a game since the trip to Bournemouth on 10 September.
Archie Darby died on 13 October after being attacked by a Staffordshire bull terrier-type dog in Harwich Road, Colchester.
England will play their first day-night Test when they host West Indies at Edgbaston in August.
In 2008, about 40 were recorded on the seahorse study site at South Beach in the bay, but none have been spotted there since 2013
LibyaLibya's coast guard said it had not heard about the incident.At least four of the 150 people on board the dinghy fell into the water and drowned
The failure gives us a sense of how tough the Brexit talks will be, despite the UK's current alignment with its EU partners.For the UK post-Brexit it suggests two contrasting implications.For sure, there will be some important differences. For example, the UK is a more important export market than Canada, so some EU states will have a good deal to lose from failing to agree. But securing the agreement of all of them is unlikely to be straightforward.On the other hand, negotiating an agreement with other countries outside the EU should become easier.To put it bluntly, the British government won't need to care what
Scotland is an increasingly more confident country than when I was a child. More and more, Scotland is starting to understand that Scotland is ready to govern itself. It's more in sorrow than in anger that I am ready to say that I could support an independent Scotland. "I was a diehard unionist. Politics has changed, I've had my Britishness squeezed out of me.
Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers is looking forward to his first visit to Hampden Park as manager of the Scottish champions. Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says he is excited to make his first trip to the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers at the home of Scottish football.
A woman has been found dead at her home in Essex Close in Luton, Bedfordshire, and a man has been arrested in connection with her death.The woman's body was discovered in a wheelie bin on Monday night outside the entrance to the flats.
The UN bestowed the honorary title to the famed heroine, also known as Princess Diana of Thermyscira, on her 75th birthday on Friday, marking the launch of a.
Leeds United 2, Burton Albion 0. Souleymane Doukara (Leeds United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved by Burton Albion goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin.Ben Turner (Burton Albion) header from the right wing is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Chris O'Grady with a headed pass.Benjamin Turner (Brentford Albion) left footed free-kick from the left wing is saved in the middle of the goal. Ben Turner (Leeds United) header is blocked in the box by Matt Palmer. Ben Palmer (Lees
Middlesbrough 2-0 Bournemouth. Alvaro Negredo scores his first goal of the season as Boro record their first home win of the Premier League season with a 2-1 victory over Bournheim at the Riverside Stadium.Alvaro Ramón Ramirez scored a second-half winner as Middlescrough recorded their first Premier League win in five games with a 1-0 victory over relegation-threatened BOURNEMOUTH. Middlescao celebrate their first league victory in five matches with a goal from Ramón Ramón Negredo as Barenemouth suffer a first home defeat in the Premier
Dover Athletic 1, Tranmere Rovers 4. Dover Athletic 2, TANMARES ROVERS 4: Andy Cook and Ben Tollitt score twice to help Dover Athletic to a 4-4 draw at Tranmeere Rovers. Andy Cook scores twice to give Dover Athletic a 2-1 win over Tranmore Rovers.Own Goal by Mitchell Walker, Dover Athletic.Andy Cook (Tranmere Ro) is shown the yellow card.First Half begins.  Aswad Thomas (Dover Athletic).First Half ends.  Dover Athletic 0-0 TANMERE ROVERS  Dover
North Ferriby United 1, Bromley 2. Reece Thompson (Bromley).Second Half begins.  First Half ends.  West Bromley 0, West Bromwich Albion 0.First Half ends, West Ham United 0, East Ham United 1.First half ends. First half begins. West Bromfield 0, Walsall 0.Goal! West Bromford 1, West Bank United 0. First Half begins First half ends, East Bromfield 1, East Bank United 2.  East Bromford 0, Huddersfield 0.Second half begins West Bromyard 0, Hull City
A vicar has been arrested in North Yorkshire on suspicion of sexual assault following a complaint made to police.
Police were called to Station Road, Wood Green, at about 03:20 BST
Former Welsh secretaries Peter Hain and Paul Murphy want to change the law to ensure all candidates are on the Wales electoral register.
Scottish cyclist Nicola Archibald wins gold in the pursuit quartet at the Olympics.
Afghanistan is the world's largest producer of the substance, which is the main ingredient in heroinGrowing opium is a crime in the country, but it is still a major cash crop for impoverished farming communitiesThe Taliban also taxes poppy production in areas it controls
Steve Dillon, best known for his US collaborations with writer Garth Ennis, has died at the age of 56. Steve Dillon has died aged 56. His brother Glyn confirmed the death on Twitter.
The children will be transported from Croydon, south London, where they were taken from the Jungle camp by a private security company.The Home Office said they are unaccompanied, vulnerable children.It is not clear if the children are among a group that arrived under the "Dubs amendment" which grants refuge to particularly vulnerable individuals, such as those who are unaccompanied and without family ties in the UK.
Queen's University Belfast has released the results of a major survey of its staff. The BBC has obtained details of the major survey.Almost 70% of staff who responded agreed senior leaders provided "effective leadership".
The Jungle is situated at a place called Calais, which is on the north coast of France, right near to the UK.Many thousands of people travelled across Europe and arrived at Calais in order to try to cross the English Channel to reach the UK, where they believed they could live a.
Tottenham's Moussa Sissoko accepts violent conduct charge. Tottenham's Mauricio Pochettino accepts a charge of violent conduct for the elbow in Harry Arter's face during Saturday's goalless draw.
Scarlets 24-14 Cardiff Blues. Cardiff Blues: Matthew Morgan; Blaine Scully, Cory Allen, Rey Lee-Lo, Tom James; Steve Shingler, Tomos Williams; Rhys Gill, Kirby Myhill, Taufa'ao Filise, George Earle, James Down, Macauley Cook, Josh Turnbull (capt), Cam Dolan.
London's Big Bang - the day the City of London was deregulated, revolutionising its fortunes and turning it into a financial capital to rival New York.It is generally thought that Margaret Thatcher as Prime Minister drove through Big Bang as part of a programme of deregulation, but there were already powerful forces at work.By the early 1980s the competition authorities were threatening to take the stock exchange to the Restrictive Practices Court.Nicholas Goodison, then chairman of the Stock Exchange, believed it would be better to pre-empt the lawyers and avoid being forced to tear up its rule book.In any case the world was
World Series 2016: Chicago Cubs beat Cleveland Indians. The Chicago Cubs have beaten the Cleveland Indians to reach the World Series for the first time in 108 years. The Cubs beat the Indians to win the National League Division Series and advance to the Championship Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers. The World Series will be played at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Tuesday night.The Cubs have defeated the Indians in the Division Series to win their first World Series title since 1908.The Indians have not won a World Series since 1948.Media playback is not supported on this device 'Curse of the Bambino' - placed on the Red Sox
Gateshead midfielder Russell Penn extends his loan stay with Carlisle until 26 December.
Hoffenheim's Julian Nagelsmann has been sent off by the referee for insulting Julian Schmidt. Leverkusen coach Oliver Schmidt has been banned for two games and handed a 15,000 euros (£13,373) fine for insulting a referee.
Mae'r ardal wedi ei chynnwys yn y 10 uchaf gan y cyhoeddwyr yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliad, a chyfleoedd awyr agored sy'n gwneud y gorau o'r tirlun.Mae'r gogledd yn denu pobl ymwelwyr i Gymru wedi cynyddu ac y bydd y wobr yn rhan o farchnata'r llywodraeth ar
Dean Keates made over 150 league appearances for Wrexham
Jayne-Anne Gadhia, who has been chief executive officer of Virgin Money for nine years, will lead the review.The Scottish government said the review group would assess whether college and university students in Scotland receive fair and effective support.It will also examine the current repayment threshold and period for student loan debt.
Svetlana Kuznetsova will hope not, after she hacked some of her own hair off midway during a match.
Gregor Townsend: Scotland head coach Gregor Cotter 'disappointed' to leave Glasgow Warriors. Scotland boss Gregor Cotter says the "big year" ahead should keep the players focused.
MK Dons boss Karl Robinson leaves club. Karl Robinson, once the third-longest serving boss in England's top four divisions, oversaw the development of Dele Alli and led Dons to the Championship.
Daniel Bragg, 37, hit Julie Cook, 44, so hard he broke her left eye socket in the assault, police said.
The Transocean Winner rig ran aground at Dalmore on Lewis in a storm while being towed to the Mediterranean.
Zak Brown is of particular interest to McLaren because of his success in finding new sponsors for a number of teams.
World Series: Corey Kluber strikes out eight of the first nine outs as Cleveland Indians beat Chicago Cubs in Game One of the World Series.
Six Six people were aboard a raft on the Thunder River Rapids ride when it flipped after a collision with another raft.Police said it was "almost a miracle" that a boy and a girl who were on the raft survived.Friends and colleagues of those who died have been speaking out.Kate Goodchild, 32, was on a family holiday to attend a wedding, and decided to extend their trip to go the Gold Coast theme park.She was travelling on the ride with her 12-year-old, who survived the collision, and with her brother Luke Dorsett and his partner Roozbeh Araghi, both of
Prime Minister's Questions took an unusual turn when Jeremy Corbyn made reference to Baldrick, the turnip-loving and intellectually challenged servant to Rowan Atkinson's 1980s historical comedy character Edmund Blackadder.The Labour leader accused the prime minister of presiding over a "shambolic Tory Brexit" and called for clarity and warned of the effect of it might have on the Irish border.Mrs May pledged no return to the "borders of the past", saying a Common Travel Area had existed since 1923, and accused Mr Corbyn of trying to "frustrate the will of the British people" over the EU referendum.The
Cyrus Mistry says he had become a "lame duck" chairman and alleges constant interference, including being asked to sign off on deals he knew little about.He also warned the company risks huge writedowns across the business.Tata Sons, the holding company of Tata Group, unexpectedly replaced Mr Mistry with his predecessor Ratan Tata on Monday, giving no explanation or details about its decision.
South Sudan: 'I don't know if they are safe'. A young man says he is torn between two things - to go to school or to return home to bring his parents back to South Sudan.Kai, who is from the northern town of Bentiu, says he fears for his family's safety as he waits for the arrival of a regional protection force to secure the country's power struggle between President Salva Kiir and his sacked Vice-President Riek Machar. A 15-year-old boy who fled South Sudan for a second time has arrived at a refugee camp in South Africa,
It is an unlikely, a very unlikely turn of events. But it is not impossible that our decision to leave the European Union could end up being judged in the European Court in Luxembourg.Yes, that same court so despised by Eurosceptics could, in theory, fight to keep us in their clutches.As my colleagues have reported, the government is already fighting a challenge in the courts, an effort to make ministers accept that Parliament, not the prime minister, must decide when to trigger Article 50 - that's the legal mechanism that begins the likely tortuous process of us actually leaving
The Royal British Legion said the aim of the campaign was to challenge common perceptions.It comes as some charities have said younger veterans are being forgotten.
Audi withdraws from Le Mans. Audi has announced it will withdraw from the Le Mans endurance race, with two new entries to be allocated for 2018-19.
Glenfada Park museum fire: 'Total disrespect for victims'. A fire has destroyed a museum in the Bogside, close to where some of the 14 victims of Bloody Sunday were killed in 1972.
Co-op Energy has already paid most of the compensation after customers were affected by a new IT system in March last year.The system's introduction led to direct debits being blocked and lengthy waits.
A man has been remanded in custody after being charged with unlawfully and maliciously making or having in his possession an explosive substance.
Police officer Gordon Semple's body was dismembered and destroyed. A man has told a court that he killed a police officer who visited his flat for "the purpose of having fun" and then disposed of his body.
Children with four or more ACEs are three times more likely to get lung or heart disease later in life.The findings are being published to coincide with a major international public health conference, hosted by PHW in Cardiff.It is the last of three PHW studies looking at the first 1,000 days of life.More than 2,000 adults in Wales were interviewed.
A new type of battery could have five times the energy density of the lithium-ion forms in wide use today. But the prototype developed by a UK-Chinese team overcomes a key hurdle to their commercial development by taking inspiration from the gut.
Ministers and other government officials are being given a three-month deadline to hand over state-owned homes and vehicles.
The Ross Sea is the world's biggest protected area on the land or the sea, this is the first large scale MPA on the high seas, they are largely unprotected.The Ross Sea, its shelf and slope only comprise 2% of the Southern Ocean but they are home to 38% of the world's Adelie penguins, 30% of the world¿s Antarctic petrels and around 6% of  the world’s population of Antarctic minke whales.The region is important to the rest of the planet as the upwelling of nutrients from the deep waters are carried on
Ta'I am so excited that the club has given me the opportunity to stay'.
The building is the sole survivor of its kind in the capital, according to Historic England.
Shadow leader of the house Valerie Vaz joked that cries of "Don't panic! Don't panic!"
A controlled explosion was carried out by the Royal Logistics Corps bomb disposal unit at Singleton Park
Rio 2016: World Anti-Doping Agency says many athletes who had been targeted for testing "simply could not be found". A damning report has found that many athletes at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games had no record of any testing in 2016.
Brentford 0, Fulham 2.Tom Cairney (Fulham) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Sullay Kaikai with a cross. Stefan Johansen tries a through ball, but Floyd Ayité is caught offside.Andreas Bjelland (Brentford) is shown the yellow card.Tim Ream replaces Scott Malone.Paul Scholes    wins a free kick in the attacking half.Foul by Nico Yennaris (Bentford).Lasse Vibe (B Brentford) wins a
A man has died after being attacked outside a car park in Rhyl, north Wales, in a "targeted attack".Mark Roy Mason, 48, was assaulted outside Home Bargains on Marsh Road at 19:25 BST on Thursday
A judge has ruled there was nothing in the 1998 Good Friday peace agreement to prevent the UK government triggering Article 50, the formal legal process for leaving the EU.Two separate proceedings, one by a cross-party group of MLAs and another from victims' campaigner Raymond McCord, were heard earlier this month.Mr McCord said that "without a doubt" he would be taking his case to the Supreme Court.
Former aide to leader Nigel Farage described his ex-boss as a "political figure", adding that UKIP now also needed a "CEO, somebody who knows how to run an organisation".Speaking at a Westminster pub, Mr Kassam said the party should not be dragged "to the squishy centre ground".He added: "That's not to say that Nigel didn't try. But frankly he was trying so hard to get us out of the European Union and credit to him for that, that he can be forgiven for some of that, for all of that."
Scott Brown: Celtic midfielder returns to Scotland squad. Celtic manager Neil Lennon says Scott Brown's decision to return to the Scotland squad is not a surprise.
Wales internationals Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate, Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have renewed their national dual contracts for another two years. Cardiff Blues' Wales international Sam Warburtton has renewed his national dual contract with the club for another year, while Ospreys prop Dan Lancaster has signed a new two-year deal with the Welsh region.Ospreys' Wales prop Lancaster, who has won 26 caps for Wales, signed his first dual contract in January 2015.
Prue Leith made her last appearance during the series finale broadcast on Friday night, saying being on the show had brought her "huge pleasure" but that it was "time for a change".
Morrisons raises price of Marmite. Morrisons has raised the price of its Marmite to £2.64 for a 250g jar.
Ayr Sheriff Court heard how tempers flared as members of the far-right anti-immigration Scottish Defence League staged a counter demonstration against pro-refugee demonstrators on 15 November last year. A former Scottish Refugee Council worker has been found guilty of behaving in a racially aggravated manner at a counter-demonstration in Ayr last year.
A Boeing 767 bound for Miami experienced an "uncontained engine failure", officials involved in the investigation said.The pilot aborted the take-off and evacuated everyone on board via emergency chutes.
The deaths and the medical emergencies are linked to the same batch of heroin
Nigeria's army has detained more than 100 children in a military barracks in the north-eastern city of Maiduguri, the UN says. Nigeria's military has detained at least 100 children as part of its counter-insurgency operations against Boko Haram, the United Nations says.
Bradford City 1, Accrington Stanley 2: League Two Stanley win on penalties. Bradford City's first home defeat of the season and the second time they have beaten the Bantams this season, having won on penalties at home in the EFL Cup in August.Bradford City goalkeeper Colin Doyle makes a save to deny Romuald Boco's header from the edge of the penalty area, before the home side manage an equaliser in the 72nd minute.Bradford began well, almost taking the lead in the third minute but James Hanson's header was cleared off the line by Mark Hughes.Accrington went in
Mansfield Town 1, Plymouth Argyle 2: Stags 2-2. Mansfield Stags 1-2 Plymouth Artyle after Jordan Slew slotted home an excellent finish from 18 yards to give the Pilgrims a 2-1 win at Mansfield Park.Mitch Rose (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Mitch Rose.James Baxendale (Plymouth Town) left footed free kick from the left side of the box misses to the right.Foul by Ben Purrington.Mish Rose (P
Huddersfield Town 1, Birmingham City 1: Elias Kachunga equalises after Lukas Jutkiewicz scores the equaliser. Birmingham City's second draw of the season means they have not won in nine home league meetings against Birmingham - a run stretching back to October 1996.Birmingham City's first goal of the game came from a free-kick in the second half, but a second-half equaliser from Jonathan Hogg saw the Blues earn a 1-1 draw with Huddernfield Town at the John Smith's Stadium.Jonathan Grounds tries a through ball, but LukasJut
Kil Killie 0, Hamilton Academical 0. Kilmarnock are held to a 0-0 draw by Hamilton at Ibrox.
Motherwell 2-0 Dundee. Motherwell claim the ball had crossed the line when David Mitchell collided with a post while clutching an over-hit Scott McDonald cross.
Celtic 3, Inverness CT 0.Caley Thistle 0-3 Celtic Celtic Celtic    Celtic  Celtic 3  Celtic CT 0  Celtic 0-0  Celtic Celtic 1-0 Celtic Celtic 2-1 Celtic Celtic 3-1  Celtic.Celtic  Celtic 2,  Celtic 1 Celtic Celtic 0. Celtic 1, Celtic 0 Celtic Celtic. Celtic 0, Celtic 1  Celtic in the first half Celtic  3, Celtic CT 1. Celtic 3 Celtic CT 2, Celtic In the second half Celtic 1 - Celtic 0 Caley Celtic  In the third half Celtic 2 - Celtic
Guitarist and co-songwriter Johnny Marr has released an extract from his upcoming memoir Set The Boy Free in the Guardian and said he met with former band mate Morrissey in 2008. The pair discussed the possibility, which Marr said would "make a hell of a lot of people very happy".
Coco Crisp was the Indians' match-winner in the first World Series game at Wrigley Field since 1945.
Angelique Kerber celebrates after beating Agnieszka Radwanska to reach the final of the WTA Finals.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a crash on the A701 Howden Hall Road in Kaimes.
Test match: England close on 152-3 after 10 wickets fall in Chittagong. England's Chris Woakes and Adil Rashid put on 99 to give England a first-innings lead of 24 as Bangladesh regain the initiative in the second Test of the series against England. England captain Alastair Cook dismisses Imrul Kayes and Mohammad Mahmudullah to give Bangladesh a lead of 128.
The runway was last refurbished in 1999 and has a lifespan between 12 to 17 years
Welshman Chaz Davies won the race as Northern Ireland's Rea secured an unassailable 55-point lead going into the final race of 2016 on SundayEngland's Tom Sykes, who needed to win and for team-mate Rea to finish outside the top 14, finished fourth"I'm so, so happy. The job's done and the target is achieved," said Rea."It will take some time to sink in but I know we have done a wonderful job."He told Eurosport: "We started the season so strong that we were able to manage the last few races."I gave 200% in that
The drugs haul had a street value of more 2m euros (£1.8m/$2.2m).
Hull City 2-1 Southampton. Robert Snodgrass scores his fourth league goal of the season to give Hull City their first win in the Premier League since 20 August. Hull City boss Mike Phelan: "I'm really pleased for my players. We lost two players early in the game to what look like long injuries. I thought we caused our own problems giving the penalty away and not getting the ball quick enough.
World Golf Championships: Hideki Matsuyama wins WGC-HSBC Champions. Hideki Matsuyama shoots a six-under 66 in the final round of the WGC HSBC Champions to win the tournament in China, seven clear of Henrik Stenson and Daniel Berger.
England collapse: Bangladesh seal biggest win in their history. England collapse from 100-0 to 164 all out as Bangladesh secure the biggest Test series win in history with a 108-run win over England in Chittagong. Bangladesh secure their biggest Test win in the history of the series as they beat England by 108 runs to seal the series 1-1. Bangladesh celebrate their biggest win over the hosts in the first Test in Bangladesh since 2015. I've not seen the mood change between sessions like that before. I don't think I've seen a series where it's been impossible to know who's winning.
England collapse from 100-0 to 164 all out as Bangladesh claim first Test victory. England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions as Bangladesh claimed their first Test win.
They really fire the imagination and can teach us about previously-held beliefs and common rituals."Ritual marks were cut, scratched or carved into our ancestors' homes and churches in the hope of making the world a safer, less hostile place."
All Saints Day, 1 November, is when Catholics remember the saints and their own deceased family and friends.In Poland, where it is a public holiday, people light candles at their relatives' graves.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg wins the Mexican Formula One Grand Prix in Mexico City, with Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton finishing second to Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel.Rosberg had a scare at the start, when he ran wide at the first corner after locking a front tyre.But otherwise he was untroubled en route to his 51st career win.In the championship, the result changes little, and Rosberg can win the title by finishing second at the last two races of the season.Hamilton is 19 points adrift with a total of 50 available in Brazil and Abu DhabiRosberg can now regroup after a weekend on which
Broadband suppliers will now have to show upfront and monthly costs, without separating out line rental prices, according to the changes brought in by the Advertising Standards Authority.The rules were originally due to be implemented in May, but firms asked for more time to comply with the changes.The ASA said customers were now much less likely to be misled."The effect should be a real positive difference in how consumers understand and engage with ads for broadband services," said ASA chief executive Guy Parker.The move comes after research by the ASA, conducted with regulator Ofcom last year, found that most users could not correctly calculate bills based on the information given in
Residents awoke from a night of colourful fireworks to find the city covered in a thick grey blanket of smog
The toilet, in a busy park in Pudong New Area, will have 10 unisex stalls, plus some urinals and a stall for disabled people.
Turkey's largest newspaper, Cumhuriyet, has been closed after its editor-in-chief and several other staff were detained and arrest warrants issued for over a dozen of the paper's executives.The journalists are suspected of links to US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused of plotting the coup, as well as Kurdish militants.Turkey is currently under a state of emergency, imposed after the failed coup three months ago, in which more than 270 people died.Since then, a total of about 110,000 people have been sacked or suspended and 37,000 arrested.The government argues that Mr Gulen's network
The RMT union has said the offer, which includes a Â£2,000 bonus, "cannot be available indefinitely".
Tippi Hedren says Alfred Hitchcock threw himself on top of her in the back of his limousine and tried to kiss her. Actress says director "threw himself" on her in back of a limo in the early 1960s. Actress claims Alfred Hitchcock tried to "ruin" her career after she refused to submit her work for the Oscar nominations.
Wales Bill to be devolved on teachers' pay. The Welsh Government says it will consider devolving the power to decide the pay and conditions of teachers in Wales to the assembly and Welsh ministers. Wales' Secretary of State for Education Alun Cairns has said it would be "encouraging" for the Welsh Government to consider a proposal to devolve the power of deciding the pay of teachers' in Wales.The move is one of several improvements demanded by First Minister Carwyn Jones for the Wales Bill, which the Welsh government says it is not yet ready to support.The announcement was made as the much-
SKT won the Summoner's Cup in Los Angeles with a 3-2 victory over a team backed by phone-maker Samsung. SKT's Lee Sang-hyeok, aka Faker, was named as the most valuable player of the tournament.
Highland Wildlife Park: Victoria mated with male bear at Kincraig. A female polar bear has been taken off show at a Scottish wildlife park to protect her from being disturbed if she is pregnant.
Werner (RB Leipzig) header from very close range to the top right corner. Assisted by Emil Forsberg with a cross following a corner.Forsberg tries a through ball, but Karim Onisiwo is caught offside.Offside, 1. FSV Mainz 05.Hand ball by Marcel Sabitzer.Foul by André Ramalho (1.Fouls by Diego Demme (RBLeipzig).Yunus Malli from the left wing.Dominik Kaiser replaces Emmanuel Forsberg.Alexander Hack (1. Werner    Forsberg   1
Mark Turner, 55, tried to use an EpiPen to counter the severe allergic reaction but spilled the contents, a hearing at Exeter's County Hall was told.His wife Ali said on the day of his death in November 2015 the father of three ran into the house and then collapsed on the floor gasping for breath.
Wayne Bennett's first competitive game in charge, England were pipped by one point.
The Red Arrows are currently taking part in a 60-day world tour aiming to promote "the best of British", which includes its first ever display in China.The Royal Air Force (RAF) has announced that the Red Arrows fleet would be reviewed rather than imminently replaced.The RAF has confirmed that the fleet will be reviewed in the next year or two as part of defence cuts in the UK.The Red Arrows have been based at RAF Scampton, Lincolnshire.
South Africa's Nelson Mandela Foundation has called on President Jacob Zuma to resign, saying he has "failed the test" of leadership. South Africa is under a "real threat", with key government institutions being used to advance "private interests", according to the Nelson Mandela foundation.South Africa's ruling ANC party has been accused of "personalising matters of state around a single individual leader". South African president Jacob Zumasuma has failed the test of leadership and the country needs to hold to account those who were "looting" state resources, according to a report by the Nelson Mandla Foundation (NMF).
BBC Arabic's Feras Kilani caught in crossfire
Bristol Rugby appoint Mark Tainton as acting head coach. Bristol Rugby have appointed former England and Scotland head coach Mike Robinson as interim head coach following the club's relegation to the Premiership.
Sale Sharks wing Sam Charnley signs for Sale Sharks. Sale Sharks winger Sam Chorley has signed for Super League side Sale Sharks from Wigan Warriors in arguably the most high-profile switch since Sam Burgess' move to Bath.Chorley is hoping he can take to the game more naturally and not have to ask where he should be stood.
Albert Newman drove for 30 miles in the wrong carriageways on the M42, the A42 and the M1 before crashing into a vanAn inquest heard one force had no motorway patrols on duty and another had earlier failed to notice Mr Newman's licence had been revokedThe coroner adjourned the hearing so officers could answer more questionsDementia patient Mr Newman, from Nottingham, crashed his Mazda Premacy into a Transit van near Kegworth, Leicestershire, in October last year, killing passenger Michael Luciw and injuring the driver, Andy HarringtonThe inquest was told that Warwickshire police took the
A coroner has deferred a full inquest into the deaths of five men who died in the sea at Camber Sands, East Sussex, after they became stranded and unable to get off a sandbar.
Ben Hooper is the first to swim across the Atlantic without a kickboard. A British swimmer has become the first person to attempt to swim the Atlantic Ocean without a swimboard.
"No one should read anything into that decision as regards government policy - actual, imagined, potential, past. It is an absolute privilege for me to have this role. I fully recognise that. I have a great deal of responsibility for the Bank of England. I am responsible for the stability of the UK economy, and I have the responsibility to ensure that it is well-managed. "It is a role that requires total attention and devotion. I intend to give that for as long as I can. "As the Governor of the Bank, I have an enormous amount of responsibility to the Bank and to the country.
Two girls were "touched inappropriately" in the Castaway Camp playground at the park in Windsor, Berkshire, on Thursday 11 August
Glasgow School of Art receives £500,000 donation to Mackintosh Campus Appeal. The Garfield Weston Foundation has made a donation to the Mackintosh campus appeal.
Sharbat Gula, whose haunting green eyes made her famous, fled Soviet-occupied Afghanistan as a child and was pictured in 1984 in a refugee camp in Pakistan.She was arrested in Peshawar, near the Afghan border after a two-year investigation.She allegedly applied for an identity card in April 2014, using the name Sharbat Bibi.On Sunday Pakistan's Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said she should be granted bail, but a judge denied her application, saying she had failed to make her case.If the fraud claims are true, she is one of thousands of Afghan refugees deploying
Jutting was born in London in 1985. His first name Rurik was chosen by his mother, and literally translated as "great one" - it was an imperial dynasty in Russia.He described himself as an ambitious boy who had a happy childhood. When he was 16, his father tried to take his own life by slashing his wrists while he was in the house.Jutting had to help provide the initial care and go to hospital with him.There were other troubling episodes. In 2003, he was seen by a psychiatrist, who said he experienced suicidal thoughts and that he was affected by knowledge of his parents'
Two Iowa police officers have been killed in separate shootings by a man accused of waving a Confederate flag in front of a group of black people. A man has been arrested in connection with the shooting deaths of two police officers in a suburb of Des Moines, Iowa.The first officer was found shot in Urbandale at 01:06 local time (06:06 GMT) on Wednesday.The second was found 20 minutes later several blocks away. Two police officers were shot dead by a suspect in a series of attacks in Iowa, police say.The motive for the attacks is unclear.What we know about the Iowa suspectThe
"I think voters consider filibustering to be wrong. And I agree with them."Filibustering is archaic, and often used to frustrate the Private Members' Bill process. If a minister doesn't talk out a bill, a hard core of obstructionist MPs often do it, talking nonsensically for lengthy periods until the time allocated for the bill is over.The system has its critics, among them the SNP MP who sponsored the "Turing Bill" to pardon gay men for obsolete sexual offences."It is absurd for legislation to be decided by the deputy speaker pulling balls out of a jar. It
A judge at the High Court in London ruled in favour of environmental lawyers ClientEarth.The group called air pollution a "public health crisis" and said the government has failed to tackle it.
Steve Freer and Val Wawrosz, who worked together in HM Prison Leeds, have founded a charity called Tempus Novo to find jobs for prisoners who have served their sentences.They work unpaid in offices opposite the looming Victorian hulk of their old employer.Steve and Val then pre-interview candidates, ensuring they are prepared to do any job, even sweeping the floors as a start.Then they ask the company to give them an interview and treat them like any other applicant.Crucially, they offer support to both employer and employee for 12 months.Steve said: "We're there all the time for
England and Scotland's players will not be allowed to wear poppies on their armbands during their World Cup qualifier against Serbia.
The RAC said the higher prices were due to a combination of rising crude oil prices, and the devaluation of the pound after June's Brexit vote.
Yazidi women in the Yazidi refugee camps in the Iraqi city of Qadia recount the horrific story of how Islamic State (IS) came to their homeland on Mount Sinjar in 2014, killing thousands and driving many thousands more into exile. "We are there. We are there," one of the women says, but she does not want to give her name, fearing reprisals against members of her family still inside IS-held territory.
Rangers' Joey Barton to return to full-time training. Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to first-team training following the conclusion of a disciplinary procedure.
Heads and teachers have been complaining about deepening problems with funding shortages - with warnings they might have to cut school hours.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the date for cutting the first steel would safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035.He also announced that a contract for two new offshore patrol vessels would be signed shortly, securing jobs.
Portadown's Michael Garrett has been handed a one-match ban by the Irish Football Association (IFA) for a breach of the Disciplinary Code.Portadown midfielder Michael Garrett scored in the 3-1 victory at Shamrock Park but should not have been on the pitch.
Where We Are on TV: More than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters killed off. A new report has found a record high percentage of LGBT characters on broadcast television, thanks mostly to shows like Empire and Luke Cage.
The High Court has ruled that the government cannot trigger the Article 50 process of formally leaving the European Union without the approval of Parliament. It is one of the most important constitutional court cases in generations. And the result creates a nightmare scenario for the government. It will be immensely difficult to satisfy and get agreement from all those MPs who voted to remain.
Starbucks says expansion in China will secure its future for "decades to come". Starbucks says its Chinese stores are the most efficient and lucrative.
President Park Geun-hye apologises for allowing cultish rituals to be held in the presidential palace. South Korea's president has apologised for allowing a long-standing friend inappropriate access to government policy-making. The scandal has left her with an approval rating of just 5%.
Welsh Conservative MP David Davies warned attempts to block Brexit could lead to an early general election.The UK government has said it intends to appeal against Thursday's High Court ruling.
Gig Gigi Hadid is the epitome of perfection, according to designer Tommy Hilfiger.The fashion designer had told Yahoo that casting directors dressed Hadid in a poncho for a fashion show because she was not as thin as the other models.But he has now clarified his comments and said the story was misleading.Hilfiger said: "The suggestion that I thought [Hadid] wasn't thin enough upsets me to no end."The designer also released a statement to Entertainment Tonight, in which he said he was "extremely proud" to have Hadid representing his brand."Gigi is truly the definition
Northern Ireland's only direct air route from Belfast to Newark has been halted by the European Commission.The cessation comes despite attempts to rescue the route in a £9m emergency deal, mostly from Stormont.Economy Minister Simon Hamilton had previously said the rescue package was crucial to attracted US-inward investment for Northern Ireland.A United Airlines statement said: 'We have regretfully taken this decision because of the route's poor financial performance."The ruling by the European Commission to block the funding package to protect Northern Ireland’s one and only scheduled trans-Atlantic service defies logic and is an example of "abysmal
Australian Greens leader Scott Ludlam has announced he will be taking a leave of absence from the Senate to deal with mental health issues. A senior member of the Australian Greens party has announced that he will take a six-month break from the parliament to cope with his mental health problems.Scott Ludlam, 46, who is deputy leader of the party, made the announcement in a Facebook post.He said he had been dealing with mental health issues "for a while".I will return to work as soon as I'm able to give the commitment the work demands," Senator Ludlam wrote.
Moco-Moco is a sleepy conglomeration of traditional thatched-roof homes. It serves as a daily reminder that there are opportunities for those who apply themselves diligently at this tiny school.
Dave Robins from Swanley, Kent, leased non-emergency ambulances to Coperforma, which was stripped of its Sussex patient transport contract on Tuesday.He began providing them in July after two other suppliers went bust, but has said he has only received one payment.
"But it's not all about grand old buildings, castles and museums. There is natural heritage all around us, especially here in Wales, which is vital to our economy, our livelihoods and our wellbeing."
The Fixed Term Parliaments Act provides two mechanisms by which an early election could be triggered, which are:
Antoine Maury was last seen at Edinburgh College's Milton Road East campus at 22:00 when he suddenly left his friends.He was topless and heading towards Holyrood Park.Between 22:45 and 23:00, a man matching Mr Maury's description was seen near Duddingston Village.Mr Maury is white and of medium build. He is about 6ft, with short, brown hair, a beard and a fair complexion.He has a tattoo of a bleeding hand on his forearm.When last seen he was wearing a brown/green bomber jacket with dark-coloured chinos and a white
Liverpool hairdresser Herbert Howe, who died at the age of 77, was remembered as "Liverpool's Father Christmas" at his funeral in the city's Anglican Cathedral on Friday.He was known for his flamboyance, lust for life and penchant for self-promotion.But who was Howe and what was his story?It began almost 50 years ago, when the talented snipper stated his vision of creating "The Harrods of hairdressing".He loved the bright and colourful - particularly pink, the colour he painted his house.So it was no surprise that in 2006 he named his
Arlene Foster added her voice to the campaign after meeting a group of people affected by the drug at Stormont on Monday.
Omar Bogle (Grimsby Town) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.Foul by Tom Bolarinwa (Barnet) is shown the yellow card.Josh Gowling draws a foul in the penalty area.Conceded by Mauro Vilhete.Penalty Grimsby Town.Converted by Ali Sesay.Fouls by Bira Dembélé (Barnet).Omar Bogle wins a free kick in the attacking half.Omari Bogle is shown a yellow card for a bad foul.Ful by
Andy Murray: World number one is the pinnacle of all the ambitions of every player - Novak Djokovic. Andy Murray is the only British tennis player to hold the world number one ranking since the calculations went computerised 43 years ago. The 29-year-old's new position reflects both his own remarkable consistency over the past 12 months and the personal and physical problems that have shackled him, but it is also testament to a desire for self-improvement only occasionally found in sportsmen of his age. It is the highest ranking in the world. It is not a gimmick, or a marketing exercise, or
Brazilian Grand Prix: Interlagos and Sao Paulo. The track is a splash of vibrant green in an ocean of concrete grey and smog brown; the city butting up against the perimeter fence, endless tower blocks filling the skyline. It's a great race track, with emphasis on the "race" - the corners with a history - the new track is about half of the old one.
The fountain commemorates those who took part in Operation Anthropoid, a successful mission to assassinate Nazi police chief Reinhard Heydrich.
Lusaka - Zambia: Congolese champions TP Mazembe beat Algeria's Bejaia in the Confederation Cup final in Lubumbashi on Sunday to add the trophy to their list of honours after winning the African Champions League in 2015.
John Higgins wins China Open. John Higgins beats Mark Williams, Ali Carter and Mark Allen en route to the final of the China Open in Guangzhou.
Brechin City and Alloa Athletic beat Peterhead and Stenhousemuir. Airdrieonians beat Albion Rovers 2-1 to stretch their advantage over their opponents to five points.
The referee stopped the contest at the Titanic Exhibition Centre in Belfast after the outclassed Slavchev lifted Barnes off his feet.
Andy is the first British singles player to reach top spot since computerised rankings began in 1973Andy Murray, who plays American John Isner in Sunday's Paris Masters final, will be confirmed as number one on Monday when the latest rankings are publishedHis rise to the top comes after he claimed his second Wimbledon title in June, defended his Olympic singles title in Rio
The Foreign Office says it is working with local authorities in Myanmar, formerly Burma, to determine what happened.
Northern Ireland's Stormont assembly has rejected a plan to introduce free parking for the first 30 minutes.The changes were proposed by four DUP MLAs, but Infrastructure Minister Chris Hazzard said their motion was based on "seriously misguided logic".He added that enforcing the 30-minute free parking system would be.
I'm not sure that is the right description for the 2016 US election campaign, but some variation on that must come close - maybe instead of 'greatest' we could have weirdest, most compelling, unpredictable, disturbing, hate-filled, bizarre. Maybe all of those things - and a few more besides. I spoke to a producer in London the other day and he asked whether I could incorporate into my TV piece the standout moments of the campaign. And my mind went into Matrix mode. A thousand different, fractured memories went kaleidoscoping through my brain. There were the ones that made me laugh. There
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie has been released from hospital after suffering a serious eye injury in the Turkish side's 3-1 win against Akhisar.
Suzanne Evans said she thought the legal process could "water down Brexit".The government says the ruling will not slow down Brexit and Labour says it will not vote to delay proceedings.The High Court decided last Thursday that Parliament should get a vote on when to trigger Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, beginning the two-year process of leaving the EU.The government, which argues that ministers have enough powers to do this without the need to consult MPs and peers, is appealing against the ruling, with the case due to be heard again next month by the Supreme Court.The Daily Mail has branded the High Court judges "enemies of the people
Bournemouth 2-1 at Sunderland: Eddie Howe admits defeat is 'difficult to take'. Eddie Howe says defeat by Sunderland is difficult to take after the Cherries became the first team to lose to the Black Cats this season.
The balls are formed naturally and happen when pieces of ice get rolled by wind and water
Changing Places guidelines have been included in the Building Standards guidelines (BS 8300:2009) since 2009 as a recommendation rather than a compulsory requirement.Mike LeSurf, Changing Places Development Officer at Mencap says: "There are potentially over a quarter of a million people who need a Changing Places toilet - because behind the standard accessible toilet door, people's needs are not being met."Alison Beevers describes the psychological effect on the whole family of not having an appropriate place for a change as her son Freddie gets older and their options for outings are slowly flushed away.She said: "Freddie went to a party and one of
Public toilets across Wales have been closing as councils face budget cuts. In March, seven public toilets closed in Cardiff, with costs estimated at Â£16 per use.In June, the council's cabinet agreed to ask community and town councils to help fund public toilets in the county.Anglesey council took the same approach.Earlier this year, Gwynedd council proposed shutting down two-thirds of all council-run toilet facilities to save Â$244,000.But the Welsh Local Government Association (WLGA) said the plans placed an "unnecessary and disproportionate burden" on local authorities.Mr Poult
The first minister signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with SinoFortone and another Chinese firm in March.After reports that the agreement has now been cancelled, the Scottish government highlighted a "climate of hostility" from opposition parties.
Former North Wales Police superintendent John Anglesea has been jailed for 12 years for historical child sex abuse.
A 72-year-old man has been found dead at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness.
Brecon Barracks, Pembrokeshire, will close in 2024, while a storage depot at Sennybridge will go in 2025.
Bar Barrow 2, Taunton Town 1. Barrow's Ryan Yates scores a second-half equaliser to send the National League side into the second round for the first time since 2012/13. Ryan Yates celebrates scoring a second half equaliser with his team-mates  Barrow    2,  Taunton  Town 1 Barrow 1,  TaunTON Town 1. Barrow goalkeeper Lloyd Irish makes a save from a free kick by Ryan Yates (Barrow) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Barrows   1, Tautton
Fleetwood Town 4, Southport 1.Amari'i Bell (Fleetwood Town) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner.Cian Bolger (Southport) right footed free kick from the centre of the box is saved by Alex Cairns in the top right corner of the goal.Amadi-Holloway (SouthPort) right handed shot is saved in the centre by Alex Norman.Cain Bolger  Fleetwood    Town   1, South Port   Southport 0.   Amari
India is overwhelmingly a cash economy. Most transactions in daily life are in cash and 45% of those are in notes in denominations of 500 rupees and over.The move is designed to lock out money that is unaccounted for - known as "black money " - which may have been acquired corruptly, or be being withheld from the tax authorities.Finance Secretary Shaktikant Das warned people with large stashes of hidden cash that banks would closely monitor the exchange of old notes for new ones.Critics say the new rules may make it especially difficult for people who choose to keep their cash at home rather than in a bank account
A man has died after being hit by a car on the A173 in Great Ayton, North Yorkshire.
One in six children in Australia is living in poverty, according to a new report. More than 730,000 Australians are living below the official poverty line, with more than a third of the country's children living on less than A$80,000 (£60,000) a year, a government report suggests. One In Six Children in Australia Is Living in Poverty, Report Says.
Nigel Williams, of Caerwent, was walking on the A48 near the Northgate House bed and breakfast when he was hit on Saturday.
Wales back-three Keelan Amos has been ruled out of the World Cup after dislocating a shoulder in the 32-8 defeat by Australia. Wales' back-row Keelen Amos will have an operation in the next week to repair a dislocated shoulder in his shoulder.
A new report has found there has been a "marked increase" in the number of prisoners feeling unsafe at HMP Risley near Warrington, Cheshire since its last inspection.
Nottinghamshire's Chris Gurney signs new three-year contract. Nottinghamshire all-rounder Chris Gurney says he is "pretty optimistic about the future and quite excited to be getting stuck in under Peter Moores".
LipNet - watches video of a person speaking and matches the text to the movement of their mouths with 93% accuracy.
Gosport's HMS Sultan and Fort Blockhouse are among 91 Ministry of Defence sites now set to close.
Northern Ireland's assembly is expected to vote on a motion to pardon convictions related to abolished sexual offences.The move will bring Northern Ireland in line with England and Wales.
The Scottish government has called for the UK to sign up to new regulations governing EU police agency, Europol.Unless the Home Office opts in, the UK will lose membership by May 2017.The UK must decide whether to opt into the new Europol regulation by the end of December 2016.Scotland's Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has urged the UK government to confirm it will do so.
The rail union is calling on the Scottish government to set out an immediate timetable for Abellio to be stripped of its ScotRail franchise.
Ronald Koeman advises James McCarthy not to join Ireland squad. Everton midfielder Michael Keane says he "could not care less" about Ronald Koemen's concerns about James McCarthy's fitness.
BT has announced the winner of its 80th anniversary speaking clock competition. A woman from Dundee has become the fifth person to give the time "at the third stroke" when people dial 123.
President-elect Donald Trump has threatened to pull the US out of the World Trade Organization (WTO) and the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) if the US does not reform its trade relations with China.The president-elect has also threatened to withdraw the US from the European Union, the US and Canada's free trade deal with the EU, and the South Korean free trade agreement with the US.The US is the largest economy in the world, with a GDP of $1.3 trillion (£1.2 trillion) and a population of more than 320 million people.But Mr Trump has also
Manchester City 2-1 Brondby. Manchester City midfielder Katie Walsh scores the opening goal of the FA Women's Super League semi-final with 16 minutes remaining to give Manchester City a 1-1 draw at the Emirates Stadium. City's Katie Walsh celebrates scoring her side's opening goal in the first leg of the semi-finals of the Continental Cup with 16 yards from the goal. City manager Nick Cushing was full of praise for young star Katie Walsh after the game, hailing her as one of the best midfielders in the league.Manchester City: Bardsley, Bronze, Stokes, Beattie,
The Inverness base is one of the UK's busiest search and rescue units.
England and Scotland will defy Fifa's ban on players wearing poppies in their meeting on FridayWith the FAW yet decide their policy, Ledley said: ''We will support whatever decision they make.''Fifa's regulations say players' equipment should not carry any commercial, personal, political or religious messagesWhen the issue arose in 2011, a compromise was reached in which Wales players were allowed to wear armbands with the poppy symbol in a friendly against NorwayNorthern Ireland will mark Armistice Day by wearing plain black armband in the World Cup qualifier against Azerbaijan in BelfastBreaching Fifa regulations could result in a fine or even
A Dutch submarine has been detected by Russian anti-submarine ships near the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov in the eastern Mediterranean, the Dutch military has said.The sub was 20km (12 miles) from the Russian warship at the time of the incident, the military said.It was not immediately clear where the incident took place.
Crabtree & Evelyn said distribution and packaging services at its Pontyclun distribution centre will be taken over by a Northampton-based provider from April 2017.
Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland want to remain inside the single market or the customs union, Brexit Secretary David Davis has said. The UK government wants to keep Scotland and Wales informed about its plans to leave the European Union, Brexit Minister David Russell has said.The Scottish government wants the UK government to provide greater clarity and transparency on its intentions.
Guiseley sign Joel Smith from Hednesford Town on loan.
Two men in their 20s were arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm and possession of ammunition
England v Scotland: Wayne Rooney returns to captain England. England captain Wayne Rooney says a draw would be a good result for his side against Scotland at Wembley. Wayne Rooney has returned to captain the England team for the first time since taking over from Sam Allardyce as manager of the Under-21 team. England manager Gordon Strachan says he does not need to impress on his players the importance of the match.
The first to benefit from "white space" internet will be residents on the Isle of Arran, who have struggled with poor broadband speeds.
Morecambe transfer news: Paul Barkhuizen agrees pre-contract deal with Preston. Morecambi's Paul Barkhieuizen has agreed a pre contract with Preston after mutually terminating his deal at the Shrimps earlier this month.
Mosul airport has been completely destroyed by Islamic State (IS) militants, according to satellite imagery.The imagery, released by US geopolitical intelligence company Stratfor and taken on 31 October, shows how almost all the buildings at the airport, on the southern outskirts of Mosul, have been razed.
Evaldas Vaicekauskas was arrested after Border Force officers intercepted a package from China that he had bought on eBay.The stun guns were found to contain 50 extendable friction lock batons, each contained within their own holder.The court was told that the torch section was "fully functional, as opposed to being a stun gun disguised as a torch."Because of their dual use, the stun guns did not meet the criteria for a mandatory minimum five-year prison sentence under the Firearms Act.Depute fiscal Eilidh Robertson told the court: "The outside of the package described the contents as "tools
Dyddgu Hywel, Mel Clay and Sioned Harries score tries for Wales. Wales beat the UK Armed Forces 24-0 at the Ospreys.
London's chamber of commerce says 770,000 EU nationals living in the capital should be eligible for a visa to ensure their future in London.
Force India: Esteban Ocon signs with Mercedes-Benz for 2017. Force India's Esteben Ocon has signed with Mercedes for his first full season racing in Formula One, the team have announced.
Rafael Esquivel admitted receiving bribes in connection with the sale of marketing rights to tournaments.More than 40 individuals and entities have been charged under the probe.
Mold Moldova crisis: An elite power grab?Vlad, a young disabled man, said that politicians should "come up with actions, not just promises and words."The next president should be concerned about the problems of disabled people. They should be able to get a job, to have the same rights as other citizens."Mr Dodon is a great admirer of Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying Moldova needs a similarly strong leader.But many voters, including most of the Russian speakers who make up almost 25% of the electorate, do not seem to mind, as long as Russia is seen as supportive of Mr Dodon.
A man has been given a driving ban after driving a roller across Dumfries in a bid to get home from a night out drinking with a friend.
Alexander Reid repeatedly told Department of Work and Pensions staff in application forms and at interviews that he was single.
England 20-9 South Africa: Jonny May and Courtney Lawes strike again. England beat the Springboks at Twickenham to extend their unbeaten record against South Africa at the World Cup to a record-equalling 13th straight victory. England's impressive display against the South Africa was further evidence of the vast improvement made under the wily Eddie Jones. England 20 - 9 South Africa.
Glasgow City Council employee David MacCall told the inquiry in the days after Ciaran's death, between 500 and 900 headstones were laid flat over safety concerns.It also emerged that another boy was injured by a headstone there in 2010.The inquiry will try to establish if there were any reasonable precautions that could have prevented the tragedy at the cemetery in Cardonald.Ciaran Williamson, eight, was playing with friends in Craigton Cemetery when the headstone fell on him on 26 May 2015.Mr MacCall, who was not there at the time, was giving evidence at the inquiry which is taking place
A number of items of computer equipment were seized following a search of his home
Radio Pembrokeshire, Radio Carmarthenshire and Radio Ceredigion to relocate from St Hilary. The move will take place this month and some staff have been made redundant.
RomaniaRomania 0, Poland 3Romania's Kamil Grosicki celebrates after scoring his side's third goal in the 82nd minute of the Group E match between Romania and Poland in Bucharest, Romania.  Romania 0,  Poland 3.Romania    1, Poland 0  Romania   2, Poland 1  Romania 1,   Poland 0 Romania  0, Romania 0   Romania 2, Romania  1  Poland 1 Romania  3, Poland 2  Romania, Romania, Poland, Romania Romania,  Romania Poland, Poland  Romania 3, Romania 2  Poland,  Hungary,
Gordon Strachan's men fifth in Group F and the manager facing further questions about his futureFormer Scotland striker Steven Thompson gives his marks out of 10 for the displayNo chance with goals but had little else to do other than pick the ball out of his netA surprise choice but the Derby winger defended well considering he wasn't in his natural positionScotland's best player on the night after a long absence from the international sceneOffered a real threat going forward and worked tirelesslyPlayed better than in Slovakia and unlucky at first goal after making a good block.Given a rare start and did well to keep England's danger men quiet for large
Serbia defender Branislav Ivanovic believes Wales will be tough to beat in Saturday's World Cup qualifier at Cardiff City Stadium.Serbia go into the game topping the group as they edge the Republic of Ireland on goal difference while Wales are two points adrift in third.Wales will welcome the return of Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey for the first time in this campaign after his recovery from a hamstring injury.
Dover Athletic 2, Guiseley 0.Jonathan Maxted (Guiseley) is shown the yellow card.Michael Rankine (Dover Athletic)  replaces Adam Boyes.  Dover Athletic 1, Guiseyard 0.  Jonathan Maxting (Gusley)    Goal! Dover Athletic 0, GUISELEY 0.First Half begins.First half begins.  Michael Rankine replaces Adam boyes.Firsthalf ends, Dover Athletic  0, GuISELEY 1.  Ricky Miller (Dever Athletic).First half ends, Gueseley 1, Dover 0
Stephen Dobie celebrates after scoring his fifth goal in three Challenge Cup appearances for Alloa Athletic. Stephen Dobbie scores the only goal of the game to send Queen of the South into the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup with a 1-0 win over Alloa. Stephen Dobbie scores the opening goal of Alloa's semi-final with a header from Dean Brotherston's cross 14 minutes from time to send his side into the last four of the Scottish Cup.
Livingston 2-0 TNS: Robbie Parry slotted the Welsh visitors into a half time lead. TNS boss Craig Harrison: "It was very tough physically but we matched them. Overall, it was a very professional performance and we were ruthless in the final third."We have a strong squad and we go into every competition wanting to win it. We want to win every game.
The Northern Ireland Executive has been asked to comment on a legal action taken by former Ilex workers.Ilex was set up in 2003 to regenerate two former Army bases but was shut down in March amid accusations it failed to deliver enough investment and jobs.In March, 18Ilex workers were made redundant and the two bases were handed over to Derry City and Strabane District Council.Nine of those workers are taking action against the Northern Ireland Executives claiming their jobs should also have been transferred to the council.They have accused the Executive of breaching a law which ensures workers move from one employer to another when a business changes
India's new 500 and 1,000 rupee denomination notes are being replaced by new 2,000 and 500 rupee denominations.The move was announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday night as part of a drive to fight corruption and the black economy.The 500 ($7; Â£6) rupee notes are the highest denomination notes in the country and are extremely common in India.
St Michael's Hospital is joining other UK foetal medicine centres to set up a twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) registry.
Lego has ended its promotional agreement with the Daily Mail, the UK's second most-read daily newspaper.Lego regularly gives away free toys via the paper, but said there would be no more "in the foreseeable future".Lego did not say why the tie-up had ended - but said it had listened carefully to parents and grandparents.It added: "We are both humbled and honoured to see how much consumers all over the world express their care for our company and our brand."And we will continuously do our very best to live up to the trust and faith that people all around the world show us every day
The British Geological Survey (BGS) said Ripon lies in one of the most susceptible areas of the UK for sinkholes because of its "Permian gypsum deposits".
Italy's former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi has said he and Donald Trump have "some obvious similarities" even though they have never met.Asked what they had in common, he told Italian daily Corriere della Sera (in Italian): "There are some obvious similarities even though my story as an entrepreneur is very different to Trump's, whom I've never met."The Italian politician did not go into detail but similarities he may have had in mind include:The combover: A hairstyle that refuses to lie downBerlusconi bandana hides mysteryWhat are the allegations against Trump?Trump lewd video
Venice is losing 1,000 residents each year, according to the association venessia.com.
Ar Arbroath moved into third with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Clyde.Cowdenbeath overcame Montrose 2-0, while Stirling Albion moved up to seventh with a 3-2 win at second-placed Elgin City.Martin Scott scored two in two minutes in the second half to clinch victory for the Red Lichties, who leapfrog their visitors in the table, before Ryan McCord added a fourth late on.Elgin took the lead against Stirling when Darryl McHardy found the bottom corner with a left-footed strike in the 29th minute.However, the visitors equalised early
Sprinter Sacre: The 10-year-old was bought as part of a job lot of 22 horses in France that cost a total of 300,000 euros.He banked more than £1.1m from 18 wins, nine at the highest level - Grade One.The total included a rare hat-trick of success at all three of the major spring festivals - at Cheltenham, Aintree and Punchestown in 2013.But more than that, with his ability and striking dark colouring - trainer Nicky Henderson nicknamed him an 'equine James Bond' - he gained a vast
Ireland boss Joe Schmidt knows the All Blacks will want revenge. Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt expects his side to come out on top against New Zealand at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin on Saturday.
The NSPCC's Childline service said it counselled more than 4,500 children in the past year compared to about 2,400 in 2011-12
India's decision to scrap high denomination currency notes last week sparked scenes of chaos outside banks and ATMs.But some economists say the move will have a limited impact as people will simply begin to accumulate black money in the new currency as soon as that becomes available.The overnight ban on the notes was intended to crack down on corruption and so-called "black money" or illegal cash holdings.The government hopes this will bring cash worth billions of dollars in unaccounted wealth back into the economy.But many economists say it will have little impact on growth, inflation or other pertinent macroeconomic variables. The government's move to scrap the high
Samsung has agreed to buy US carmaker Harman International Industries for $5bn (£3bn).The deal is the biggest overseas purchase made by a South Korean firm, and comes as Samsung is looking to recover from the withdrawal of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.It will also be key for driverless technology.Samsung said automotive electronics was "a strategic priority".It is estimated that the so-called connected technologies market, which goes under the Internet of Things umbrella, will grow to $100bn by 2025.Cars will be a major part of this growth, with technology research firm Gartner forecasting that by 2020 one in
Three men have absconded from a minimum-security prison in South Gloucestershire. Wayne Maycock, Paul Bromwich and Admi Headley were last seen at HMP Leyhill at about 16:45 GMT on Sunday.
US and European bond prices have sunk in expectation that Donald Trump will enact inflationary policies that speed the pace of interest rate rises.Bond yields are up in the eurozone's financially stressed countries, such as Italy, Spain and Portugal and the moves have been quite pronounced over the last few days.There is no sign that the bond sell-off is easing, depressing the value of some pension investments and making it more expensive for countries and companies to borrow money.On Monday, some bond yields - which rise as the price falls - hit their highest for more than six months.Bonds globally lost $1.29tn (
Adam Mitchell is believed to have been in a pub in Inverness' Baron Taylor Street on Wednesday night last week.
Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann has a haematoma on his left foot but will miss France's friendly against Ivory Coast.
Jacqueline McPhie, 46, took the money while vice president for finance at Altus Intervention in Aberdeen between March 2013 and April 2014.
A disgraceful incident which has left the victims shocked and upset.Anyone with information on the theft is urged to contact Police Scotland
Nick Yarris has never had an apology for being imprisoned for crimes he did not commitHe spent almost all that time in solitary confinement, sometimes being beaten so badly by prison guards that, on one occasion, his retina detachedThe hardest thing to do when people are hurting you is to remain a decent personWhile on death row, he educated himself about the law, and sometimes read up to three books in a dayThe whole purpose of my education ultimately was so I could deliver a statement eloquently before my executionFor 22 of the 23 years he spent in prison, Nick genuinely believed he would be executedWhen he was released from prison, he
England's Big Picture: How to join in and submit your pictures and videos. This is how you can join in to England's big picture project.
The Forum of Imams and Ulemas says Mohamed Ould Cheikh Ould Mkhaitir should be executed despite the fact that he repented for an article criticising Mauritania's caste system.
Van den Berg, 26, led her country at the 2015 World Cup
Ghana's President-elect Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo will be sworn in on January 7 after a one-month transition period.The 72-year-old son of former chief justice and ceremonial President Edward Akufo Addo retained his 2012 electoral promise to provide free high-school education.But the former lawyer, attorney general and foreign minister's main campaign promise was a "one district, one factory" policy that he says will industrialise the country.The plan is to establish factories in each of Ghana's 216 districts.
The plant, on the outskirts of the city centre, could have cost taxpayers nearly £138m a year in lost duty and taxes.
A appalling number of vandalisms and the sheer scale of the damage caused is completely unacceptable.
The concrete and steel arch will eventually cover the remains of the reactor which lost its roof in a catastrophic explosion in 1986.The blast sent a plume of radioactive material into the air, triggering a public health emergency across Europe.
Gwen Ifill, one of the most celebrated African-American broadcasters in the US, has died at the age of 61.She was best known for moderating Washington Week in Review and for PBS NewsHour.Ifill had been absent for last week's election coverage due to ongoing health issues and had been on leave since May.
A man has died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being shot by police in Luton, Bedfordshire, on 9 November. Police have launched an investigation into the death of a man after he was shot by officers in Bedfordshire.
A new database of 390 species of trees and shrubs has been created to help city planners and landscape architects find the right tree for the right place. Researchers have created a new database to help cities and towns and cities choose the right type of tree for their environment.The database, which was created by the Institute of Forest Growth and Forest Computer Science at Techische Universitat Dresden, Germany, is the first of its kind in the world.The study, published in the Landscape and Urban Planning journal, looks at 390 species and varieties of trees, shrubs and plants in the city and urban areas of Germany.
Anthony Storrie died on 30 June 2013 at the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley after taking "N-bombs".The 26-year-old had been arrested the night before for an alleged police assault while under the influence of the drug, which is now illegal.A fatal accident inquiry heard he had suffered damage to his liver while.
President Barack Obama has said he has "concerns" about Donald Trump's decision to appoint a controversial conservative figure as his White House chief strategist.Mr Obama told reporters it would "not be fair of me to comment on every appointment that the president-elect starts making".Do you have more questions about a Donald Trump presidency?
The government has confirmed most of its proposed route for the HS2 high-speed railway between London and Birmingham, but has not made a final decision about where to locate a new station in or near Sheffield.The government's preferred option is for the main HS2 route to run east of Sheffield, with a separate spur to take passengers to Sheffield city centre.This would cost around £1bn less than the alternative suggestions.
Before: As a candidate, Mr Trump derided climate change as a hoax concocted by China, and the regulations of Paris as stifling to American growth.After: As president, he has introduced two travel bans, which have both become ensnarled by legal challenges. The first was a slightly watered-down version of the first, but a judge in Hawaii said barring people from six mainly Muslim countries, even temporarily, violated constitutional protections against religious discrimination. Another judge in Maryland cited Trump campaign statements as evidence.President Trump has railed against "judicial overreach" and hinted that he may take the case to the
US lead negotiator Dr Pershing told a packed news briefing that the passion and dedication displayed in the effort to deliver the Paris.
England players earn up to £300,000 each year in match fees alone.
Sheffield United 1, Bury 0: Jake Mellis scores from close range as Blades hold on for an unlikely point. Jake Wright (Sheffield United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.Jake Mellis (Bury) is shown the yellow card for a foul on Jake Wright.Jake Wilshere (Coventry) is sent off for a second yellow.Jake Wright (Civentry) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Jake McManus (Caventry) left footed free kick from the left side of the six yard box is
London and Manchester will also host legs of the World Grand Prix series in 2017 and 2018 respectively.
Prices were up to 5.4% compared to the same quarter in 2015 - in the previous four quarters the annual rise was more than 7%.
Bolton lose Howard to knee injury. Bolton lose striker Mark Howard to a knee injury in Sunday's 1-0 defeat at Peterborough.
The Social Mobility Commission warns of many "treadmill families running harder and harder but standing still".It points to an unfair education system, a two-tier labour market, a regionally imbalanced economy and unaffordable housing.Prime Minister Theresa May has promised to tackle social inequalities.The commission's State of the Nation 2016 report, laid before Parliament on Wednesday, says young families now can no longer expect to do as well as their parents' generation.
Google has announced plans to invest £1bn in a new headquarters in London's King's Cross area.The new 650,000 sq-ft headquarters has been designed by Thomas Heatherwick, the designer behind the "garden bridge" across the Thames.He was brought in by Google after its founders, Sergey Brin and Larry Page, rejected initial designs as "too boring" in 2013. Danish architects Bjarke Ingels Group are also involved in the project.Many companies raised fears before the referendum that if Britain voted to leave the European Union, foreign investment would be affected.Questions were raised over whether Google would
"The people who make a good living out of drugs are the organised criminals. They are the people we need to be going after."
What happens if Mr Trump ends US support for Nato and orders the US military to join forces with Russia against the Islamic State group?This was the one issue of substance Messrs Trump and Putin discussed in their telephone call this week. This was the context of the emergency meeting of EU foreign ministers this week, which Boris Johnson dismissed as a "whinge-o-rama".Some British diplomats saw the meeting as an attempt by the EU foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, to grandstand and use Mr Trump's election to drive forward her own agenda for more EU defence cooperation.She was distinctly sarcastic about
The BBC World Service will be available in 40 languages, including English, by 2022 - double the current number.The expansion is a result of the funding boost announced by the UK government last year.
The relationship between the outgoing US president and Boris Johnson has had its ups and downs.The former mayor of London said of Mr Trump's hometown: "The only reason I wouldn't go to some parts of New York is the real risk of meeting Donald Trump."But as we leap forward to November 2016, and Mr Johnson's words of welcome for a "positive" Trump presidency, it's time to take a look back at some of the other occasions Mr Johnson has changed his mind.During the referendum campaign, he repeatedly warned voters about the prospect of Turkey joining the EU - and the impact migration from the country could have
10 managers returning to a team for a second spell - some enhance their reputations greatly, but for others the phrase "never go back" could barely be more pertinentIan Holloway will become the latest boss to get reacquainted with familiar surroundings when he takes charge of Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road against Norwich City on Saturday, 10 years after he left the west London clubBBC Sport looks at 10 managers who have enjoyed - or endured - more than one spell with clubs in the English Football League...November 2002 - September 2005, June 2006 - May 2013As far as quick and lasting returns go, Tony Pulis at Stoke City
A vintage hawker hunter jet crashed on to the A27 during an aerobatic stunt at the Shoreham show in August 2015, killing 11 men.
A High Court judge in Belfast had ruled that the PSNI should not have facilitated illegal parades, and was wrong to think it did not have legal powers to stop them.The ruling was quashed after an appeal.The UK Supreme Court has now been asked to overturn the decision.There were widespread loyalist protests across Northern Ireland after Belfast City Council decided not to fly the Union flag at the City Hall every day of the year in December 2012.The protests included a weekly parade between east Belfast and City Hall, which passed the nationalist Short Strand area.Critics accused the police of being too soft as some of the protests
IOC president Thomas Bach says the Rio Games had been a "great success" despite a troubled build-up and concerns over the cost of staging the event.
Four-month-old Eli Cox was found at an address in Lapwing Close in Minster, Sheppey, on 13 April
Jamie Rudling, 28, from Dunoon, repeatedly raped one victim, between 2003 and 2011, at an address in Argyll.He also raped a 22-year-old woman while she was asleep, in 2014.Rudling was jailed for a minimum of three years and six months and told he may never be judged safe enough to be released.Passing sentence, judge Judge Lady Carmichael told Rudling: "You present a high risk to the public at large if you are at liberty."You were sexually offending while on an extended sentence which was intended to protect the public."
India scraps 1,000 rupee notes overnightChaos at banks over India money banSupporters say it is a handy way for the Indian government to tackle corruption
World Cup winners Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny Wilkinson were among 12 stars inducted in the "hall".
Elwyn Davies was second only to UKIP MEP Nathan Gill in name recognition, ahead of Jill Evans, Derek Vaughan and Kay Swinburne.
Merseyside and Cheshire hospitals merger proposed. A merger of the Royal Liverpool and Aintree University hospitals has been proposed.
Royal Mail shares slide to lowest level since March. Royal Mail's shares have slid to their lowest level in more than two months after the company reported a 1% rise in revenue for the half year.
The Belmond British Pullman arrived at Ashford International at 07:00 GMT
The battle for Mosul is now in its third week, with Iraqi forces advancing from the east and south-east of the city towards the centre.A general said clouds were limiting the ability of drones and other aircraft to provide cover.
Scotland boss Gordon Strachan would not be drawn on his future following last week's 3-0 defeat by England.
The HTC VIVE is one of the latest VR headsets on the market, and we asked Newsrounders to check some of them out.
A 42-year-old man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
The DSCPA say two individuals attempted to ship the puppies from Dublin Port to Holyhead Port in North Wales.The dogs were held in "hugely inappropriate" conditions, cramped into small containers with "little or no space, no food or water".The operation was part of an intelligence-led raid and involved the border force intercepting two vehicles on different ferry crossings.Ian Briggs, of the RSPCA's special operations unit, said: "These poor puppies were being carted into Wales in deeply inappropriate conditions in the early hours of the morning."Sadly, to unscrupulous dealers, these young pups are nothing more
Wa-ays Dhaye, 18, died from multiple knife wounds after being attacked in Thurston Street, Slough, in August.
Rory McIlroy falls to joint 55th in Dubai Tour Championship. Northern Irishman twice a winner of the European Tour's season-finale Rory Mcilroy shoots a three-over-par 75 to lie joint 55st in a 60-man field at the Tour Championship at Jumeirah Golf Estates in Dubai.
The Northern Ireland Executive was one of the key stakeholders in the sale of a £1.3bn portfolio of bad property loans to Cerberus. Cerberus said it received "express confirmation" from Brown Rudnick that no fee or commission was payable to any current or former Nama advisors.The Public Accounts Committee in Dublin has heard that Cerberus paid a £15m "success fee" to the law firm for work it had done on the portfolio. The Public Accounts committee has heard Cerberus paid an "exceptionally high" success fee to a law firm to get access to the Northern Ireland executive.Cerberus chief operating officer
The pilot was introduced after the council said it only had six full-time traffic wardens to police illegal parking outside its 50 schools.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Jews had told her they donated both to Mr Trump and Hillary Clinton.She joked that American Jews were the best guide to US politics.
Boda boda drivers are often blamed for causing the problems on Mwanza's roads. They might get you where you want to go quickly, but they have a reputation for driving recklessly. There are hundreds of them competing for fares, which increases the risk of accidents.But that is also where trainee doctor Marko Hingi saw an opportunity to turn boda-boda drivers into true life-savers.He was inspired by the fact that wherever there is a medical emergency, there is likely to be a motorcycle taxi driver nearby."We have human beings here and we can use them as volunteers to help
East Lindsey District Council's planning committee said the site near Skegness was too rural and not "well connected".
A new study has revealed how the impactor made the hard surface of the planet slosh back and forth like a fluid. At one stage, a mountain higher than Everest was thrown up before collapsing back into a smaller range of peaks.The researchers report their account in this week's edition of Science Magazine.Their study confirms a very dynamic, very energetic model for crater formation, and will go a long way to explaining the resulting cataclysmic environmental changes.The debris thrown into the atmosphere likely saw the skies darken and the global climate cool for months, perhaps even years, driving many creatures into extinction, not just the
Andrew was not punished for the incident during the game on 29 October
Brighton boss Colin Calderwood quits as Chris Hughton's number two. Brighton have announced the departure of former Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest head coach and ex-Hibernian player and former Nottingham Forest boss Colin Calvert-Lewin Calderwood has left the club for a job at Championship side Brighton.
Gordon Gordon Strachan has been sacked by the Scottish Football Association, the governing body of the game in Scotland, after the team failed to qualify for the 2014 World Cup.The SFA's statement on Thursday said that the decision had been made by the board of directors and that it was "unwilling" to pay off the manager's contract. The SFA couldn't say any of this. Why pay when the World Cup campaign is already on life support? Why not accept your fate of another doomed mission, let him see out of his deal, save the cash and make a change if one needs to be made?
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has met US President-elect Donald Trump for the first time since winning the presidential election.Mr Trump has vowed to scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which Mr Abe strenuously supports as a means of countering China's growing economic strength.
Two French tourists died while snorkelling on the reef at Michaelmas Cay on Wednesday.
Rory McIlroy eight shots adrift at the Tour Championship. The European Tour's season finale in Dubai is the final event of the Race to Dubai, with four players still in with a chance of topping the money list.
Paw Patrol's Skye and Marshall did not appear at a Christmas lights switch on in Londonderry on Thursday night.
London Transport for London (TfL) has announced it will freeze fares on bus and tram services in 2020.The fares freeze was a significant promise made by Mr Khan during this year's mayoral election race.
Dumfries and Galloway burgh to be given freedom of the burgh. A Doonhamer who laid a telegraph cable under the Atlantic has been given the freedom of his burgh after achieving something akin to the moon landing of its time.
A total of £270m is allocated for spending on priority areas including around Dawlish between 2019 and 2024.
The average daily commute lasted 57.1 minutes in 2015, the ONS data showed.
Govia Thameslink paid £2,233,000 in 2015-16, which it said was about 50% more that in 2014-15.
Georgia have won the past six European Nations Cup (ENC) titles - the division below the Six Nations - finished third in their 2015 World Cup pool and completed an unbeaten Pacific Islands tour this summerBut Haig believes the status quo is hampering Georgia's development, and their World Cup preparations."Absolutely, we've outgrown the ENC," Haig told BBC Scotland. "You're not being disrespectful to the other teams - you're saying the obvious."The prospect of a global season can be outlined thus: in the last six championships, they've lost just two matches from the 30 played. Their cumulative points difference reads: for 9
Andy Murray beats Stan Wawrinka to reach the semi-finals of the Wimbledon Championships. Andy Murray reaches the last four at Wimbledon with a straight-set victory over Stan WAWrinka. Andy Merendon's Wimbledon quarter-final victory over Swiss world number one Stan Wawedrinka sends him through to the last eight of the London Championships.Andy Murray beats world number two Stan Wrayrinka in straight sets to reach Wimbledon's last four.Murray extended his winning streak to 22 matches and goes on to face Milos Raonic at 14:00 GMT on Saturday.
East Oxford residents have been complaining about the behaviour of Oxford Brookes students on nights out.In a letter to students, the university said it was "particularly concerned about the volume of complaints we have received".
Women of Africa is a BBC season recognising inspiring women across the continent.
Ipswich Town 3, Queens Park Rangers 0. Luke Varney (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.Offside, QPR.Jonathan Douglas (Queens Park Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by David McGoldrick (QPR).Luke Varney tries a through ball, but Idrissa Sylla is caught offside.Sandro (Qens Park Rangers) wins the free kick, but misses to the left.Fouled by Luke Chambers (IPSwich Town).Luke Skuse (
Latics v Peterborough United: League One match called off. Latics are 22nd in the table and in the relegation places with Posh in sixth place.
Bury 2, Millwall 1.  Bury 1-1 Millwall  First Half ends,  Millwall 2, Bury 0-1.  First half ends, Millall 1-0. Aiden O'Brien (Millwall) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner.Goal! Aiden Onyedinma (Bury) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Kelvin Etuhu (Millall).Aiden O’Brien wins a header from the right wing. Goal! Bury   1-2 Millwall
Uche Ikpeazu (Cambridge United) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the bottom right corner.Attempt blocked.Attempt saved.Attempt missed.Attempt failed.Attempt denied.Attempt conceded.Attempt given.Attempt awarded.Attempt disallowed.Attempt granted.Attempt refused.Attempt allowed.Attempt rejected.Assisted by Max Clark. Assisted by Easah Suliman.Assists by Billy Waters. Assists by Greg Taylor.Assesses by Billy Wells.Assessments by Billy Wright. Assesses by Kyle Storer. Assests by James Dayton.Assests by Billy
Scotland's justice secretary Michael Matheson is bringing together leaders and experts to discuss how leaving the EU could affect law enforcement and criminal justice in Scotland. The Scottish justice secretary is holding a summit to discuss the impact of leaving the European Union on the justice system in Scotland.The meeting will be attended by police officers, lawyers and Scotland's Lord Advocate James Wolffe QC.
Liverpool striker Jordan Ngoo has been without a club since leaving Kilmarnock last year.
Northern Ireland's Titanic Belfast visitor centre needs better transport links. The chief executive of the Titanic Belfast visitors' centre says it is essential that the centre is well-connected to the rest of Northern Ireland.He was speaking to the BBC's Inside Business programme about growing the tourism industry.
Murray and Soares lose semi-final. Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares are out of the Wimbledon singles tournament after losing in the semi-finals.
The Labour politicians, representing Leeds, Manchester, Newcastle, Sheffield and Liverpool, say northern motorways are reaching "saturation point". They say train capacity in what has been dubbed the Northern Powerhouse economic region is "at the limit".
Firefighters dealt with blazes on Friday overnight at garage forecourts in Salisbury and Durrington.
Flames tore through Newsome Mills, a four-storey former textile mill in Huddersfield, following a suspected arson attack on Thursday.
Australia 20-0 New Zealand: Meninga, Boyd, Ferguson, Inglis, Dugan, Holmes, Thurston, Cronk, Scott, Smith, Woods, Cordner, Gillett, Merrin. Replacements: Morgan, Klemmer, Frizell, S. Boyd.
ColumbusColumbus Day became a federal holiday in the US in 1937 and celebrates the arrival of explorer Christopher Columbus in the Americas
England lock Joe Kruis ruled out of autumn Tests against Argentina. England lock Joseph Kruis is out of the squad for the autumn Test series against Argentina after being cited for an alleged kick against Fiji.
Melania Trump and Barron Trump will move to Washington "very soon, after he's finished with school", but has not put an actual date on the move.But transition spokesman Jason Miller's insistence that the Trumps were "energised and excited about their new role serving the country" and it was simply concern about changing schools in the middle of the year did little to quell criticisms on social media."First Family resides in White House as a symbol of our country to us and and the world," wrote one Twitter user, Pamela Benbow. "Melania Trump's decision is appalling."Others joked it was Mrs Trump
India v England: Jos Buttler, Moeen Ali and Moeen in Mohali. England's batsmen are under a lot of pressure in the third Test against India at Mohali, but there are still plenty of questions to be asked about the tourists' mindset. England were 80-5 and gave away a 200-run lead in the second innings of the first Test in Visakhapatnam to lose to India by an innings and 239 runs, but they still have a lot to play for in this series. England are under pressure in this Test and the next three Tests will be about their mindset. They
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 is set 70 years before Harry Potter reads his book.
Pottery fragments and the remains of kilns used for drying grain were among discoveries made at Torvean.
The Scottish government is to fund the construction of the new two-storey Inverness Justice Centre.
The Scottish government would like the UK as a whole to seek a similar arrangement as it prepares to leave the European Union.If that does not happen, Ms Sturgeon has confirmed that she would look at the Norwegian model as a possible route for Scotland to stay in the European single market, without leaving the UK.If neither of those options work out, she is in talks with UK international trade minister, Lord Price, last week.She said: "That was something Price was talking about - what are we going to do in the meantime? So we are hoping to discuss several solutions."The UK government has not publicly confirmed that it
South Africa to introduce minimum wage within two years. About 47% of working South Africans earn less than the wage, which is being introduced to combat income poverty and inequality.
Daniel Rooney was 18 when he and a friend were shot by MRF soldiers firing from an unmarked car, as the youths stood on a street corner in the St James area of west BelfastThe army claimed the men were armed Eyewitnesses dispute this, consistent with forensic tests on Rooney and his friend that suggested neither youth was armedMr Rooney was buried without a post-mortem examination However, while a medical report recorded a bullet entry wound, there was no mention of an exit woundThe PSNI want to see if the bullet can be retrieved from Mr Rooney's remains, assuming it was lodged in his body. It may then be possible to
Devon and Cornwall striker Jordan Spencer injured himself in training on Friday as he went to take a shot and will see a consultant this week
A woman has been seriously injured after being dragged by the neck through several streets in Hannover, Germany, by her ex-partner.
Jeremy Corbyn says his party will invest in infrastructure but will not "stand back when there is injustice in the workplace or the boardroom".
Diageo's 50 sites in Scotland, as well as other locations in Northern Ireland and Cheshire.The dispute is over plans to move staff from a final salary pension scheme.GMB Scotland and Unite members voted in favour of action, which could take place in the run-up to Christmas
EFL Cup: Liverpool 2-0 Leeds United. Liverpool beat Leeds United to reach a record 17th League Cup semi-final as Charlie Woodburn broke Michael Owen's record by 98 days with a goal in the second half. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has claimed his team has "unfinished business" in this season as the Reds chase the Premier League title and a Champions League return.Liverpool will find out who they play in the semi-finals when the draw is made after Wednesday's matches.Liverpool hit a post through Georginio Wijnaldum shortly before the opener, but the scoreline was somewhat harsh
It is President-elect Donald Trump's right as the democratically-elected next leader of the United States to make the policy decisions he thinks right. It will be a major turning point in history whichever way the world now turns out.This is not surprising given all that Trump said during the campaign, but it is still disappointing. US withdrawal from the TPP kills a deal that was a decade in the works. The irony is that, though Trump has called it a horrible deal, it was actually very good for the US. It would have given the US a very strong say over the rules of trade between Asia and America,
Two Manchester United supporters have been arrested after a suspicious package was found in a toilet at Old Trafford.
Gareth Southgate becomes England manager. England's new permanent manager Gareth South has become the fourth permanent manager of the national team in as many years, replacing Roy Hodgson. Gareth South is the new England manager, the Football Association has announced. England have appointed former Middlesbrough and England Under-21 boss Gareth Southgates as their new manager.Media playback is not supported on this device Southgate signs contract at St George's Park
Indian Merchant Navy captain Radhika Menon has been awarded the International Maritime Organization's (IMO) Award for Exceptional Bravery at Sea.
Lufthansa lost an appeal to a Frankfurt labour court, but is making a further legal challenge that could go late into Tuesday evening
Police were targeted with fireworks, while motorists described "petrol bombs" being thrown at cars on Commercial Road, Pill, on 20 October
The 41-year-old was shot and stabbed to death by Thomas Mair outside her surgery in Birstall, West Yorkshire, on 16 JuneTributes to the well-liked mother-of-two poured in following her brutal murder just yards from the market place. Batley councillor and friend of Mrs Cox, Shabir Pandor, said the community had been united in its grief."The whole community was completely devastated and in total shock, but it pulled people together. People do have to move on, but her legacy will continue."Her work doesn't just resonate in Batley, it resonates
Dale Arnold, 32, died in hospital after being stabbed in Kelloe, near Durham City, on the afternoon of 3 August
Darren Byrne denies murder and arson. A former city trader has denied murdering his wife after she discovered he was having an affair with a married woman.
A man has been rescued after a car was driven at speed into Carr Mill reservoir in St Helens, Merseyside.The man was found to be uninjured when taken to hospital.
Climate change 'double jeopardy'. A study of more than 250 species suggests their ability to adapt to changes in rainfall and temperature will be vastly outpaced by future climate change.
Nato has warned Russia that a missile deployment in Kaliningradars and anti-shipping missile-launchers has raised the stakes for Nato's relations with Moscow.The Kremlin has accused Nato of stoking tensions by expanding eastwards.
Crucible 2012: Ding Ding Junhui wins decider with a break of 74 to beat Portugal's Fernando Figueiredo 6-4 in the Crucible semi-finals. Ding Junhu won a tense decider to beat Portuguese world number 127 Fernando Figuiredo in the final session of the Crucial World Championship in Sheffield.Ding, ranked fifth in the world, rallied to take the 10th frame and won the decider.
"Someone calling themselves "Trans" and an "anarchist" led a five person attack on me on the platform at Aberdeen University. I continued.
Champions League: Tottenham 2-1 at Monaco. Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham pay the price for their woeful home form as they exit from the Champions League.
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would be willing to serve under Donald Trump if asked.Asked if he thought Mr Trump had the correct temperament to be the US President, he said: "It's up to Americans at this point in time not only to hope that that is the case, but if they can, endeavour to help him."He then indicated he would personally serve under Mr Trump if he asked.Gen Petraeus resigned as CIA director in 2012 following an extramarital affair with his biographer.It later emerged he had shared classified material with her.He served as a senior officer under Presidents Bush and Obama.
Nikki Haley is the daughter of Indian immigrants and was a vocal critic of Mr Trump on the campaign trailA rising star in the Republican party, the 44-year-old is the youngest governor in the USMr Trump said in a press release: "Governor Haley has a proven track record of bringing people together regardless of background or party affiliation to move critical policies forward for the betterment of her state and our countryShe is also a proven dealmaker, and we look to be making plenty of deals. She will be a great leader representing us on the world stage."The Republican-controlled Senate will need to confirm her appointment before she
Anastasia Deyeva, 24, has been appointed a deputy interior minister, unprecedented for anyone of her age. She was an aide to an MP, worked for a Swedish energy company and was considered suitably qualified enough to be offered an interior ministry job in 2015.But her promotion to become Ukraine's youngest ever deputy minster unleashed a torrent of criticism."I knew that I'd end up in the limelight, that there would be criticism and biased commentary.
The Oscar-winning film has been conserved in the US National Film Registry for its "cultural, historical, or aesthetic" significance.
The Saudi-led coalition says it does not target civilians, but the UN says air strikes have caused the majority of the more than 4,125 civilian deaths recorded since the conflict in Yemen escalated in March 2015.
Douglas Ross's trip to Portugal meant he was unable to attend a justice committee meeting in the Scottish Parliament
The Scottish Salmon Company said it was hit by "exceptional mortalities" amounting to 1,300 tonnes - about a fifth of its potential harvest.
Burkina Faso: Dengue fever kills brother quickly. A mosquito-borne disease has killed a young brother and infected two other people in the capital, Ouagadougou, causing alarm and officials are trying to avoid any widespread panic.
The RSPCA said the order could create a "negative view of dog ownership".
Canadian ice cream maker Chapman's Ice Cream has offered to buy Beavercrest Community School in Markdale for about CA$1m ($741,000; Â£596,000) to keep the school open. A Canadian company is offering to buy a public school in a rural town in order to keep it open.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has failed to use the Autumn Statement to address the severe funding pressures in schools and colleges, head teachers have said.The chancellor did, however, confirm a Â£50m pot of money to support the expansion of grammar schools.
A firm will also be a limited cost trader if it spends less than £1,000 a year, even if this is more than than 2% of the firm's turnover on goods.This means that a firm will have to pay a flat rate of £9 (£120 x 7.5%) to HMRC if it sells £120 of goods, including VAT of £20, and £19.80 (£12 x 16.5%).A firm will not be able to use the flat rate scheme if it has a very low cost base. For example, a firm may be a low cost trader, but spend less than
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating 56 cases of alleged failures by South Yorkshire Police in responding to child sexual exploitation in Rotherham.
I was under a lot of pressure because I just haven't won a match for ages, but I am out of it now.
A Military Explosive Ordnance Disposal team (EOD) has set up a 1,000m (0.62 mile) exclusion zone at Henbury Quarry in Old Market Road, ahead of a controlled explosion at 10:00 GMT
Dumfries and Galloway Council has spent more than £750,000 on events since 2014. A study has found that more than 43% of audiences had come from outside Dumfrisland. A review of the local authority's Major Festivals and Events Strategy has concluded that it has "generally met its objectives".
Pembrokeshire council is considering the introduction of free black bin bag collection.The move is just one of several waste and recycling options considered by the council on Thursday.Black bags are currently collected fortnightly.The council's head of environment, Richard Brown said there will be "high public interest" whatever they come up with.
Glamorgan T20 fixtures in 2018:7 July: Hampshire (h)9 July: Sussex (a)15 July: Somerset (h).All their home T20 matches will be played in Cardiff.
McLaren's Jenson Button: 'I don't want to be racing in F1 beyond this year'. McLaren's Lewis Hamilton says he is not going to race in Formula 1 in 2018. Lewis Hamilton is not sure if he will race in the 2018 Formula One season, but says he does not want to go into this weekend's Monaco Grand Prix thinking it will be his last.
Josh Poysden and Mellor have committed to the Bears until at least the end of the 2018 season.Warwickshire chief executive Neil Snowball said: "Josh and Alex have big futures here at Edgbaston.
A Danish magazine has been sentenced to 18 months in jail for selling information about the location of major public figures including Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen and actor Mads Mikkelsen. The case has attracted huge public interest in Denmark.
Paul Lambert: Wolves boss Sigurður Bodvarsson says Paul Lambert's message is much more clear now. Wolves boss Paul Lambert says his team are playing much faster and defending better.
Tourism Ireland has been criticised by the airport boss in a strongly-worded letter obtained by the BBC's The View.
The researchers said their findings could help prevent the spread of lung cancer.
Georgia 38-11 Scotland: Greig Laidlaw, Greig Graylaw and Stuart Hogg score four tries. Georgia's Vasil Lobzhanidze scores a late try to give Georgia a 24-11 lead, but Scotland respond with four tries in the second half. Georgia captain Samu Kereketi celebrates after scoring his side's fourth try against Scotland. Georgia head coach Vern Cotter: "It was a good first half. We scored three pretty quick tries, and we held the ball so they couldn't access the game as they would have liked. We kept the ball down the other end,
Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri says Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring for the Foxes in the Premier League.Vardy has scored twice in the league this season, compared with 13 at the same stage in 2015-16.
Machynlleth is one of three areas in the county deemed to need a travellers' site to meet rules set out by the Welsh Government.
Wales' Anthony Cordina says he will be turning professional in the near future. Wales lightweight boxer Anthony Cordinas says he is set to turn professional after winning bronze at the Rio Olympics and the Commonwealth Games. Wales' Tony Cordina has said he is ready to turn pro after winning a bronze medal at the 2016 Olympics.
Francois Fillon under fire over women's rightsThe past week has seen a bitter row over the nature Mr Fillon's social policiesMr Juppe, a former conservative prime minister, has been the front-runner for the Republican nomination since the party's primary vote on Sunday.Mr Fillon, who has been accused of being a "Mr Nobody", has been under fire for his views on women's issues.He has also faced criticism over his stance on immigration.
Sherri Papini was still bound with restraints when she managed to flag down a car on Thursday some 140 miles (225km) from where she was last seen.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is ''proud'' of Andy Woodward for speaking out about being sexually abused by coaches as a child.The FA chief said the number of young players who had been abused could number hundreds and that there was ''no excuse to let young lads down now.''We must protect next generation - FA chiefWarnock said he had spoken to Mr Woodward before he went public.''I had an hour with him on the phone and in that conversation he broke down in tears because it's horrific''It's alright saying it's a long time ago but to actually confront it in the media takes so
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock says he was disappointed he did not get a chance with Aston Villa in the summer. Cardiff boss Alan Pardew had been tipped to take over at Aston Villa from Roberto Di Matteo, but he was sacked after 124 days and replaced by Steve Bruce.
A woman in her 20s was pushed to the ground and assaulted by a man on a bike.
Sir John warned against Brexit being dictated by the "tyranny of the majority".
Jeremiah Regis, aged two-and-a-half, was found injured at an address in Wolverhampton on November 20.He was pronounced dead in hospital on 21 November.A post-mortem examination showed he died of abdominal peritonitis caused by blunt force trauma.
Heather Knight: England captain to return to Hobart Hurricanes in the Women's Big Bash League. England captain Heather Knight is heading to Australia for the second edition of the WBBL. I'm really looking forward to playing at Derby and Leicester, and with a bit of luck and some good performances, at Lord's in winter.
A Canadian amusement park has been charged with failing to provide adequate food and water for 35 bears.
Sutton United 2, Cheltenham Town 1: Deacon fires Robins into third round of FA Cup. Daniel Wright (Sutton United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.Foul by Craig Eastmond (Cheltenham United).Daniel Wright is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Daniel O'Shaughnessy wins a free kick in the attacking half.Daniel Spence wins a header from the centre of the box, but it is ruled out for offside. Daniel Wright is given a yellow card after a foul on Maxime Biamou.
Fleetwood Town 0, Shrewsbury Town 0: Ivan Toney and Louis Dodds miss chances. Fleetwood are denied three times by the woodwork in the second half as Shrewshbury Town reach the fifth round of the FA Cup with a 1-0 win over League One rivals Fleetwood. Fleetford Town are denied a first-half goal by a late save from Shropshire Town goalkeeper Alex Cairns as the League One side reach the fourth round with a 0-0 draw at home to League One opponents Shrewdbury Town. Bobby Grant (Fleetwood Town) left footed
Stevenage 3, Doncaster Rovers 4. Rowan Liburd (Stevenage) left footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner.Own Goal by Jamie Jones, Stevenage.Own goal by James Coppinger,  Doncaster   Rovers.  Stevenage 2, Donaster Rovers 3. Andy Butler (Doncaster) right footed header from the centre of the box is saved in the middle of the goal by Dean Wells.Andy Butler  (Ronnie Henry)    (Stevenages)  (Doncasters Rovers)  Referee: Paul Keegan
Rangers 2, Aberdeen 1: Jayden Stockley and Kenny Miller strike for Rangers. Rangers beat Aberdeen 2-1 at Ibrox to go two points ahead of Hearts and remain eight points behind leaders Celtic.
St Johnstone 3, Inverness CT 0: Gary Warren sent off for two bookable offences in quick succession. Gary Warren (St Johnstone) wins a free kick on the right wing.Attempt missed. Gary Warren was sent-off in the first half.Gary Warren was dismissed for a second bookable offence after the break, leading to Murray Davidson firing in a second goal.Craig's goal is a good, quality goal, and we probably could've scored more when they went down to 10.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola on Sky Sports: "Congratulations to Chelsea - they won. We played really good, had a lot of control and created chances - but the ball in the box was not strong enough."
Wrexham 0, Macclesfield Town 1. Mitch Hancox (Wrexham) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Curtis Tilt is shown a yellow card.    First Half ends, Wrexam 0, Mackenzie Town 0.First Half begins.  First half begins.First half ends.  Danny Whitaker (Macclesfield town) scores a penalty.  Jack Mackenzie (Macclefield Town) scores his first goal for the Silkmen.  Second Half begins,   Jack Sampson replaces Jack Mackreth.Second half begins, W
Bristol City 2, Ipswich Town 0.Bristol City boss Lee Johnson:"It was a sensational goal. It is a really difficult skill to get the ball to dip from the position Luke struck it."Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy:"The difference between the teams was a penalty and a worldie. They started well, but we got to grips with that."We were on top when an unbelievable flying bomb hit the top corner of our net for the second goal.It was absolutely unstoppable."I have no complaints about our display. We need to be more effective in the final third, but other than that I felt
The boy's injuries had become life-threatening and his next of kin were aware.
Meden Sports Centre in Warsop, Nottinghamshire, has faced ongoing maintenance issues with a temporary closures and Â£500,000 spent on repairs.
In a letter to all party leaders, the Equality and Human Rights Commission expresses concern about hate attacks that have taken place since the referendum.
The government's green paper, published this week, aims to increase public trust in business in the face of the rise in anti-globalisation and anti-business sentiment.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte: How is he mixing pure theatre in his technical area with the job of guiding Chelsea back to the top of the Premier League?
Bolton Wanderers 3, Sheffield United 2: Sammy Ameobi and Josh Vela equalise as Wanderers progress to play-off semi-final. Bolton Wanderer 3, Sheffield United 2.Sammy Ameobi (Bolton Wanderers) right footed shot from the centre of the six yard box is saved in the middle of the goal by Gary Madine.Josh Vela's header from outside the box is deflected to the left of the box by Josh O'Connell, who has a free kick in the attacking half.Josh O’Connell (Sheffield Utd) header from
The sofa was seen perched in the boot of the Toyota Celica on the A140
A woman has died after her body was found on land bordering Poole Lane and Old Court House Lane in Bromborough, Wirral.
Sepsis can lead to shock and rapid organ failure following an infection.It can be treated effectively with antibiotics - if spotted quickly enough.A snapshot of 290 hospital patients showing signs of sepsis found only 12% were initially screened and treated.
Pat Pat Bonner assesses the victors' performance in Sunday's Scottish League Cup final, while former Aberdeen and Scotland defender Willie Miller gives his marks out of 10 for Derek McInnes' side. He's been at the club long enough to know what's expected, should be performing to a high level and on the big stage. If you want to be an international, you have to perform better. He was taken out the game on two or three occasions and Celtic players realised he was the main threat.
Oldham Athletic 2-3 Lincoln City: Oldham fail to find the net. Lincoln City win 2-0 in the League One play-off semi-final second leg at Oldham, but the Imps are knocked out of the competition by a 2-1 defeat at the Stadium of Light.Oldham, who are 23rd in League One, have now failed to win in five matches in all competitions.Media playback is not supported on this device Oldham manager Danny Cowley paid tribute to the club's fans after the game, saying the 7,012 supporters in the ground "carried" his side to the
John Jackson worked in the Witham-based criminal justice mental health team when concerns were raised about his internet use.
The families of 21 people killed in attacks at two pubs in Birmingham in 1974 have applied for legal aid, but the coroner has said he has no powers to grant it.
Moana is the second-highest Thanksgiving debut of all time, behind Disney's Frozen. Moana, a Disney film about a princess's mythical journey in ancient Polynesia, took an estimated $81.1m (£65.3m) on its debut.
Lucy Lucy Bronze (England) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved by Loes Gurts.Conceded by Jo Potter.Jodie Taylor wins a free kick in the attacking half.Foul by Shanice Van de Sanden (Netherlands Women).Offside, England.Sophie van der Gragt wins the ball from outside the box, but her shot is blocked by Sherida Spitse.Fouled by Stefanie van de Gragst (N.S.A.E.R.S)Foul, Netherlands Women 0, England 1.Second Half
Hong Kong's pro-independence politician Yau Yau has admitted it could bankrupt her. "We have to find another way to solve this problem," she says.
A member of the public alerted the emergency services to the discovery at about 21:00 on Sunday
The Gambia's president, Yahya Jammeh, has cancelled a planned visit to Cuba to pay tribute to Fidel Castro.Cuba was one of the first countries to establish diplomatic relations with the Gambia in 1994.
Tata Steel firm Tata Steel has agreed to sell its Speciality Steels unit.More than 1,700 people are employed in the division, which has factories in Rotherham and Stocksbridge.More on this and other South Yorkshire storiesThe union's general secretary Roy Rickhuss said: "This is a positive step for the UK steel industry; however there remain huge challenges which government must address."The union said it would be seeking urgent talks with Liberty House Group and would be asking what their plans were for investment, protecting jobs and providing decent pensions for members in retirement.Tata Steel's UK boss Bimlendra J
Paul Nuttall won the party's leadership contest on Monday, promising to target Labour voters in the north of England.He took 9,622 votes with 62.6% of support among party members.The AM for North Wales sits as an independent in the Senedd after falling out with the UKIP assembly group leader Neil Hamilton.UKIP's ruling national executive committee had earlier agreed to hold a ballot of Welsh members on whether Mr Gill should continue to be both an AM and an MEP.But Mr Gill claimed the new leader did not want the ballot to happen.He told BBC Wales: "I've spoken to Paul about this
Torquay boss Mark Nicholson unhappy with attitude. Torquays boss Mark Nicholls is unhappy with the attitude of his side ahead of Thursday's trip to Tranmere Rovers.
Jocelyn McKay is now 81 and said she feels "released" from the feelings that gripped her for so long."I may be old, but at least I am happy," she told BBC News NI."I hadn't really lived until I got the operation."For years I felt I was in the wrong body and it wasn't until I was 69 that I plucked up the courage to ask for help."It was only after a trip to Manchester with some friends, during which Ms McKay lived as a woman, that she realised the surgery was something she needed."I was a cross-dresser, I went away dressed
Two men have pleaded guilty to charges of dealing with proceeds of crime in connection with the theft of two marmoset monkeys from a zoo in Australia's south-west.The zoo said it had launched a desperate appeal for information, amid fears that the baby would die within 48 hours if unable to feed from its mother.A female and a baby were retrieved on Sunday, and are already back at Symbio Wildlife Park, south of Sydney.Brothers Jesse and Jackson George are not believed to have snatched the monkeys from their enclosure, but they were charged with trying to profit from the theft.Pygmy marmosets
More than half of firms they visited did not have the correct waste collection contracts in place.
The Fairtrade Foundation has welcomed Mondelez's move, but critics warn this could confuse consumers. They also fear that shared standards around ethical trade will be lost if more firms drop Fairtrade.
The 7cm (2.8in) item was found in the grave of a female and has been described as one of the "most elaborate...ever found".It was declared treasure alongside other items at an inquest in Norwich.The burial dates to the cusp of the early Christianisation of Anglo-Saxon England, around the middle of the 7th century AD.She was undoubtedly a lady of some status in the community of East Anglia as the magnificent garnet inlaid pendant and associated grave goods demonstrate."Dr Andrew Rogerson, of the county's Heritage Environment Services, previously described the pendant
Prince Harry has praised a drawing of himself created by a teenager during a visit to an exhibition of environmental and social projects on Grenada's Grand Anse beach in the capital St George's.
Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn has been the undisputed heir to the throne since his formal investiture in 1972.The deeply revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej died on 13 October, plunging Thailand into mourning.The prince was widely expected to succeed his father, but officials had earlier said he wanted to postpone it by at least a year.His real reasons are not known; public mourning for his father would not have been affected had he been anointed immediately after his father's death.But the crown prince's unexpected decision to delay taking the throne has made this yet another succession which has departed from
The 14-year-old has only drunk from the double-handled vessels, which are no longer produced, since the age of two.Tommee Tippee said it will produce 500 cups after it searched factories worldwide and found the original mould.A spokesman said: "We are delighted to confirm that we are able to start production on a run of the original cup."This will ensure that Ben has a lifetime supply and that his family won't ever have to worry about finding another cup for Ben."Mr Carter, from Devon, told the BBC his son has had his current blue cup for three years, but
Eric Eric Bristow has been dropped from Sky Sports' darts coverage.Bristow asked on Twitter why victims did not "sort out" their abusers "when they got older and fitter".He added the victims should not be able to look themselves in the mirror for not "getting their own back" on their abusers in adulthood.In addition to his comments on sex abuse victims, Bristow caused anger by conflating paedophiles with homosexuals in a tweet that read: "Might be a loony but if some football coach was touching me when I was a kid, as I got older
The maternity unit at Caithness General is currently led by consultant obstetricians, but it has no facilities for on-site specialist neonatal paediatric support or adult intensive careThe move which will see the withdrawal of consultant obstetrics was agreed on grounds of safety, the board saidHowever, the change is opposed by a local campaignA number of campaigners travelled from Wick to stage a demonstration outside the board's meeting in InvernessThe CMU setup could be in place by April next yearChiefs at NHS Highland said the health board already operated seven CMUs and has "a lot of experience" of this type
A man has died after being shot by police in Hull following reports of a man carrying an axe.The man has not been named but his family have been informed, it added.
Scarlets centre Scott Williams and hooker Ken Owens will be rested for the Scarlets' European Champions Cup double-header against Toulon on 11 and 18 December. Scarlets full-back Scott Williams is set to return to regional action against Zebre on 11 December.
Sky will become a "quad play" provider, offering broadband, television fixed-line telephone and a mobile service.
Richard III has helped keep Leicester City buzzing, according to one hotelier. Leicester City are through to the last 16 of the Champions League, where they will meet Sevilla.
Rita Wharton died when her car was hit after Anita Corless tried to overtake traffic near Welshpool, Powys.
Ronald Dickens, 47, followed a woman in her 20s into Newbold Road in Rugby in November 1985.
Yorkshire Ambulance Service figures show medics spent 32,000 hours waiting at A&E departments in 2015-16 compared with 16,000 in 2014-15.
A woman has appeared at Banff Sheriff Court accused of failing to keep her car under proper control.
Money Advice Service to deliver calendar of month-by-month tips.
A BfV spokesman did not confirm a report in Die Welt newspaper that the man was suspected of planning.
Newcastle lock Calum Green, 26, has been banned for a week after admitting striking with his arm.
Sherri Papini was found with a bag over her head and chained at the waist and wrists on the side of a highway, about 140 miles (225km) from her home in northern California before dawn last Thursday.Police have cleared Mr Papini of suspicion after he submitted to a polygraph test.In his written statement, Mrs Papini's husband added: "Rumors, assumptions, lies, and hate have been both exhausting and disgusting.
"My father was retired and spending time with my nephews, like driving them to school, was a huge part of his day. After they left, he had nothing to do and that scared my mother and me," said Mr Lee. "He hated the idea and just could not grasp the concept. He didn't understand the purpose of why we wanted to share his art on Instagram but I was determined to teach him."But I sat down with him every day and at dinner one night, we had a conversation about drawing for my son. That was the turning point and eventually he became more receptive to learn."Capt
School crossing patrol personnel numbers have dropped by about 75 since 2013, leading to fears about safety.The figures were obtained from Freedom of Information requests answered by 30 of Scotland's 32 local authorities.Overall, councils spent £810,000 less on the service than three years ago.Stirling Council has reduced its outlay by the highest percentage, spending 50% less than in 2013.West Dunbartonshire cut its spending on patrol services by 40%.It showed there are now just over 2,100 school patrol officers in Scotland.Despite the widespread reductions, some local authorities actually increased their spend - including Invercly
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "expecting to have the results of what has come forth in some shape or form" of a survey of the Scottish public's views on independence and Brexit. The Scottish National Party has said it is expecting to have results of a national conversation survey of people's views about the Scottish government's plans to call another referendum on independence in the wake of the Brexit vote.The survey was launched by the party's leader and Scottish first minister, Nicola Sturgeon, last week.It is the latest in a series of polls which have suggested support for independence has not yet led to a surge in support for
Elvis Presley: Elvis Esposito dies of natural causes in California. Elvis Presleito, who died aged 77, was one of two best men at the star's wedding to Priscilla in 1967.
Matthew McConaughey, 47, graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1993. He is an avid fan of its American football team.The Sure Walk project has been set up to ensure students get back safely from campus when it is dark.
A woman who was last seen at her home in Inverkip has been reported missing by her carers. Police are searching for a woman who has been missing for more than a month.
Edinburgh ranks second in a list of Britain's most congested cities, while Glasgow is third.
Theresa May said EU leaders' remarks showed it was "absolutely right" for the UK not to have acted unilaterally.
Worcestershire's Mitch Santner will return to the club for the 2017 season. Worcesterhire have confirmed that Mitch Santner will rejoin the Rapids following June's ICC Trophy in England.
Macclesfield Town: Martin Parkin to sign a permanent deal until the end of the season.
Wanda Campbell, 43, of Auchenmalg near Newton Stewart, was jailed for three years.
A&E services at Telford's Princess Royal Hospital could be downgraded, leaving the Royal Shrewsbury as the only hospital in the county to offer emergency and critical care.
The woman, who wished to remain anonymous, said she was "swept off my feet" when she was contacted by a man she believed to be in Turkey.She lost her home, business and took out several loans over 14 months.She was told the man and his young son had been attacked and mugged, with the boy requiring "urgent medical care".
GoPro has announced that it will stop selling its fold-up Karma drone at the end of the year as it struggles to recover from a series of drone crashes.The company said it would cut 1,000 jobs at its San Mateo, California-based headquarters and cut the number of employees it has in the United States.In addition, the US company said its president, Anthony Bates, would quit his post. GoPro has said it will halt sales of its fold up Karma drone after it was recalled due to a power supply flaw. The company is being sued over claims it misled investors about demand for the product and took
Oldham Athletic 2, Peterborough United 0: Paul Green and Ryan McLaughlin score first goals as Latics move to within three points of safety. Paul Green scores his first goal for Oldham as the Latics complete back-to-back home victories under John Sheridan.Oldham Athletic have completed back to back home victories in the Championship as they complete a 2-0 victory over Peterborough to move to three points clear at the top of the table.Oldham were well below par and did not go close to scoring until injury time when Marcus Maddison clipped the bar from distance. Oldham  Athletic  2,
HIV test guidelines may not be implemented in England because of a lack of funds
Gloucester's hooker Adam Hook returns to Ospreys. Gloucester fly-half Adam Hook has returned to Wales to sign a new contract with the Welsh region.
Magnus Carlsen of Norway defeated Sergey Karjakin of Russia to win the World Chess Championship in New York.Carlsen sealed victory following three weeks of play and a series of tiebreakers.
James Graham's political play This House has just transferred to London's West End, four years after it premiered at The National Theatre.The play, written by James Graham, has been described as "the most intelligent, entertaining and informative political drama of this decade" by The Guardian's Michael Billington. The play, which is set in a parliamentary polling station, has had a run at the Chichester Theatre before transferring to the West End.
Police have released pictures of the stolen items in an attempt to trace them.
A 20-year-old man was with a male friend in Old Rutherglen Road when another man attacked him.
Pte Matthew Boyd, 20, was off-duty on a night out in Brecon when he was punched and beaten by Jake Vallely.
The Rohingya are one of Myanmar's many ethnic minorities and say they are descendants of Arab traders and other groups who have been in the region for generations.But Myanmar's government denies them citizenship and sees them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh - a common attitude among many Burmese.The predominantly Buddhist country has a long history of communal mistrust, which was allowed to simmer, and was at times exploited, under decades of military rule.About one million Muslim Rohingya are estimated to live in western Rakhine state, where they are a sizable minority.An outbreak of communal violence there in 2012 saw more than 100,000 people displaced
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy makes the World XI for the first time in the competition's 12-year history.
The Prison Officers Association (POA) has agreed a pay deal with the government which includes a pay rise and a reduction in the retirement age.Under the agreement, prison officers will be allowed to retire at 65 - up to three years ahead of the current state pension age -.
The National Police Chiefs' Council said a "significant number of calls" had been received after several former players alleged past abuse by coaches.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a foot injury.The Spain international, 31, has not played since mid-October after injuring an Achilles in Arsenal's.
Paralympic hockey: GB beaten 5-1 by Slovakia in play-off. Britain's men's hockey team were comprehensively beaten by Slovakia to secure a spot at next year's Pyeongchang qualification tournament.
Sir Elton said he was not surprised considering the DUP's Trevor Clarke said this week he did not know until recently that heterosexual people could contract HIV.
A Mongolian rapper has been arrested after he was allegedly beaten by a Russian diplomat at a concert in his country's capital.Amarmandakh Sukhbaatar - who is known as Amraa and is the lead singer of the band Khar Sarnai [Black Rose] - frequently wears the symbol on stage, and his songs often refer to Mongolia's history, culture and identity.The swastika is believed to have originated in India thousands of years ago, and was used in Mongolia as a symbol of eternity centuries before the Third Reich.Tens of millions of Soviet citizens died fighting the forces of Nazi
A Brazilian football player who was on board a plane that crashed in Colombia's Medellin airport on Tuesday was in a stable condition after undergoing surgery on a lung, a knee, a wrist and his head, doctors said.Five other people survived the crash, which killed 71 people.Colombian officials say evidence is growing that the plane ran out of fuel.Miguel Quiroga, the pilot of the British-made Avro RJ85 aircraft, had been warned by an official at Santa Cruz airport, in Bolivia, where the plane took off, that he might not have enough fuel, Boliv
Two men, aged 22 and 24, have been arrested and bailed over the crash.
Take That hold the record for playing the most dates at Wembley
A new report has found that alcohol is now more affordable and people are drinking more than they did 40 years ago, making it the leading risk factor for ill health, early death and disability in those aged 15 to 49 in England.The report, published by the Department of Health, says there is little evidence to suggest that putting more information on labels on alcoholic drinks would lead to a reduction in alcohol-related harm.It concludes that reducing the affordability of alcohol is the most cost-effective way of reducing alcohol harm.But a plan to introduce a minimum price of 45p per unit of alcohol was shelved by the coalition
Lancashire shale gas firm Cuadrilla says it will spend up to half of its £50m shale gas exploration budget in the county.The firm's plans for fracking at its Preston New Road site at Little Plumpton were approved in October.
Children in P6 and P7 will learn how to cope with change under the Healthy Me programme developed by Northern Ireland charity, Action Mental Health.Its chief executive David Babington said it will help prepare pupils for the stresses of the transfer test and big changes in their educational life.
Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel: Who will be on Wolff's shortlist and how likely are they to get the seat?Wolff has a long relationship with Vettel as part of his management team and rates him highly. He would deliver solid results on track and is calm and would not rock the boat off it.Next year is the last year of his contract at Williams. The team is not the most flush with cash in the pit lane and Wolff would almost certainly be able to put together an attractive deal - either for a cash payment to release Bottas or a reduction in Williams' engine fee.
Adidas and the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAFS) have ended their commercial relationship at the end of 2016.
Paralympic double amputee set records in 40 marathons. Paralympian David Baird has charted his progress for many years, including his training build-up to the Games.
Carmarthenshire council has bought the Guildhall, one of the last law courts to be hanged in Wales.The council said it was still investigating how to make best use of the venue.
We look back at the 22-year rule of the controversial and outspoken leader.
President-elect Donald Trump has broken with decades of US protocol by speaking directly to the president of Taiwan.The move risks angering China, which sees Taiwan as a breakaway province.Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi dismissed the call as a "petty trick" by Taiwan, Chinese state media said.The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it opposed any official interaction or military contact between the US and Taiwan, according to the People's Daily, a Communist Party mouthpiece.Mr Trump tweeted on Friday that Ms Tsai had called him to congratulate him on winning the US election.His team said that the US president-elect had also
Rochdale 3, Scunthorpe United 0-0. The Iron scored twice in the last 10 minutes to make a contest of it, but they left themselves with too much to do, having fallen 3-0 down midway through the second half. The visitors were fortunate to go in only a goal down at half-time, a Dale lead deservedly earned in the 41st minute when Joe Thompson side-footed home Joe Bunney's delivery.Rochdale's Tom Hopper's header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right   .   Roch
Prince Harry has visited the Iwokrama rainforest in Guyana on the penultimate day of his Caribbean tour.The prince was welcomed to the village with a feathered headdress, before he watched a cultural dance around a pole.
The incident happened on the Whiterock Road at about 15:00 GMT on Friday afternoon
Bristol City pair Jake and Kodi are the first non-Guernsey players to join Guernsey FC since the clubs agreed a partnership deal earlier this week
The man, who had rib and back injuries, was flown to hospital in a rescue helicopter
BarBarcelona remain six points off leaders Real after Sergio Ramos' last-minute header made it 1-1 after Luis Suarez had opened the scoring.
Georges Mandjeck (Metz) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.Rachid Ghezzal (Lyon) wins a free kick on the right wing.Foul by Maxime Gonalons (L Lyon).Georges Mandjek wins a header from the right side of the six yard box, but it is ruled out for offside.Maxwel Cornet wins a corner kick, but the ball is not cleared.GeorgesMandjeck wins a penalty, but he is fouled by Renaud Cohade in the penalty area.
The PM also said she enjoys Strictly Come Dancing.
Boris Johnson says the UK could pay for tariff-free access to the EU's internal market.
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe hailed an "historic decision" and said it was "forever grateful" to President Obama.
Storm Desmond began battering parts of the UK on 5 December, depositing a record month's worth of rain on Cumbria.
John Key, New Zealand's prime minister, has announced his resignation, saying he would not be seeking a fourth term in office. New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has announced he will step down at the end of the year, saying his job required great sacrifices "from those who are dearest to me" and that his children had coped with "an extraordinary level of intrusion".
The Scottish Football Association said a third-party email database had been compromised and urged recipients to delete the email.
Gren Grenoble: Dan Biggar, Tom Habberfield, Sam Parry, Rory Thornton, Alun Wyn Jones (capt), James King, Dan Baker, Justin Tipuric.
I'm a female who has a period every month and I am still able to work as well as any man! If some women can't then that's their problem and they need to see a doctor! I've had to stop walking and hold on to a wall or a fence when walking to work. I can barely walk it's so bad. Strong painkillers just leave me fatigued and confused. I haven't taken time off work, but it definitely affects my work performance. I don't consider it necessary to call in sick, nor do I believe additional leave days should be required... We don't need additional
Charlton Athletic have launched an investigation into an allegation of historical child abuse at the club.
Nadine Foster, 18, was a passenger in a Ford Focus when it hit a wall in Stourbridge, in the West Midlands, in April
Medical staff in more than 2,000 public hospitals in Kenya have joined a nationwide strike to demand a pay rise for doctors.The medics, wearing white gowns and surgical caps, were demanding the government honour a 2013 deal to increase salaries.They say the action is premature and negotiations should continue.Officials say doctors have defied a court order suspending the strike until the end of this month to allow for more talks.But the Kenya Medical Practitioners Pharmacists and Dentists' Union (KMPDU) said it had run out of patience after government commitments failed to materialise.
A Muslim convert has been convicted of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and battery after he shoved a boy and girl in the street in Newham, east London, and called them a "whore" and a "slut". A convicted hate preacher has been found guilty of assaulting a teenage boy and a girl in a street fight. Michael Coe, 35, was radicalised in prison by al-Qaeda terrorist Dhiren Barot in 2007.
Wilfifa Wilfried Zaha has been allowed to switch allegiance from England to Ivory Coast, according to the Football Association of Ivory Coast.Zaha's slip down the pecking order for England opened up the chance for Ivory Coast to persuade the 24-year-old to switch to the Elephants.And Tohe told BBC Sport why he believes playing for Ivorian has great appeal."Ivory Coast is valued, the national team is always at the World Cup, we won the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations.
A judge said there was a basis for concluding the officers, known as M and Q, may have perverted the course of justice and committed perjury while giving evidence.The judge said he was not duty bound to report the matter to the Director of Public Prosecutions because he considered that their behaviour sought to conceal the role played by DP2 in the events of November 25, 1992."This attempted concealment could have seriously impacted on this hearing."
Optimists were less likely to get fatal cancer, heart disease, lung conditions and stroke in their retirement years.The researchers looked at health data collected from a large US study of working and retired female nurses.
Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero and Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas have been charged with violent conduct.
Hull boss Neil Davies says Mike Phelan had little time to explore all of his options. Hull manager Neil Davies admits Mike Mhelan only had a few days to explore his options after the Tigers' 1-0 defeat at Middlesbrough.
The app can now identify up to 70,000 public figures by looking at images, video or an actual person
Nah Nahki Wells (Huddersfield Town) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Christopher Schindler with a headed pass following a set piece situation.Lloyd Dyer (Burton Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Michael Hefele (Hampshire Town).Aaron Mooy (Hampton Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Michael O'Grady (Brentford) is sent off for a foul on Aaron Mooy in the second half.Aaron Molyneux
Bournemouth 1, Leicester City 0: Eddie Howe's Cherries earn hard-earned win over champions. The champions paid for a lacklustre first half, where they created clear openings for Jamie Vardy and Robert Huth, but surrendered the ball all too easily.Media playback is not supported on this deviceBournemouth manager Eddie Howe: "It didn't feel anything like routine. It was dramatic playing the champions, we know their qualities and the lads did particularly well. I thought we were magnificent in that respect."Leicester manager Claudio Ranieri: "The result is too severe against us because
A man has been charged with causing serious injury to a 31-year-old woman by dangerous driving.
A former drug dealer who used to be a "big time gangster drug dealer" says he has not touched drugs ever since.Ryan Shaw, from Cumbernauld, south-east of Glasgow, was a drug dealer from the age of 12 until he was 20, when he discovered God and quit overnight.He says he was addicted to cocaine, Valium, ecstasy, speed, heroin, and ecstasy tablets. He was also dealing them, and at one point faced a possible jail sentence.While Ryan escaped jail time in New Zealand, his visa was revoked, and he returned to Scotland in May 2000.He joined
The Scottish government believes Holyrood should be consulted before talks between the UK and EU begin.
US stocks closed higher on Friday, with the Dow and the wider S&P 500 just missing a new record. The Nasdaq rose 0.5% to 5,333.00.
Beyon is up for the main prize, album of the year, for her ambitious visual album, Lemonade, which tackles themes of race and female identity.Her single Formation is also up for song and record of the same category.In all three categories, she is up against Adele - who previously won the ceremony's top three prizes in 2012.Beyonce now has 62 Grammy nominations across her work as a solo artist and as part of Destiny's Child, making her the fourth most-nominated artist ever.She has won 20 trophies altogether, although she has yet to clinch the album of […].
A publican who attacked a gay man with a steak knife has been jailed.Sean Mitchell, 46, inflicted four stab wounds on Stephen Dagg, 53, when he attacked him from behind at the St Mary's Vaults pub.
Arriva Trains Wales chief executive John Skates has accused Network Rail of a lack of investment in clearing leaves this autumn.He believes this has led to over-crowding and reduced punctuality of services as it forces more rolling stock to be removed from routes.Arriva said 54 out of its fleet of 127 have had to be taken away for repairs this autumn - an increase of 54% on the same period last year.
A fan who was struck avoided serious injury at Pittodrie.
A point mutation in a human-specific gene appears to have changed the function of the gene, sparking the process of expansion of the neocortex.
The woman said: "He's a monster. I couldn't cope with it any more.
A life-sized doll has been stolen from the nativity scene in Edinburgh's St John's Kirk church. A doll that was put in place by the locals for the Christmas nativity has been taken from the church's nativity display in Edinburgh.
Nottingham Forest 1, Preston North End 1: Simon Makienok and Alan Browne equalise. Nottingham Forest equalise after a second-half equaliser from Thomas Lam puts the visitors level at 1-1 with a header from the centre of the box as they earn a point at home to Preston.
Urjit Patel, the governor of the Reserve Bank of India, said the decision to exclude certain media organisations had nothing to do with the recent currency note ban in India. "Space constraint" is the only official response we were given.
Thousands of people have been forced to take refuge in temporary shelters and mosques. Some have been left homeless after their houses were destroyed, others have fled their homes amid fears of aftershocks and a possible tsunami.
HMRCRC said it would not comment on named individuals, but took "all allegations of tax evasion extremely seriously" and "always investigates allegations of fraud together with any intelligence provided".
A girl's 15th birthday party in Mexico has gone viral after her father said he would not turn anyone away. A 15-year-old girl in Mexico's state of San Luis Potosi has been invited to a party featuring local bands, a meal and a horse race.
A Finnish police statement said: "The suspect has been co-operative but hasn't been able to clarify a specific motive for his suspected act.
Warren Gatland names interim coach Rob Howley as part of his backroom teamWarren Gatland has named forwards coach Rhys McBryde as his head coach for the summer tour of New Zealand.
The Microscope and its Revelations, by Dr William B Carpenter, was borrowed by former pupil Professor Arthur Boycott, who attended Hereford Cathedral School between 1886 and 1894.The school has promised to waive any fines - which based on the rate at Hereford Library of 17p a day, would have amounted to a staggering Â£7,446.
Gloucester's Mark Atkinson has started a total of 21 Premiership matches
Partick Thistle have confirmed that a former employee of the club has been accused of sexual abuse.The Glasgow club said the employee, who is now dead, had worked at Partick for two years.When the alleged abuse was raised in 1992, he was dismissed "with immediate effect", the club said.
Jayalalitha's death has triggered an air of uncertainty among the 75 million Tamils who have been used to seeing the AIADMK either as a governing party or as the main opposition for nearly four decades.The party, founded in 1972 by the charismatic MG Ramachandran, known as MGR, a film star turned politician, has been playing a crucial role in providing political stability in Tamil Nadu, which is among the most important Indian states economically and politically.Political stability has played a key role in India's development over the years. Its economy has been growing at a rate of around 12% in the past
DJ will be joined on the Dorset festival line-up by 90s girl group All Saints and Frankie Goes to Hollywood frontman Holly Johnson
Sports Direct also reported a big drop in half-year profits, which it blamed partly on the fall in the pound.However, the firm added that it would be buying a corporate jet for Â£40m.
Kuba Moczyk, 22, died in hospital after he was knocked out in an unlicensed fight at the Tower Complex, Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, on 19 November.
Michael Sandford, 20, from Dorking, Surrey, was accused of trying to grab a police officer's gun to shoot Mr Trump at a Las Vegas rally on 18 June.
Lilliard Gin is based at the Born in the Borders visitor centre in Jedburgh
The mother, Vladislava Podchapko, had gone to her partner's flat, without leaving food at home, reports say.Her son Daniil, aged one year and 11 months, died on 3 December. His sister Anya, nearly three, remained in the Kiev flat with the dead body for three more days, until the mother returned.
Gwent and South Wales Police have been judged as good in annual "legitimacy" assessments by HMIC.
The Scottish SPCA said the snake was found on a ship that had docked in Aberdeen from west Africa last month.The snake died after it was placed in a freezer by the animal charity after attempts to rehome it with specialist reptile keepers failed.Police Scotland said a complaint was under consideration.
Bradley Lowery, from Blackhall Colliery, near Hartlepool, was cheered by Sunderland fans when he appeared as a mascot for the team in September.
Take part in our new Premier League Predictor game, which allows you to create leagues with friends
Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board (BCUHB) gave £20,000 towards the Lap of Wales Challenge.But the Wales Audit Office found the board breached its own rules and regulations in handling the funding.
There was a 15% drop in the number of enrolments at FE colleges over the same period, as some students can be enrolled on more than one course.
Bob Walker was struck by the sliding doors when his crutch was trapped after he tried to get off the train when support he had booked did not turn up.
Five Russian women have been decorated with the Order of Courage for their service in Syria, the Kremlin has announced.The women were serving as medics at a field hospital in western Aleppo.
Welsh taekwondo champion Jade Johns believes she could be the next Ronda Rousey.
Martin McGuinness was due to join the first minister on the trade mission
Hugo Boss's Hugo Boss is aiming to be the first Briton to win the race.
Paul Reiffel will not take any further part in the Mumbai Test.
Badminton England chief executive Adrian Christy says he was "staggered" by the decision to remove the sport's funding.Badminton, which was set a target of winning a medal in Rio, is the only sport that earned a podium place in the summer to have its funding removed.Basketball had its funding withdrawn in 2014 - and handball and volleyball lost theirs in 2012 - but say a UK Sport review last year to build "performance pathways for future success" was supposed to be aimed at such sports.
Chapecoense crash: Bolivian woman says she had warned plane had barely enough fuel to reach Colombia. A woman who was part of the air traffic control team that crashed a plane carrying a football team to Colombia, killing 71 people, has said she had no authority to stop the doomed flight, saying that was with Bolivia's civil aviation agency.
The Scottish government said it would be more efficient for these duties to be integrated into Scotland's national police force.However the senior police officers told MSPs at a Scottish parliament committee session in November that potential issues were "not insurmountable".
The woman, named in floral tributes as Kelly, was arrested on suspicion of assault in Darwen on Saturday and taken to Greenbank police station
The brothers were sentenced to five years' detention in 2010 and granted anonymity until the age of 18.The High Court has now given them lifelong anonymity on the grounds they would be "at serious risk of attack".
Jack Mudd, 19, who planned to go to a US university to continue his golfing career, died in the crash.
Prison Link Cymru, which helps people find accommodation after their release, said things were generally good for women because issues such as children or domestic violence were now considered.However, the same could not be said for men, the charity said, because issues which often affect them, such as post traumatic stress disorder or drug dependency, were often viewed as less of a priority.Andrew Stevens, who works in Welsh prisons trying to secure housing for prison leavers, said the need for accommodation was "chronic"."There's a desperate need for it, finding suitable accommodation for those leaving prison there is just a lack of it everywhere
Rupert Murdoch has sought to take full control of Sky for many years.In June 2010, his company, News Corporation - from which 21st Century Fox was subsequently split off - made a 700p-a-share offer that valued Sky at about.
Michael Gove says he regretted standing for the Tory leadership. Former justice secretary says he made "mistakes" in the way he withdrew his support from Boris Johnson.Michael Gove has said he regrets his decision to back Leave in the EU referendum, saying he made'mistakes'. Former Tory justice secretary said he regretted the way in which he stood for the leadership.
A weaker pound makes UK-produced goods cheaper in overseas markets.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has praised Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau during a state dinner at the White House.
Michael Smith (Portsmouth) header from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal.Conceded by Matthew Bates.Foul by Nicky Featherstone (Hartlepool United).Foul,  Portsmouth.Concessions,  Hartlepool 0, Portsmouth 0.Fouls,   Portsmouth 0,  Ross Barkley 0. Fouls, Portsmouth  0, Ross Barkley    Foul, Portsmouth. Conceded,  Pompey 0, Hartley United 0.Corner,  Portsmouth.Corverses, Portsmouth 1, Hart
Raith Rovers 0, Dundee United 0: Andreu denied from the spot by brilliant save from Kevin Cuthbert. Raith  Rovers    0,  Dundee   United 0   Raith's Andreu was denied a spot kick in the 86th minute as he was brought down in the penalty area by a foul by Scott Fraser.Conceded by Mark Durnan.Corner,   Dundee United.Raith   1-0   2-0 Dundee RoversRaith's  Andreu is shown the yellow card for a
At least 20 buildings were damaged in the derailment and explosion, spokesperson Nikolay Nikolov told Bulgaria's Nova television.
Adrian Gill, a columnist for The Sunday Times, has died at the age of 63.He was diagnosed with the "full English" of cancer in November.The Sunday Times said that Gill had been diagnosed with a rare form of breast cancer, which is a form of bone cancer.The newspaper said that he had been in hospital in London since last month and had been undergoing chemotherapy.The final column by Gill, about coming to terms with his diagnosis, will be featured in tomorrow's Sunday Times.In a statement sent to staff on Saturday, Mr Ivens said: "It is with profound sadness that I must
Birmingham's Scott Quigg wins his first fight since losing to Carl Frampton in February, and his first as a featherweight, outpointing Mexico's Jose Cayetano.The fight was part of a packed undercard as Britain's Anthony Joshua retained his IBF world heavyweight championship by knocking out American Eric Molina.In a thrilling light-heavyweight contest, Frank Buglioni stopped Hosea Burton in the 12th and final round to secure the British title.Manchester's Burton, 28, built an early lead behind his jab and some ramrod right hands, and the challenger's face was a bloody mess
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in Nigeria's Akwa Ibom state, officials say.The roof of the church caved in on worshippers who had gathered for the ordination of a bishop.
The death toll is expected to rise further.
A judge has ruled that it is in the best interests of three children that they should return home to their parents.The judge, who is based in the Family Division of the High Court, said he was also satisfied that the couple will meet their children's needs.He said evidence showed that being in the family home will be in their best interests.Details of the case have emerged in rulings published by Mr Justice Cobb following private family court hearings in Leeds.Mr Justice Cobb said he had been told how the couple had co-operated with social services after the children were taken into foster care.
As well as the African Player of the Year and Africa-based African.
President-elect Donald Trump says he does not need daily intelligence briefings from the US intelligence community. Donald Trump has dismissed reports that US intelligence agencies have concluded that Russian hackers tried to influence the US presidential election in his favour.The president-elect said he did not need to be told the same thing in the same way for eight years.He said it might have been Russia but it was impossible to know."They have no idea if it's Russia or China or somebody sitting in a bed some place."
Manchester United and Southampton both claimed narrow wins against Tottenham and Middlesbrough, before Liverpool and West Ham played out a thrilling draw.My team is at the top of this page. Why not pick your own from the shortlist selected by BBC Sport journalists, and share it with your friends?Pick your XI from our shortlist and share your friends.The save from Christian Eriksen's free-kick was first class but it wasn't my favourite. The save I thought was immense came in the first half when De Gea was confronted by every goalkeeper's nightmare as the Spain international suddenly couldn't see the ball.
Singapore and Malaysia regularly suffer from haze caused by slash-and-burn practices by small-scale farmers and rogue palm oil traders in Indonesia.Indonesia is often blamed for not doing enough to tackle the agriculture fires used to clear vegetation for palm oil, pulp and paper plantations in the Riau province in East Sumatra, […].
Donald Trump has said he will not be bound by China's "One China" policy unless it makes a deal with the US over the island of Taiwan, which China sees as a breakaway province.In a TV interview on Sunday, Mr Trump said he saw no reason why this should continue without key concessions.The comments come hot on the heels of Mr Trump taking a call from the Taiwanese president, who congratulated him on his election victory.It earned a rebuke from Beijing.China's hawkish Global Times tabloid dubbed Mr Trump "ignorant as a child".
Ibrahim Halawa has been detained in an Egyptian prison for more than three years.
The number of teachers employed across Scotland has risen for the first time in several years, with 51,000 employed in state schools in 2016.But in 12 local authorities the numbers fell, with the largest percentage drop in Moray, which has highlighted recruitment problems in the past.The ratio of pupils to teachers was maintained across Scotland but the average size of a class crept up slightly to 23.5 students.
Annika Sorenstam says there remains room for maturity in Madeleine Hull's game. The Swede is looking forward to captaining Europe for the first time when the continent seeks to wrestle back the Solheim Cup at Des Moines Golf and Country Club, Iowa, next August.Sorenstamp says there is still plenty of room for growth in the young Englishwoman's game, but there is every chance that Hull will be a member of the European side next year.The Swede, who won 90 tournaments worldwide including 10 majors, also discussed the prospects of another young British player, Bronte Law, who is
A man who tried to rob a Scotmid store in Glasgow's Easterhouse has been jailed after he was caught on CCTV trying to rob the shop.The High Court in Glasgow heard that Coyle's "very distinctive" hair could be seen on the footage.
A man was shot dead in the lobby of a hotel in Foyle, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland, on Saturday night.The victim was David Byrne, a leading member of the Kinahan criminal gang.The shooting took place in the early hours of Saturday morning at a hotel on the edge of the city centre.The gunman then leaned over the receptionist's desk and pointed the gun down at me.I screamed 'Don't shoot, don't shoot'. He than said something to me and left again," he recalled."I heard gunshots and saw two gunmen dressed up in police uniforms. One of them shot
A 38-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and remains in police custody.Police said they were not treating the attack as terrorism, but as a hate crime.Ambulance officials said the victim, who is in his 40s, was treated at the scene for a stab injury.
Scarlets have condemned Davies' "abusive language or actions".In a statement, the player said: "I would like to apologise to my team-mates, the fans, the Scarlets, my family and the rugby community."
The Communication Workers Union said the walkout would start on Monday 19 December and include Christmas Eve.It will involve thousands of workers from the Crown Post Offices.
The bodies of Ronald Kidd, 40, and Holly Alexander, 37, were discovered at a tenement in Rosefield Street, in the city's west end
Chicxulub Crater - The impact that changed life on Earth The discovery of an asteroid that smashed into Earth 66 million years ago could help explain why the dinosaurs went extinct, scientists say.The discovery of a nickel signature in the rocks of the crater that is now buried under ocean sediments in the Gulf of Mexico could lead to the discovery of asteroid material itself.It could be an important pointer to the origin of the asteroid that struck the planet.The impact is thought to have occurred at the end of the Cretaceous Period, at the beginning of the Paleozoic Period.The asteroid is believed to have
Andraya Lyons: Man charged with murder. A man has been charged with the murder of a mother-of-two in Swindon.
More minor disruption on the route between the Borders and Edinburgh was cleared by about 16:00
Wonder Woman - an Amazonian from the all-female paradise of Themyscira - masquerades as Diana Prince, whose occupations include an army nurse, until her services are called on by a society in peril.She first came to the public's attention in October 1941, and was most famously played by actress Lynda Carter in the hit US TV series that ran from 1975-79.
The hustle and bustle of Leadenhall Market was captured on Christmas eve in 1845, when it was a place to buy meat and poultry.The market, which began operating in the 14th Century, looks different these days following a redesign in 1881 when the stone structure was replaced with glass and wrought iron.The produce on sale has also changed. Today's Christmas shoppers are unlikely to find raw meat but instead gift shops, pubs, restaurants and the occasional film crew (it has been used as a location for several movies including the first Harry Potter film).
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says he wants to keep his squad together for the rest of the season. Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has said he is open to listening to offers for Manchester United players, including Bastian Schweinsteiger, Memphis Depay and Bastian Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Jose Mourinho is ready to listen to offers to keep Manchester United's squad together until the end of the Premier League season, according to sources at Old Trafford.Manchester United are six points behind leaders Chelsea and six points adrift of the top four to guarantee Champions League qualification.
Jonathan Bell had been removed from office by the DUP as part of the rolling resignation scheme in response to a Stormont crisis.The crisis was sparked in September 2015.It centred around allegations that IRA members had murdered Kevin McGuigan.The DUP responded by saying it could not be business as usual at Stormont.Two days earlier a reduced tariff system for the Executive's RHI scheme was announced.But the ten week period before it could be introduced saw a now infamous spike in applications - when DUP ministers were away from their desks for all but a few hours a week.By which time applications for the scheme had rocketed
Gary Green, 51, of Bradburn Road, Wakefield, reversed the vehicle into him at Swithens Farm, Rothwell, near Leeds, in August 2013
A toxic mix of higher inflation, stagnant wage growth and falling consumer confidence means that 2017 and 2018 could see that economy in dark and chilly waters, and not working for many people.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to seek committee agreement to publish the Whitesands project as a flood protection and regeneration scheme.
Police were informed of his death just after 12:00 GMT on Tuesday
Rushall Town sign defender Jean-Yves Koue Niate and midfielder Donnell Benjamin.
Stourbridge 1-0 Northampton Town. Northampton boss Paul Hackett says his side are "embarrassed" after beating League One side StOURBRIDGE to reach the FA Cup third round for the first time in five years. Northamptonshire Town manager Gary Hackett admits his side were embarrassed by their FA Cup exit at home to League One club Stourbridges.Stourbridge had gone out in round two in three of the previous five seasons.
The Lion King has been added to the National Film Library of America's collection of preserved films.The original animation was released in 1994 and later adapted for the stage.
Georgina Symonds enjoyed the trappings of being with millionaire Peter Morgan - spa days, exclusive luxury hotel stays, a BMW and a Range Rover.He housed her rent-free in a bungalow in the vast grounds of the castle in Llanmartin, Newport, south Wales, he owned and gave her cash-in-hand to pay the bills, as well as paying for her to have full-body liposuction.Morgan, from a prominent and wealthy Welsh farming family, was infatuated with and hoped to build a future with the dancer he called "George", the woman for whom he left his wife
"According to those of us inside the capsule, it did help in soothing our emotions. But further detailed statistical analysis is needed before we reach a specific conclusion."
Wales' Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been criticised by the developer of a £1.3bn Swansea tidal lagoon project after it published "unrealistic and grossly misleading" impact figures on fish.Earlier this month, NRW estimated the lagoon would mean 21% of salmon and 25% of sea trout dying each year, as they migrate to and from local rivers.
The Welsh Assembly Office (WAO) has called for the introduction of an electronic prescribing system in Welsh hospitals.The scheme must be in place by 2023, but the WAO wants it brought in sooner.It said a detailed, time-bound plan for implementation should be outlined.
The woman, who has not been named, told investigators "she thought she was going to die".
Jack Beales, 93, of Rhyl, carried out the attacks while she was a young girl, mainly when he was in his 70s.He denied five charges of rape and six other sexual offences but was unanimously convicted by the jury at Mold Crown Court on 9 December.
The Lord Chief Justice has called on the British government to provide funding for the legacy inquests to be heard within five years.He said a failure to do so could frustrate the rule of law.There are 56 so-called legacy enquests involving 98 deaths.Earlier this year, the LCJ announced a plan he said would result in all of those inquests being heard within.
US scientists are rushing to copy information onto servers outside the control of the federal government.They are afraid the Trump administration will curb access to climate and other research.The President-elect has blown hot and cold on the issue of climate change, having previously tweeted about global warming being a hoax.On Wednesday, one of his advisers compared scientists who support the mainstream view on global warming to flat-Earthers.
Bradley Lowery, from Blackhall Colliery near Hartlepool, was diagnosed with neuroblastoma in 2013
The US Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate to a range of 0.5% to 0.75% for the first time in nearly a decade.The central bank said it expected the economy to need only "gradual" increases in the short term.However, the new Donald Trump administration could mean rates having to rise at a faster pace next year, she signalled at a news conference after the announcement.The president-elect has promised policies to boost growth through tax cuts, spending and deregulation.The Fed also published its economic forecasts for the next three years.These suggest that the Federal Funds rate may rise to 1
World Snooker: Neil Robertson and Judd Trump win Home Nations Series event in Scotland. Neil Robertson wins the latest event in the Home Nations series in Scotland, while Judd Trump defeats Fergal O'Brien.
The team is processing satellite images to show how rocks in a belt that stretches from Europe's Alps to China are slowly accumulating strain.The new maps are being made available to help researchers produce more robust assessments of seismic hazard.Movements on the scale of just millimetres per year are being sought.To be really effective, the team's maps need to be sensitive to movements of about 1mm per year over 100km.The kind of change they are trying to chart is not noticeable in the everyday human sense, but over time will put faults under such pressure that they eventually rupture - often with catastrophic consequences.And that
Australian police officer Mick Fett has redecorated his home to look like Darth Vader in a Star Wars costume. A police officer in Australia has transformed his home into a tribute to the original Star Wars film Rogue One by dressing up in a Darth Vader costume.The 39-year-old was born the year the first film in the series came out.Since the 1990s, he has amassed a vast collection of action figures, costumes and other merchandise.His collection fills the five-bedroom home he shares with his girlfriend and is estimated to be worth A$500,000 (Â£300,000; $
Jose Mourinho defends Marcos Rojo's two-footed lunge on Wilfried Zaha. Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says Marcos Roafa should have been sent off for his challenge on Crystal Palace's Wilfried zaha. Jose Mourinho has defended Marcos de Gea's challenge on Manchester United defender Marcos de La Rojo after the Argentine was sent off in the 2-1 win at Crystal Palace on Wednesday.
The Welsh Government has said it will consider a ban on letting agent fees in a ballot which will allow them to propose a bill to ban the fees.The charges have already been banned in Scotland, while the UK government is planning to consult on doing the same in England.But one letting agent said a ban could hit efforts to professionalise the sector.The Welsh Government said it was happy to consider how such legislation might work.A Welsh Government spokesman said: "We want to look at the evidence from Scotland and see wider consultation to ensure that a ban does not push rental costs up."The next scheduled ballot for backbench
Rivington Biscuits in Wigan to cut 99 jobs. The company, which makes Pink Panther wafers, will cut 99 of its 123 staff.
South Sudan: 'They are killing people, sleeping with wives, stealing. They are not shooting you, they are cutting you with a knife. Even small children can be beaten down'.
Detectives do not believe a third party was involved in the deaths.
The RSPCA said tests confirmed all of the cats near Victor Avenue, in Melton Mowbray, had ingested the toxic substance.
The evacuation of civilians, rebels and their families had been due to take place on Wednesday but an earlier ceasefire deal collapsed.Some 3,000 civilians and more than 40 wounded, including children, were brought out, the head of the ICRC in Syria, Marianne Gasser, said after two convoys left."No-one knows how many people are left in the east, and the evacuation could take days," she added.The evacuees are being transferred to rebel-held areas in neighbouring Idlib province.The buses left Aleppo via the road through the government-controlled south-western district of Ramousseh,
The mythical ruler's legendary court has been associated with locations throughout Wales, including Carmarthen, St David's, and Cardigan.Now a retired Bangor University professor has revealed what he believes to be the true location of Camelot.Prof Peter Field, a renowned expert in Arthurian literature, said: "It was quite by chance. I was looking at some maps, and suddenly all the ducks lined up."I believe I may have solved a 1,400-year-old mystery."Previous best guesses for the location of the round table include Caerleon in Newport, Somerset's Cadbury Castle, and T
Angus Carpenter, of Liverpool, who has played in the city centre for more than 30 years, denied three counts of fraud.
Test your news knowledge with our 12 days of Christmas news quizzes.
Theresa May has played down suggestions it could take ten years to reach a trade deal with the EU, saying she would like to see the issue resolved as soon as possible.The question of what will happen to the estimated 2.9 million citizens of other EU countries who have made their home in the UK in recent years is one of the most controversial arising from the UK's vote to leave the EU in June's referendum.The prime minister was in Brussels on Thursday for a European Council meeting.She left the summit without answering any questions on Brexit but Irish PM Enda Kenny told reporters that she had given an update on the Supreme
Real Madrid 4, Kashima Antlers 2. Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick in extra time to help Real Madrid reach the Club World Cup final with a 4-2 win over Kashima in Yokohama. Cristiano  Ronaldo scored the opening goal of extra time as Real Madrid beat Kashima 3-2 to reach the final of the 2015-16 World Cup in Japan.Ronaldo levelled from the penalty spot on the hour mark after Lucas Vazquez was fouled by Shuto Yamamoto.Real took the lead in the ninth minute through Karim Benzema, but Gaku Shibasaki scored
The evacuations are part of a deal between the Syrian government and rebel forces to evacuate some 50,000 people trapped inside rebel-held areas in the western part of the city of Aleppo, the UN says.More than 70,000 civilians have also fled on foot to government-controlled areas since mid-November, when government forces stepped up their assault.The UN said on Tuesday that its aid partners had counted 19,000 evacuees arriving in Idlib province, a rebel stronghold.As many as 25,000 others could be waiting to leave in freezing conditions.Most of the province is controlled by a powerful rebel alliance
"I am not championing a cause for women. I am only standing in my space and if my space is encroached upon, I have to fight back."Rosa Parks wasn't an activist; she just decided to sit in her space and not give up her space anybody in a bus. And that sent a message."
Crickhowell High School approached Powys council offering to manage the town's library.
Jonathan Baines, 44, also known as "Willy", was found dead at a house on Ropery Road, Gainsborough, on 1 August
ConnConnacht led 2-3 to 0-3 before Aidan Breen replied with an Ulster goal.Damien Comer hit a third Connacht goal as they led 3-6 to 1-10 at half-time before Ulster took control.
The fire started at about 10:00 in the complex on Walter Hay Court in Rosyth, which contains about 30 retirement bungalows.
German Shepherd Finn was injured early one October morning while protecting his handler
Thames Valley Police caught 12 drivers on the A34 and M40 using phones on a single day during the operation.
Police said the last thing the man remembered was leaving a bar in Manchester city centre at 01:00 GMT
In 2015, 48.1% of free school meals pupils got a C or more, compared with 72.3% of pupils not eligible for the meals.
Middlesex's Adam Simpson is one of the finest cricketers in the country. Middlesex all-rounder Adam Simpson has been named in the side which won the County Championship title in 2016.
Now it's 2017 is and there's plenty going on to look forward to!
The House of Lords European Union Committee has released a report that looks at the risks and opportunities for the UK industry.
Cardiff and Vale University Health Board confirmed it had shut the mental health wards to prevent further spread of the virus
"What a fantastic achievement to have led a school so well for so long."
Sunderland striker Christian Kirchhoff is out for the season with a cruciate knee ligament injury.
Bradford Bulls said in a statement "it had not been possible to complete the due diligence in the time available"Joint administrator Gary Pettit asked fans to "remain patient".He added: "My legal team and my colleagues will continue to work hard over the weekend to give every prospect of success
Badminton: South Africa beat Indonesia in mixed doubles final. South Africa's Kirsty Williams and Kirsty Moore beat Indonesian pair Praveen Jordan and Debby Susanto to reach the final of the mixed doubles event at Wimbledon.
England cricket: England selector James Whitaker says the series is "a platform for players to make an impression".
The Wainwright Society was formed to keep alive the things he promoted through his guidebooks.
Eight year-old Phoebe Hanson wrote to BBC Radio 4's PM saying she worried how the "bongs" would be replaced while Big Ben is being repaired next year.
A Facebook page set up as part of efforts to find him said he had been found on Saturday
Five things you might have missed in the EFL on the last full match day before the festive season. BBC Sport takes a look at five things you may have missed on the final full EFL match day of the season.
Brechin City moved above Alloa Athletic and to within a point of second place by beating Stranraer, with the Wasps drawing with Queen's Park.East Fife won Barry Smith's first match in charge against Peterhead and bottom side Stenhousemuir beat Albion Rovers.
Edinburgh City extended their unbeaten league run to seven matches with a 0-0 draw at Clyde's Broadwood Stadium.Montrose won 2-1 away to Berwick Rangers, while Stirling Albion beat Annan Athletic.
Prince Harry says he used to "bury his head in the sand" but now views life "very, very differently". Prince Harry has spoken about his charity work in Lesotho, where he co-founded the Sentebale charity with Prince Seeiso.
Police said the man was arrested after a 54-year-old man died at St John's Hospital in Livingston.
Reading Borough Council had said it would need to spend Â£700,000 to bring the Arthur Hill Memorial Baths up to standard.
The man, in his 40s, was arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun
Celtic's Tom Commons says he will stay at Easter Road End of the season. Celtic midfielder Tom Commons is contracted to the Scottish champions until the end of June and will not be drawn on the possibility of extending his loan spell at Hibs. Celtic playmaker Tom Commons has said he will remain at the club for the remainder of the current season and is not interested in leaving the club.
Three men armed with a knife, hammer and batons forced their way into the property just before midnight on Saturday.
Brentford 2, Cardiff City 2.Sullay Kaikai (Brentford) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner.Goal!  Brentford 1,  Cardiff City 1.Second Half ends, Brentford    2,   Cardiff  City   1.Saul Niguez (Cardiff City) header from outside the box is saved by Brian Murphy.Corner, Cardiff   City 1   Bristol City  2. Sullay   Kaikuai   (B Brentford) header   from the right wing to the
Grimsby Town 2, Accrington Stanley 0: Marcus Bignot's Mariners win at home. Grrimsby Town beat Accrington 2-0 at home to earn a second-half win at the Stadium of Light on Saturday, as Tom Bolarinwa scored the opening goal of the game and Omar Bogle added a second in the second half to seal the Mariners' victory over Accrington.Grimsaby came out well for the restart and went close to pulling level, but John O'Sullivan's strike clipping the side-netting and substitute Shay McCartan forcing Henderson to kick away
Kamal C Chavara was detained by the police in Kerala state on Sunday after the youth wing of the Hindu nationalist BJP lodged a complaint against him.
The animal, nicknamed Menai, was discovered at Tan-y-Foel close to Anglesey Sea Zoo a month ago
Burkina Faso coach Oscar Duarte has named his squad for the opening day of the Nations Cup finals on 14 January.
Many people are changing the way they connect to Tor to avoid the block.Activists said the block moved Turkey's net censorship policies from "moderate" to "severe".
Why are there so many homeless people in Birmingham? prompted many questions on how you can help those sleeping on the streets.Our feature on Birmingham's homeless got many people asking what they could do to help rough sleepers.Here are five practical ways you can make a difference.
Juventus news: Andrea Belotti linked with Chelsea reunion with Antonio Conte at Chelsea.
Gabor, who has died at the age of 99, seemed to live by.With nine nuptials, she was the celebrity world's most prolific knot-tier.Gabor's first marriage in 1937 was to Turkish politician Burhan Asaf Belge - but she later claimed to have had an affair with then president of Turkey, Kemal Ataturk, while married to Belge.She moved to the US and they divorced in 1941. She then met and married hotel magnate Conrad Hilton Senior in 1942 and the union produced Gabor's only child, Francesca.Her second marriage was to director Or
Katie Hopkins wrongly said the family had links to al-Qaeda in two articles published in December 2015.Hopkins's article from 23 December said "you can't blame America for not letting this lot travel to Disneyland - I wouldn't either".Mail Online has now removed the story from its website, which claimed Mohammed Tariq Mahmood and his brother, Mohammed Zahid Mahmood, were extremists and published an apology.The family of 11 had planned to holiday to Disneyland on 15 December 2015 but were stopped by US authorities at Gatwick Airport.But Hopkins, who gained fame as a candidate in The Apprentice BBC TV series in 2007,
Nad Nadia was born and raised in Croydon, south London, and is now a rising star in the UK hip-hop and grime scene. Alongside the likes of Little Simz and Lady Leshurr, she's part of a groundswell of female voices in the male-dominated world of UK. Nadia had no idea what she was going to do with her life until she started writing lyrics in her spare time. Her breakthrough video, Station, was shot, without permission, at a local railway station, with Nadia dancing nonchalantly on the tracks as a train pulled in.
Alan Knight, 51, admitted murdering David Bond, 50, in Worthing and was sentenced at Hove Crown Court to serve at least 19 years.
Storm Barbara could see winds gusting to 90mph over western and northern parts of Scotland.
The boys of the township were carrying out the traditional ritual of going from house to house on this special evening. It is widely thought that some of these island traditions came from the Vikings who were settlers in the Western Isles in particular, during past times.This traditional event, which happened in the Uists throughout the centuries, was also practised in many other places, but with differences in format depending on where you lived.On these nights it was the young males that went round the township with permission given to boys as young as five to go out with the big boys. The upper age limit was normally 17.My township
BBC presenter lent his support to a community group's aim to take over the management of the pier and trainIts current operator said numbers using the ferry
A survey carried out for the Local Government Association (LGA) by estate agents Savills showed that just 20% of those aged 25 own their own property, compared with 46% two decades ago.
The Royal National College for the Blind in Hereford was the best for me. It is an institution aimed not only at academia, but also towards developing a person who can function as independently as possible in their own community.They focused on mobility, daily living skills, social skills and academic qualifications.They even taught me Braille which, for an 18-year-old, was far too late - I should have been taught how to use this from the age of five!It was the lack of support from a peer group which I missed throughout my primary and secondary education.Finding out about the world with other visually impaired people
Alastair Cook's future as England captain is in doubt after final-Test defeat in Chennai. England's final Test defeat by India in Chennai was gut-wrenching, writes Jonathan Agnew. It is only natural that both Cook and the powers that be in English cricket may be thinking differently about his future as captain than they were at the start of the match. It was a terrible day for England's cricket team in Chennai, but it was not their fault that they lost the final Test by an innings and 75 runs. It was not the captain's fault that England lost in that way. But it was
The Arts Council of Northern Ireland was the main funding body for the arts in Northern Ireland in 2016.In 2016, the Arts Council received a record amount of funding from the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure (DCAL) and the Department for Communities (DfC) under a new minister, the DUP's Paul Givan.The new department subsequently cut their grant to the arts by Â£500,000 in July.As a result, the arts suffered a financial crisis in 2016, with the arts council facing cuts of more than £1.5 million in funding.The Arts Council was the
Tor Torquay United have agreed a deal to buy the club from a property developer.The deal ends months of speculation about the future of the Gulls, who were facing financial difficulties.However, Phillips said Torquay had been close to going into administration and added: "This deal had to be done."All of the other people that were supposedly in the background, I've spoken to Chinese, Hong Kong and American, we asked them to to put some money in to save the club and it was never forthcoming."Nobody from the new owners was at Plainmoor to talk about the deal."I would like to
US star Alex Morgan to join Lyon on loan from Orlando Pride. Alex Morgan has signed for Lyon on a season-long loan from NWSL side Orlando Pride.
Oxford Oxfordshire County Council has agreed to continue the policy when the centre reopens because of the predicted increase in pedestriansThe closure has also been blamed for increasing pressure on other city centre roadsWhen the shopping centre is finished next year there are expected to be 11 million more people using itCouncil officers have estimated the number of pedestrians using the road will increase by 145% from 4,000 per hour up to 9,800 per hourThey have also calculated that at present, 48 buses per hour use the road.The "experimental traffic order" still has to be signed off by the government
Pope Francis has granted Spanish Monsignor Lucio Vallejo Balda a Christmas-time clemency after he served half of his 18-month sentence, the Vatican said.
Turkey and Russia have been profoundly shaken by the murder of a seasoned diplomat who colleagues describe as softly-spoken and professional.And yet it has not prompted a new crisis in bilateral relations as some feared.Instead, Presidents Erdogan and Putin have used the same language, calling it "a provocation" aimed at derailing ties and vowing that it would not succeed.In fact it could, conversely, bring together Russia and Turkey against the common enemy of terror, encouraging greater co-operation between two countries that have always had a tricky relationship.The Russo-Turkish wars spanned four centuries. And a hundred years since their last
Michele Morgan was a French actress who starred in films such as Quai des Brumes (Port of Shadows) and Passage to Marseille.
A long-running legal battle ensued when Gareth Lee sued after his order was declined at the company's Belfast city centre shop in May 2014.Mr Larkin sought to refer the verdict against Ashers bakery to the UK's highest court under devolution issues.
Bailey Wright has made 20 appearances in all competitions so far this season.
Notts Outlaws sign Dan Christian for T20 World Cup. Christian will be one of their two overseas players for the competition in 2017.
Former football player Mark Woodward says he has been waiting five weeks to provide his statement to police after being sexually abused as a boy at Crewe. Former Crewe Alexandra footballer Mark Woodward has said he is still waiting for police to visit him to give him a statement after being accused of sexually abusing him as a child.Woodward said he gave police further information five weeks ago, but has "still not provided statements despite my continual requests to do so".He later told BBC Sport that police had now said they would visit him next week - but called the delay "shocking".
Prince Charles urged people to remember the story of the Nativity this Christmas, which was about "the fleeing of the Holy Family to escape violent persecution".He asked listeners to remember that the Prophet Mohammed migrated from Mecca to Medina because he was "seeking the freedom for himself and his followers to worship".
Spencer Wilding, who hails from Rhyl, was the guest of honour at a special screening of Rogue One.He had to muster all powers of the force to keep his Vader role secret until the film's release.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's production is based on Roald Dahl's popular children's novel
In 2014 England and Wales did indeed have the highest incarceration rate in Western Europe, marginally ahead of Scotland, according to Eurostat figures for 2014. In 2014, the prison population in England was about 85,000, with 146 prisoners per 100,000 population.
Aquascutum started as a Mayfair tailors in 1851, rising to prominence after its founder, John Emary, patented the first waterproof textile.
At the close the Dow was 0.1% lower at 19,918, the broader S&amp;P 500 was down 0.2% at 2,260 and the Nasdaq.
The traditional turkey meals are for patients, but tens of thousands of staff working on the big day will tuck.
Cornwall to get £19.1m of £60m housing fund. Cornwall is to receive £19,125,110. This will be split between 25 local authorities in Devon, Cornwall and Gloucestershire.
Germany's biggest post-war evacuation for an unexploded bomb. A German city will be evacuated on Sunday after a British bomb was found during construction work in Augsburg. A British bomb has been found in the German city of Augsburg and is expected to take most of the day to defuse.
Cardiff beat Belfast City 2-1 on Saturday at the same venue.
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock says Cardiff City defender Jazz Richards will return to training before the Boxing Day trip to Brentford.
Tor Torquay United manager Mark Nicholson has said he is unsure what the future holds for the club.
Mexico fireworks market fire kills 35. Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto says he has made a commitment to help 300 artisans who had stalls at the San Pablito fireworks market in the city of Tultepec.
But much of India's milk is collected from small farms across the country, and by the time it reaches consumers it's impure and old.
Police Scotland said officers briefly gave chase when the vehicle failed to stop for them in Crown Street, but they gave up their pursuit for safety reasons
Part of a school roof was ripped off at Rhosgadfan near Caernarfon, Gwynedd.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes will perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
UK economy grew faster than estimated in the third quarter.
Conwy Falls hydro power station plans, in Conwy Valley, could provide more than 3,200 households with power.
Devon and Cornwall Police said it was believed he was assaulted in nearby Exmouth Road.More on this and the latest on what's happening in Devon here
Brentford news: Tom Williams commits to Brentford.
Leicester Speedway have agreed a deal to keep the club going for the 2017 season.
Three striking primary school cleaners from Kinsley have been sacked just days before Christmas, it has been reported.The women were reportedly dismissed by C&D Cleaning on Monday.C&D have been approached for comment but confirmed to the Guardian the trio had had their employment terminated.Labour MP for Hemsworth Jon Trickett said:.
We lost turkeys, ducks, chickens, pigs in blankets, cash and four charity boxes."
The motorway has been closed in both directions, which has caused long traffic tailbacks.
Zachary Barker, nine, died in hospital after the collision in Spring Gardens, Leek, in Staffordshire, last Saturday.
Dunelm House was built in the 1960s and although fans believe it to be a prime example of the architecture, it has not been given listed status.
Barnsley 2, Birmingham City 2: Tom Bradshaw slotted home to put Reds in front. Birmingham City boss Gianfranco Zola reacts after his side's 2-2 draw with BarnsLEY. Birmingham manager Gianfrano Zola says his side were "really pleased with the way the players reacted" in the second half as they came from behind to beat the Reds at the John Smith's Stadium.Birmingham City boss Giampiero Ventura says his players were "very pleased" with how they reacted to the dismissal of Marc Roberts and Lukas Jutkiewicz in the first half. Birmingham
Plymouth Argyle 2, Crawley Town 0: James Collins (Crawley Town) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.Josh Yorwerth (PlymouthArgyle) left footed free kick from the right wing is saved by Luke McCormick.Josh Yann Songo'o (Plysmouth Argyles) left handed shot in the box to the top left corner.Attempt saved.Luke McCormick (plymouth) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.James Collins (crawleyTown) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Foul by Jake Jervis
Carrie Fisher, 60, who played Princess Leia in Star Wars, was taken ill on a flight from London to LA on Friday.Passengers attempted to revive her with CPR and she was taken to hospital when the plane landed.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has instructed the Foreign Ministry to complete a review of all contacts with the United Nations, including the Israeli funding of UN institutions and the presence of UN representatives in Israel.The move comes after the Security Council adopted a resolution demanding an end to Israeli settlement building on occupied land.The resolution was passed after the US refused to veto it, breaking with long-standing American practice.
Status Quo guitarist Rick Parfitt has died at the age of 69 after suffering a heart attack in Spain.The band's manager Simon Porter said he had been admitted to hospital in Marbella at lunchtime on Saturday.He added: "I really think that we all thought that Rick was invincible, given his numerous and astounding recoveries from situations which would certainly have killed the average human being."Indeed, early this morning when I initially heard the news that he had taken a serious turn, my mind instantly thought that he would come around by Boxing Day..."Quo fans should know and take comfort in the fact that his
Forest Green Rovers 2, Torquay United 3.  Forest Green ROVERS 2, TORQUAY UNITED 3.First Half ends, Forest Green ROVERS 2, Torquay United 3.Own Goal by Ethan Pinnock, Forest Green Rovers.Second Half begins Forest Green  Rovers 1, TorQUAY United 1.  First Half ends Forest Green 0, Torquetay United 0.  Second Half begins.  Third Half begins, Forest Green Rovers 3, Tortay United 4.  Fourth Half begins First Half begins Second Half ends First
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop at the scene of a crash and perverting the course of justice.
Azhar Ali celebrates his 110-ball half-century at the MCG.
West Ham owner David Sullivan and chairman David Gold are considering a £200m offer for the club.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will visit Pearl Harbor on Tuesday, marking the 75th anniversary of the attack that killed 2,300 US servicemen and propelled the US into World War Two.Japanese aircraft attacked the US Naval Base in Hawaii at 07:552,403 US personnel were killed in the attack, which lasted for one hour and 15 minutes.
Belfast are at home to Manchester Storm on Wednesday evening as the busy festive period continues.
Mandatory voter ID will be introduced at local elections in 2018, the government has announced.The move follows a report by the Electoral Commission which found the postal ballot system was vulnerable to fraud.The government said it would "ensure the integrity" of the electoral system.But campaigners said levels of fraud did not justify the move and one Labour MP said it was "more about combating low income voting" than tackling fraud.
A man has been injured by accident on "soft ground" near Okehampton in Devon, police said.
Oil prices increased ahead of a deal to cut production.
A man has been rescued from the sea after he was found in the water in Bangor, Wales, in the early hours of Sunday morning.The man, who was in his 20s, was rescued by a volunteer crew from Bangor RNLI.The lifeboat's operations manager said medical personnel told him the man could have died if he had remained in the sea for another five minutes.Another crew member, Johnny Gedge, entered and helped the man, only just conscious, until he could be lifted on board.Mr Gillespie said: "Our extensive training in casualty care is invaluable at a time like this."
Gian Gianni Infantino has outlined his vision for a 48-team World Cup.The top two teams in each group would progress to the knockout rounds.A decision will be made in January but any change to the 32-team format is unlikely to come in before 2026.Infantino, 46, made expansion part of his election manifesto.We have to be more inclusive," he said at a sports conference in Dubai. "If we can have a format that does not add any additional matches but brings so much joy to those who don't have the chance to participate then we will have to think about that."
The Church in Wales announced the move ahead of the consecration of the first woman bishop, Canon Joanna Penberthy, as Bishop of St Davids on 21 January.
The US State Department says it will not veto a UN Security Council resolution calling for an end to settlement construction in East Jerusalem.
Ospreys beat Scarlets 19-9 on Tuesday to maintain their winning run in the Pro12 and European competitions.Ospreys' Owen Owens says they need to look at themselves closely before facing Cardiff Blues on New Year's Day.
Security researchers have exposed flaws in the computer systems behind the airlines' travel bookings system that allow attackers to get at travellers' details.The security investigators presented their findings at the Chaos Communications Congress in Germany.The flaws can be exploited because the codes used to identify travellers and their itineraries use a restricted character set. This makes it possible to bombard servers with queries to find out a person's details.Given only passengers' last names, their bookings codes can be found over the internet with little effort.
Japanese advertising agency Dentsu has announced the resignation of its chief executive after a young woman jumped to her death because of overwork. Tadashi Ishii said he would tender his resignation at a January board meeting.
The four drove a vehicle into the compound in Karakax county, and set off explosives that killed one person and injured three others.
Dragons: Carl Meyer, Pat Howard, Tyler Morgan, Sam Beard, Ashton Hewitt, Angus O'Brien, Tavis Knoyle; Phil Price, Elliot Dee, Brok Harris, Nick Crosswell, Cory Hill, Lewis Evans (c), Ollie Griffiths, Ed Jackson.Replacements: Rhys Buckley, Sam Hobbs, Lloyd Fairbrother, Matthew Screech, Rynard Landman, Sarel Pretorius, Dorian Jones, Adam Warren.Ospreys: Sam Davies, Hanno Dirksen, Kieron Fonotia, Josh Matavesi, Dan Evans,
Carlos Tevez: Shanghai SIPG agree deal worth £40m for Manchester United striker. Carlos tevez signs for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua.
Swansea boss Alan Curtis says next manager should be British. Alan Curtis believes Swansea's next manager must be British and have experience of the Premier League.
In the group of those who will be standing in Africa in 2017 is Donald Trump.Yes, I know it's an act of treason to associate him with Africa. But when he's sworn in as president, his foreign policy (or tweetplomacy) will have a bearing on our continent.His critics warn that his isolationist stand might mean less attention will be paid to Africa.But it could just force Africans to find solutions from within, by strengthening our institutions, improving infrastructure, governance and security and trading more amongst ourselves.Another man who also takes office in January is Nana Akufo-Addo, the president
The Waking the Dragon tower was granted permission by Wrexham council back in February 2011.
Egypt are in Group D alongside Ghana, Mali and Uganda.Their opening match is against Mali on 17 January.Egypt will start preparations on 1 January and play a friendly match with Tunisia on 8 January in Cairo International Stadium.Cuper must cut four players to get his final 23-man squad for the tournament in Gabon, which will be played between 14 January and 5 February.
Liverpool City Council used a online budget simulator to ask residents about a proposed council tax rise of 5%, plus a further 6% to pay for social care.
German prosecutors have released a man they say was not a contact person of Anis Amri's, who killed 12 people by ramming a lorry into a Berlin Christmas market on 19 December. A man has been released by German prosecutors after they found his number on the phone of the man who hijacked a truck in Berlin and drove it into a crowded Christmas market, killing 12 people. The man was detained by police in Milan early last Friday, four days on from the attack.
Bradfordford, who were last in Super League back in 2014, entered administration on 14 November
Phil Taylor beats Kim Huybrechts to reach the quarter-finals of the World Darts Championship. Phil Taylor advances to the last eight of the world darts tournament with a 4-2 win over Kim Humboldt of Belgium to book a meeting with long-time rival Raymond van Barneveld in Friday's quarter-final.
Llandeilo residents have been demanding action for more than 40 years.
South Africa are on track for a third-straight series win over Sri Lanka.
Swansea want to appoint their new boss as soon as possible, with ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the first choice.Curtis - a former player who was at the club throughout their rise up the divisions - believes the Swans have not been the same since Michael Laudrup left in 2014.
Casey Affleck says he was "aware of the project for some time" and knew Matt Damon was working on it.The film is also nominated for best screenplay, best director, best motion picture drama, and his co-star Michelle Williams is up for best supporting actress.She plays Affleck's ex-wife, and confesses that she "burst into tears" when she got the role."I'd wanted to work with Kenny for so long," she says. "Casey and I had actually read for a play with him years ago. Just knowing that it was finally going to happen, that we were all going
Russia is fuming, in the words of BBC Moscow correspondent Steve Rosenberg, but US politicians have not minced their words either. Here is a taster of what's being said and shared.
Why there is a war in Syria and why the city of Aleppo is so important. There has been a war between the Syrian government and some rebel groups fighting against them.
A 41-year-old man was arrested in Waterford on Friday morning.
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock says he will not be rushed into a new contract to keep the midfielder.
The New York firm told the BBC that the vulnerability had since been fixed.But a security researcher said he had previously warned the firm about security weaknesses.Topps declined to say how many people were affected or why the payment card numbers were at risk.In an email to customers Topps wrote that on 12 October "one or more intruders gained unauthorised access" to its systems."They may have gained access to names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, credit or debit card numbers, card expiration dates and card verification numbers for customers [who made purchases] between approximately 30 July 2016 and 12 October 2016,"
In the last decade alone they've bought up Pixar, Marvel and Lucas Films which owned The Star Wars empire
A warning has been issued to Israelis travelling to India for New Year's Eve, warning them to stay away from crowded areas like beach parties, clubs, and markets. A statement from the Counter-Terrorism Bureau urged particular caution in the south-west of India. It did not say what had prompted the warning.
Vale Vale Park: Andy Smith, goalkeeping coach Marco Tabuas and fitness coach Maykel Moreira leave. Vale Park have announced the departure of manager Fernando Ribeiro.
Saints captain Anderson claims he was punched by Kiernan during the 1-1 draw between the sides.
Fulham boss Slavisa Jokanovic insists Martin will stay at Craven Cottage. Fulham manager Slavisa "I'm not going to send him back to Derby - he's going to stay with us."
Birmingham City 1, Newcastle United 1: Daryl Murphy puts Magpies ahead. Daryl Murphy scores his first goal for Newcastle in their FA Cup third-round replay against Birmingham City. Lukas Jutkiewicz scores his second goal for the club in their past six FA Cup ties as Newcastle beat Birmingham 1-1 at St James' Park.
Barnet 3-2 Leyton Orient: Ricardo Santos brace seals Barnet victory. Ricardo Santos scored a brace to help Barnet to a 2-1 victory over Leyton in the FA Cup third round tie at Brisbane Road. Ricardo  Santos scored two goals to help the Bees to a 3-1 home victory over the O's in the Football League Cup on Saturday. Ricardo Santos (Barnet) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked by Ollie Palmer (Leyton Orient).Ricardo Santos wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Nigel Atangana (
Thousands of people gather in Edinburgh, in Scotland, every year for a big parade, food and fireworks.They are celebrating Hogmanay - which is a Scottish word that means 'new year'.
Mansfield Town have reached an agreement to sign ex-Burton Town striker Mark Hughes on a free transfer.
The round £1 will be legal tender alongside the new, more-secure coin until 15 October.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says Anthony Martial should follow the example of Henrikh Mkhitaryan. Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has said Anthony Martial has to listen to him and not his agent.
Son Heung-Min (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre by the Aston Villa goalkeeper. Assisted by Moussa Sissoko.Hand ball by Aaron Tshibola (Aston Villa).Attempt blocked.Conceded by Sam Johnstone.Foul by Georges-Kévin Nkoudou.Offside, Tottenham Hotspur.Harry Eriksen tries a through ball, but Harry Kane is caught offside.Tottenham win a free kick on the right wing.Toby Alderweireld tries a cross, but
More than 1,000 hours of planning goes into delivering the Midnight Moment at Edinburgh's Hogmanay Street Party, widely regarded as the UK's most intense six minutes of fireworks.Nearly 10 tonnes of equipment were used, filling three lorries and five vans.A team of more than 25 people from Titanium Fireworks, Unique Events and Historic Scotland worked into the night to clear, in eight hours, what took five days to set up.All the empty cardboard tubes will be recycled - enough to fill three large skips - as well as a metre square crate with igniter wire.The Edinburgh celebrations claim to be the UK
The Queen did not attend the Christmas Day service at her Norfolk estate, the first time she has missed the service in many years.The New Year's Day service was led by the Bishop of Norwich.Princess Anne spoke to well-wishers outside the church after attending the service with her father Prince Philip, brother Prince Edward and other royals.Buckingham Palace said the Queen is "still recuperating" from a heavy cold.Missing church was a.
Southern rail strike: RMT union begins 72-hour walkout. Southern Rail is in dispute with both the RMT and Aslef unions.
Lagavulin is launching a single cask edition of 522 bottles of its single malt to raise funds for local projects.
Richard Cockerill: Leicester Tigers sack head coach. Leicester Tigers have announced the departure of head coach and director of rugby Richard Cockerill, who has spent 23 of the last 25 years of his career with the club. Tigers have sacked head coach of the Premiership club Richard Cockrill after the club's board of directors made a decision to make a change in their coaching structure. Leicester have confirmed the departure from the club of Richard Cockingill after he was sacked from his role as head coach.
Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery issued an order to all troops to cease fire at 0800 hrs on 5 May 1945.
Arlene Foster has resisted both calls to step aside and calls to resign over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Sunderland 2-2 Liverpool. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he "does not know exactly what I saw" during his side's draw at Sunderland.
Zaneta Krokova, 11, and Helina Kotlarova, 12, died after the crash on Ashton RoadA fifth man, aged 23, has been de-arrested, police saidGreater Manchester Police (GMP) said he was initially arrested for the same offence but was now assisting police with enquiries
Hywel Dda director of operations Joe Teape said all hospitals were full following a busy bank holiday weekend
A man has died after a car hit two brick walls and ended up across the gardens in Walsall.
Jerseyis pushing for top four, we want top four," the ex-Nottingham, Worcester and Plymouth Albion centre said."We want to do really well in the British and Irish
Royal Mail predicts that on what it calls Take-back Tuesday there will be a rise of more than 50% in returns against December's daily average.
Welsh Labour vice-chair Mike Payne said UK leader Jeremy Corbyn had "failed to make the impact" allies predicted, but Carwyn Jones in Wales was trusted more.
A car has been hit and killed by a train at a level crossing near Lidlington, Bedfordshire, on the line between Bedford and Bletchley, Network Rail has said. A train has been struck and killed after a car came to be on the tracks near a railway crossing in Bedfordshire.The car had been hit by an eastbound train at Marston Road level crossing at 10:00 GMT.The driver of the car, believed to be middle-aged, was not being treated as suspicious "at present", a spokesman said.
Southampton's Jack Stephens: Saints will bounce back. Southampton midfielder Jack Stephens believes a change of form is on the cards after the Saints' 3-0 defeat at Everton.
Hong Kong's yellow crested cockatoo has become established as a self-sustaining population outside of its natural range, according to a new study.The study, led by researchers at the University of Hong Kong, found that the species was critically endangered in its native range in eastern Indonesia, but had become established in Hong Kong as a separate population in the city-state. The study found that a number of the birds had been released into the wild on Hong Kong island.
A man lodged a complaint with the Police Ombudsman's Office for NI after the incident last year.
John Swift (Reading) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left.Paul McShane (Fulham) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Foul by Tom Cairney.Fouls by Stefan Johansen.Faul by Chris Gunter (Reading).Scott Malone wins a free kick in the defensive half.Offside, Fulham.Paul Martin wins a header from outside the box, but Garath McCleary is caught offside.Paul Ream wins a corner, but Chris Martin is not able to control it.Paul Beerens wins a set piece
British Airways has said it will not extend the mandate of the strike ballot after Unite, the union representing cabin crew, rejected a new offer from the airline.The strike affects "mixed fleet" staff who joined after 2010 and account for 15% of the total cabin crew.The union said its members rejected the new offer by 7-1.
Motherwell boss Neil Naysmith says he is "lucky" to have Dom Thomas join Queens Park Rangers. Motherwell manager Neil O'Donoghue says the winger is "at the stage of his career where he needs to be playing every week".
Exeter Chiefs boss Rob Baxter says a "sacking culture" comparable to football is creeping into rugby union.
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was sentenced to five years for allegedly plotting to topple the government in Tehran.
Windsor Great Park's Long Walk is not suitable for winter training. Windsor, Slough, Eton and Hounslow Athletics Club normally use the park's famous Long Walk for training.
Anis Amri: German prosecutors say there is now no doubt he was behind the Berlin attack. A man suspected of being involved in the Berlin lorry attack has been arrested by police in Germany. A suspect is believed to have been involved in planning the attack in Berlin.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was attacked at a house in Bonnyrigg.
David Skeen, 51, was last seen going for a run in Talgarth, near Brecon, at 09:00 GMT on Tuesday
England are preparing for July's European Championship in the Netherlands.
An all-party group has called on the UK government to consider devolving some immigration control.That could involve Wales being able to set its own visas and migration quotas.Currently, there is no separate Welsh immigration policy.A number of recommendations have made by the All Party Parliamentary Group on Social Integration (APPGSI) report on how the UK's immigration system could promote better integration.It said speaking English was "the key to full participation in our society and economy".Group chairman Chuka Umunna MP said he wanted Wales to have a bigger say in developing immigration policies."Our priority is to build a consensus on what a
A man has been stabbed to death in London's east end, police have said.The man, who is a foreign national, was taken to hospital but his injuries are not believed to be life threatening.
West Hammers boss Slaven Bilic criticises Mike Dean's decision to send off Sofiane Feghouli.
Alpaca mauled by dog in New Forest field. An alpaca has been found to be "beyond recovery" after being attacked by a dog in a field in the New Forest.
Palliative care for cancer patients in Cwm Taf is currently provided at Pontypridd Cottage Hospital.
Yassar Yaqub, 28, from Huddersfield, was shot when police stopped a car near junction 24 of the M62 on Monday evening. Hundreds of mourners have gathered near the site of a fatal shooting by police in Bradford, where a man has been shot dead.Yassar's father said he felt his son was "killed unlawfully".He said: "He hasn't got a bad past, because he's never been convicted of anything."He's never had a charge of him at all. We had a car business, by the way, so all sorts of cars come and go."I
Bethany Hill had not died as a result of cutting herself - she had been brutally, brutally murdered Prosecutor Stephen Linehan "All of these things were lies. She [Woods] lied because she was one of the two people who took part in the killing and the other person was the defendant Jack Williams."
The group, who met on Wednesday, are against publication of their detailsThis is due to the negative publicity some businesses received after details of their biomass installations were made publicThe Economy Minister, Simon Hamilton, has plans which, he claims, could reduce a potential scheme overspend of hundreds of millions to "effectively zero".His officials have already written to boiler owners giving them until next Tuesday to agree to the publication of the names.In the letter, recipients were told the department was "minded to publish the names" in the "interests of openness and transparency".It is understood the group will represent only those who have signed up
Glasgow Warriors head coach Dave Blair says the squad is in a "reasonable position" and will be working hard to keep the players in Glasgow.Adam Ashe, Stuart Hogg and Henry Pyrgos have all committed to Warriors until 2019.However, fellow Scotland internationals Mark Bennett, Alex Dunbar, Tommy Seymour and Josh Strauss are out of contract this summer."It's really important," said Blair of the need to arrange new deals.It's difficult with the rugby contracts, you don't often get contracts longer than two years so it seems that every year there's half the squad who are pretty much out
China's Baidu has unveiled a smart speaker that uses artificial intelligence (AI) to answer questions, find local services, play music, make video calls and control smart home devices.
Joh Johanna Konta reaches the semi-finals of the Aegon International in Birmingham.
Storm Axel was also responsible for the arrival of several hundred thousand plastic eggs on the island of Langeoog
Northern Ireland's National Union of Teachers (NASUWTU) members are due to stage a half-day strike on 18 January.Members of the Ulster Teachers' Union (UTU) and Association of Teachers and Lecturers (ATL) have voted not to strike.
Laura Muir's 5K world record is expected to be ratified as a British record by British Athletics. Scottish 5K record holder Laura McColgan says it was a bonus that her record was beaten by a fellow Scot. Scottish runner Laura McColgan says she is "excited" to see her record-breaking 5K time confirmed as official by British athletics.McColgan said she felt excited to see the record broken by Muir after she had earlier raised concerns about whether it had met all the criteria set by UK Athletics for record-breakers.She had told BBC radio's John Beattie programme it
Royal Mail says it will not be able to afford the rising cost of its pension plan from 2018.Unite said it would consider strike action if Royal Mail does not "respond positively", and the CWU said "unagreed" changes.
Iwan Wyn Lewis had been sectioned at Ysbyty Gwynedd after allegedly assaulting his mother.
Ray BLK is the first unsigned artist to win the Sound of 2017 list, which has previously gone to Adele and Sam Smith.The singer, whose real name is Rita Ekwere, beat blues singer Rag N Bone Man to top the list, while third place went to pop star-in-waiting Raye.Raye's debut album My Hood entered the charts at number three, while Raye's second album Raye is at number four.The Sound of... list launched in 2003 and has a track record in championing new and innovative acts, including 50 Cent, Haim, Frank Ocean, Ellie
Boko Haram: Chibok girls 'denied family Christmas'. A 21-year-old Nigerian schoolgirl has been freed from captivity after being discovered by soldiers investigating suspected members of Islamist militant group Boko Haram, Nigeria's military has said. The 21 girls were released in October in a deal brokered by the International Red Cross.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey for insulting the president, her lawyer says.Ece Heper, 50, was arrested on 30 December in the north-eastern town of Kars.
Wawrinka beats Edmund to reach Chennai Open semi-finals. World number 45 Kyle Edmund was knocked out at the quarter-final stage of the Chennai Open in India on Friday after losing to Stan Wawrsinka in two hours 36 minutes.
Russia has carried out air strikes on anti-government rebels since 2015.Moscow's involvement is credited with turning the war in favour of its ally, Syrian President Bashar al-AssadRussia, along with Turkey and Iran, is now pushing for peace talks to be held later this month in the capital of Kazakhstan, AstanaRussia first launched air strikes in Syria in September 2015, saying they were targeting the fighters of so-called Islamic StateLast March, Russia announced it was withdrawing forces but continued air strikes.But Russia's military role continued and its air power remained decisive.Russia's stated intention is to build up its bases in Syria for the
Ant Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway has been criticised for being incorrect.The game features cards with a series of quiz questions, but some of the answers given are incorrect.One answer claims the moon is 225 miles away from the earth - instead of about 238,900 miles
Neil McEvoy's office has been the subject of two break-ins, one at home and one at his office.
Daniel Mould, 25, of Chester Terrace North, remains in police custody
Sw Swindale Beck, near Haweswater, was straightened to clear land for grazing, but the resultant faster flows washed gravel away, making it less easy for salmon and trout to spawn.
A teenager has been charged with murder after a man died from head injuries after he was punched and fell to the floor in Harlow in August.
This huge 2,000-year-old lump of butter was found in a bog near Drakerath in Ireland last year.It probably wouldn't fit inside your fridge - it weighs as much as 10 large bags of sugar.Conditions in bogs are good for preserving things so the butter is in a good state, even though it's so old.
Woman crushed under car as she crossed Princes Street. A woman has been left with serious injuries after a car crushed her under a pedestrian crossing a street in Edinburgh.
Birmingham Albion are willing to allow Scotland international Scott Caddis to leave on a free transfer.
A body has been found in a house in Glenfinnan Road in Dundee.
A woman has been found guilty of having a bomb in her flat.Tessa Banks, 33, denied making or knowingly having the device in a flat in Queen Street between November 2015 and March last year.A bomb disposal expert travelled from Edinburgh to make the device safe.
Gordon Thomson, 37, said he splashed two basins of water on Russell Findlay after the incident outside his home.He told the court that he heard a child screaming at about 08:30 and "it was more distressed than playful".He said he looked out of his window and saw his neighbour, Mr Findlay, wrestling with another man on the ground.The witness said: "I initially thought it was a burglary. I ran down the stairs and by the time I arrived there Russell was asking the gentleman certain questions."He said that lying nearby was a red Royal Mail jacket and delivery bag and a broken
Macclesfield Town 2, Dover Athletic 1.  First Half begins.First Half ends.First half begins.  First half ends.  Jamie Grimes (Dover Athletic) is shown the yellow card.Jamie Grimes (Macclesfield Athletic).First Half starts.  Dover Athletic 0, Macclesford Town 1.  Second Half begins Macclesfords Town 0, Dover Athletic 1.Second Half ends, Dover Athletics 1, Macclessfield Town 0.Second half begins Macclestsfield Town 1 Dover Athletic 2.  Midfielder Chris Holroyd celebrates after scoring the opening goal.
My investment with My Lupo didn't go through as some issues arose during due diligence. I still wish Raj all the best in the future.
Jordan Hill, Brittany Covington and Tesfaye Cooper are charged with hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery.
Swansea legend Alan Curtis steps down as first-team coach. Alan Curtis has stepped down as Swansea's loan player manager to take up a new role with the Premier League club.
Sheffield Wednesday 2, Huddersfield Town 0: Owls 2, Terriers 0. Ross Wallace (Sheffield Wednesday) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Callum McManaman.Foul by Elias Kachunga (Hertsfield Town).Tom Lees (Huddersford Town) wins a free kick on the left wing.Fouls by Liam Palmer (Sheavies Wednesday).Liam Palmer is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Nahki Wells (Hottersfield
It is the oldest church with this number of bells in the UK.
Sir Mo Farah struggles on Holyrood Park course. Two-time double Olympic champion Sir Farah is seventh in the men's 8km race at the Stewart Cup in Glasgow. Britain's Michael Hawkins leads the way in the 8km men's race, with Kenya's Geoffrey Korir winning the junior men's title.
Southampton FC: Mark Gape joins Adams Park on a free transfer.
Esteban Santiago, 26, is accused of opening fire at Fort Lauderdale airport, killing five people and injuring six others.He is charged with carrying out an act of violence at an international airport resulting in death, which carries a maximum punishment of execution.The suspect, who is in custody, told agents he had planned the attack and bought a one-way ticket to Fort Lauderdale, according to court papers.Authorities said they did not know why he chose this target and that terrorism had not been ruled out.The attack was the latest in a series of mass shootings in the US in recent years, carried out by people who had
Former President Barack Obama is expected to visit Ireland within the next 12 months, according to the Taoiseach.
Chelsea defender John Terry faces a one-game ban after being sent off in the FA Cup third-round win over Peterborough. Chelsea captain John Terry could be suspended for their Premier League trip to Leicester on 14 January.
Where Do You Go To (My Lovely) was written by Robin Sarstedt.
Venezuela helicopter crash: Search teams find survivors six days after crash. Search teams have found survivors of a helicopter that crashed in southern Venezuela, the country's defence minister says.
Genoa 0, Roma 1: Lazio 1-0. Lazio beat Atalanta to move four points clear at the top of Serie A, while Roma are four points behind Juve in fourth place. Genoa beat Lazio 0-0 at the Stadio Olimpico in Serie A as Lazio maintained their hold on fourth place with a win over next-to-bottom Crotone, with Ciro Immobile scoring the winner in the last minute. Lazio had a late strike from Colombia striker Carlos Bacca, but Crotone were desperately unlucky when Marcus Rohden had a goal wrongly ruled out
Equipping Scotland for the Future report was published by the Institute for Public Policy Research Scotland.
The annual Bank of Scotland Business Digital Index assessed small firms in five key skills needed to get the most out of being online.
Steve Jobs had just unveiled the iPhone before an adoring crowd but it was not available for grubby hacks to manhandleThen I remembered that we had been offered - and turned down for lack of time - an interview with Apple’s marketing chief Phil SchillerHaving located Mr Schiller I asked whether before our interview I might just have a look at the iPhoneHe graciously handed his over - and rather than trying to ring Jony Ive or order 5,000 lattes as Steve Jobs […].
England face three ODIs and three Twenty20 matches against India in Pune. Former England wicketkeeper Graeme Swann says the team were "backward in their thinking" and "arrogant" on the tour of India. Former Test and one-day international wicket-keeper-batsman Graeme "Swann" Swann has criticised England's batting line-up for Sunday's first ODI against India A, saying the tourists will struggle with the spinners and will struggle to score more than 400 runs in the three-match ODI series against the hosts.The tourists face three one
Lloyds is on trajectory to return to full private ownership later this year when taxpayers should recoup all the money they put in.
Edinburgh Capitals ended a seven-game winless run with a 3-2 home victory over Dundee Stars on Saturday before going down 6-0 on Tayside in Sunday's rematch.
The City of York Council has reintroduced traffic restrictions on Coppergate in York which will only be used by buses, taxis and permit holders between 08:00 and 18:00.
Hunger and/or dehydration were a factor in 828 patient deaths in hospitals and care homes in 2015, according to new figures.But that doesn't mean all of these patients starved to death or died of thirst, experts at the ONS were quick to point out when I spoke with them about it.Malnutrition may be recorded on the death certificate as a factor contributing directly to a death when it was a complication of a different underlying cause, such as cancer of the stomach, for example.If you are very sick, it might not be feasible or desirable to eat and drink. Having a disease such as advanced cancer can cause
A passer-by found the man, who has not been named but was in his 30s, off Promenade Street in Heywood
The Stephensons single-decker was a mile off the local bus route and must have been driven down a farm track, said farmer James Mizen.
England captain Joe Root promoted from vice-captain. Joe Root has been promoted to England captain after Alastair Cook's resignation, but an expected coronation does not guarantee that the crown will sit right, especially when Joe Root is such an inexperienced skipper. Root is the outstanding candidate, but you wouldn't want it to be a case of making your best player captain, only for it to backfire on you later. I want him to concentrate on being the best player we have ever had, rather than having his talent curbed by the pressures of captaincy."He has tried to be more sensible later,
Russia has denied allegations that it was involved in the hacking of Democratic Party emails during the US presidential election.The Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Moscow was tired of the accusations.
Russian officials confirmed the consul's death.The Proto Tema website said colleagues accompanied by police went round to the apartment to check on Mr Malanin but found the door […].
Con Conwy is popular with overseas visitors, but if they arrive in a left-hand drive coach at the drop-off point, they have to step out into moving traffic.
The Scottish government has already drafted legislation for a referendum after Nicola Sturgeon said another ballot was highly likely in the wake of the UK voting to leave the EU.But Ms Sturgeon told STV News that any referendum would not been held in 2017.
Esteban Ruiz Santiago is accused of murdering five people at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International airport on Friday.
Tennis Integrity Unit said Lindahl plotted to throw a match at a minor Australian tournament in 2013.
Around 400 residents in east Rhyl were forced to leave their properties when severe storms breached the sea defences in December 2013.
Natalia Wilkanowska, 50, disappeared in 2003 after travelling to visit her ex-husband Gerald Doherty in Luton.Her body was found in December 2015, Luton Crown Court was told.Mr Doherty's brothers, Joseph and Daniel, are on trial accused of helping conceal her remains and lying to police.The court heard Natalia was last seen by her children in April 2003 when she left her Eastbourne home to travel to Luton
North Cumbria University Hospitals Trust: 'No indication that any patients have been adversely affected'.
Oldhams.co.uk Oldham have not won a league game since 18 October
Tom Hiddleston apologises for 'binge-watching' South Sudan aid workers at Golden Globes. The Night Manager star says his "only intention" had been "to salute [their] incredible bravery and courage".
Lancashire County Council has said it will continue to enforce bus lane restrictions on Fishergate during the festive period.The restrictions are in place between 11:00 and 18:00 on two sections of Fishergate and were introduced on a trial basis on 31 October 2016 to reduce congestion.
Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe to leave Williams. Mercedes-Benz Motorsport have announced the departure of technical director Patrick Lowe after three and a half years at the team.Lowe is set to take on a role heading the technical side of the entire Williams group, including the F1 team.He will be replaced by former Ferrari technical director James Allison, whose deal was signed some months ago, but is not yet confirmed.
If the politicians are not in a position to produce a budget, the civil service could take over.Legislation allows the permanent secretary in the Department of Finance to take control if a budget act has not been passed at least three working days before the end of the financial year.The official can access a sum of money not exceeding 75% of this year's budget and direct how it is spent.The current finance minister, MÃ¡irtÃ­n Ã“ Muilleoir, has emphasised that the legislation means "monies will continue to flow".However the TUV leader Jim Allister
Ukraine's power blackout has been linked to a hack and blackout in 2015 that affected 225,000 people, a cyber-security company says. Ukraine's national energy company Ukrenergo has linked a power cut in the capital, Kiev, to a hacking attack on a power substation in 2015. The blackout lasted just over an hour and started just before midnight on 17 December. The attack took place almost exactly one year after a hack on a regional electricity distribution company.
Frances Cappuccini died after losing 2.3 litres of blood at Tunbridge Wells Hospital in Kent.
Guinea-Bissau players go on strike after being paid bonuses for qualifying for the Nations Cup. Guinea Bissau's players have gone on strike following the payment of bonuses for their qualification for the 2014 Nations Cup.
The incident happened in December when the 18-year-old man suffered what was described at the time as a broken jaw
The man says he is ill, he's hearing voices and wants to kill someone.Usually emergency services would be despatched and he'd probably be taken to an already overstretched accident and emergency department. But in Birmingham, the street triage team is sent with a paramedic, police officer and psychiatric nurse on board.By intervening at this stage, they aim to get the patient appropriate help and ease pressures on A&E - the man has been taken there about half a dozen times already in the last few weeks.After talking to the team and physical health checks, it's agreed he'll remain at home and
Police were called to the unusual double parking incident at 11:40 on Tuesday
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has updated its rules on anti-social behaviour during matches.
RWE NPower closed the coal-fired facility at the site in March 2013 after 43 years of service.
The Lancashire Care NHS Foundation Trust has been given a "good" rating following an inspection by the Care Quality Commission.
DUP minister Paul Givan says about 34,000 homes in Northern Ireland could miss out on £91m set aside to mitigate the effects of the "bedroom tax".
The chart shows us that from the first such report after entering the White House, President Obama learned that the US economy had just shed 800,000 jobs in one month.No other figure so clearly illustrates that Mr Obama started his presidency with an economy that wasn't just weak, it was on the verge of collapse.A recession of a severity not seen since the 1930s was under way.The most pressing question for the new president was what, if anything, could be done to stabilise the economy so that it could create jobs once more.Attributing the creation of jobs to those functions of government is even more
The team at the Sanger Institute in Cambridge was trying to figure out what affected tumour spread in the body.Targeting one gene led to a three-quarters reduction in tumours spreading to the lungs.
Kim Kardashian West was held at gunpoint and tied up by the robbers while staying at a hotel in Paris in October
A new code of practice underpinning the use of stop and search is required under The Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 2016.Ministers asked an advisory group of experts to draft the code following a BBC Scotland investigation which revealed that hundreds of children under the age of 12 were being subjected to consensual stop searches.The new code states that stopping and searching members of the public is a "significant intrusion into their personal liberty and privacy".It must therefore be done for a good reason, and be both "necessary and proportionate", it says.This means that the officer must have a "reasonable suspicion" based on "facts,
Tommy Seymour, 28, has agreed a new deal until May 2019 while lock Swinson, 29, is now contracted until May 2020Both made their Scotland debuts in 2013 and have 56 senior international caps between themFellow internationals Stuart Hogg and Henry Pyrgos have already signed new deals with Glasgow, as has former Scotland sevens player Adam AsheNew Zealander Dave Rennie will replace Glasgow head coach Gregor Townsend in the summer, with the latter taking on the Scotland head coach job"It's great news that Tommy and Tim want to stay and continue their careers in Glasgow," said Townsend."They both work really hard
Mahmoud Amir Alagha is working in four dimensions to capture digitally the way partial paralysis affects people's expressions.His research is supported by the university which awarded him a scholarship and supported him when, as a refugee from the conflict in Syria, he applied
Education Scotland has launched an online resource to help schools make decisions about closing the attainment gap between their "most and least disadvantaged children".
The Northumberland-born author of the Electra Brown series for teenagers was found in a cesspit beneath the garage submerged in liquid, including human excrement, the court heard. A coroner has told a murder trial that it is "possible" that the body of a book author was put down a well in an unconscious state and then drowned. The body of the author of an award-winning book was found submerged in water, a coroner has said.The body was found next to her, together with a dog's toy.The jury was told earlier that in the weeks before her death the writer had
Midwife-led community maternity unit to be in place at Caithness General. Midwife led community maternity units are due to be introduced at the hospital at the end of this month.
Megan Lee, from Oswaldtwistle, died on 1 January, two days after she was admitted to hospital
The Carpenters' Richard Carpenter is suing for compensation, according to legal documents filed in Los Angeles on Wednesday.He claims Universal Music have only paid the band a "miniscule fraction" of the money they were owed from downloads on sites like iTunes and Amazon.The claim is also filed on behalf of his sister, Karen, who died in 1983.Carpenter hired accountants to examine financial statements from Universal Music and its subsidiary, A&amp;M Records, which has released the band's music since their debut album in 1969.He says they found multiple errors, and that the labels "improper
Saima Ahmed's family have criticised the police response after they reported her missing in August 2015.
Motorcyclist Leighton Santos, 22, admitted causing David Hitchen's death through careless driving and was jailed at Preston Crown Court on Monday. The maximum sentence is five years, but this can be reduced by a guilty plea.
Two were picked up by a coastguard helicopter high up on the 3,196ft (974 metre) Munro
First Minister Arlene Foster has submitted a business case to Finance Minister Máirtín Ó Muilleoir outlining how he intends to tackle the projected £490m overspend.The scheme was set up by former first minister Arlene Mrs Foster in 2012 when she was enterprise minister.However, businesses received more in subsidies than they paid for fuel, and the scheme became heavily oversubscribed.The failure of the political parties to find a resolution on how to investigate the failings in the scheme has led to a political crisis at Stormont.Martin McGuinness resigned on Monday as deputy first minister in protest against the botched handling of
Transport Transport Minister Humza Yousaf said a new charter arrangement would end the long-running row over seafarers' pay.
Av Avon and Somerset Police closed the Lower Bristol Road in Bath at Rackfield Place outside the First depot after the crash at 03:00 GMT
Finland's social insurance agency Kela is trying out the monthly tax-free payment of €560 (£490; $600) is to see whether providing a basic income will make the unemployed more eager to go into short-term jobs.The Finnish centre-right government of Prime Minister Juha Sipila has provided €20m to the project and the research will remain untouched until the start of 2018."This will start something better when the 2,000 people start a job," says Olli Kangas, head of society relations at Kela."In some cases an unemployed person is afraid of losing their benefits in the future
A man has been remanded in custody after he was hit by a car in Hengrove, Bristol.The victim, Kyle Clarke, died at the scene from his injuries.His mother, Helen Stockford, said in a family statement: "We would like to thank the public and the emergency services for all their support on Tuesday night."
Canadian IT systems giant CGI Group has grown to C$10bn ($10bn; £8bn) in annual revenues, while its chairman's personal fortune is estimated at $1.5bn.The company, which was founded in 1976, is a global IT systems and management consulting firm that provides services to more than 2,000 companies and governments around the world, including the US government and the European Union.The firm, which is based in Montreal, Quebec, was founded by Jean-Claude Godin, a Canadian computer scientist, in 1976 when his father was laid off from his job as a computer engineer
Cornwall Reds beat third-placed Chinnor 29-12 for a second win in a row.
Brazil prison riots: What's the cause?
The goal is to see if a computer can beat four of the best players in the variant of poker known as no-limit heads-up Texas hold 'em.The matches - dubbed Brains v Artificial Intelligence - are being held over 20 days at Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh.
Gross domestic product was 1.9% higher last year than in 2015.
Watford legend Graham Taylor dies aged 72. Graham Taylor was the son of a journalist and rose to prominence in the game as a manager after retiring as a player with Lincoln City in 1972.Graham Taylor was a manager and coach at Watford from 1977 to 1994, taking the club from the Fourth Division to the top flight in the space of five exhilarating years.
Google has ended its exploration of high altitude unmanned aerial vehicles for internet access.Google acquired Titan Aerospace in 2014, reportedly fending off a bid from Facebook.
Jason Duff, 44, of Cowdenbeath, Fife, was also banned from driving for four years.The case was described by a prosecutor as one with "unusual circumstances".Depute fiscal Siobhan Monks said a member of the public was driving along the road.
Aker employs about 15,000 people, of which more than 2,000 are in the UK, the majority of them in Aberdeen and offshore.
Dywedodd Charles Hendry, awdur yr adroddiad, y gallai morlynnoedd llanw fod yn "ddiwydiant newydd cyffrous a phwysig i'r Deyrnas Unedig"."Ar ôl astudio'r dystiolaeth a siarad â phobl allweddol ar y ddwy ochr, fy marn i yw y dylen ni gymryd y cyfle nawr i symud'mlaen â'r dechno
England lose to India A by three wickets in Mumbai. England's middle-order collapse in India A sees them slip from 116-1 to 211-9 in the second ODI against India A at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. The manner of captain Eoin Morgan and vice-captain Jos Buttler's dismissals epitomised this latest England middle- order collapse. Both were caught and bowled, first ball, prodding easy catches back to the bowler.
World Championship 2017: John Bingham would play if his wife gives birth. World Championship 2016: Jack Bingham says he would play in this year's tournament if his pregnant wife has a baby.
Norman Rimmington, also known as "Rimmo", signed with Barnsley in 1945, earning £3 a week as a goalkeeper.The goalkeeper, who also worked as a pit fitter and a mechanic, returned to the South Yorkshire side in 1952 and never left.
Forensic expert Susan Williamson was giving evidence at the trial of William Burns and Alexander Porter, who deny attacking Russell Findlay.
He really hurt his neck and he has got pins and needles in his arms and through his hands
Northern Ireland's big economic idea as dead.But in the here and now, things look mightily challenging - can Invest NI promote a rate and a date to overseas companies with any certainty?Even before the political crisis, some experts felt 2018 was ambitious anyhow for companies to adapt to new rules.And all the while, the main UK rate of corporation tax is falling, blunting the attractiveness of what Northern Ireland wants to offer.The Northern Ireland Executive must demonstrate its finances are on a sustainable footing.Does a potential £490m blunder over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme undermine
The IOC has stripped the three of their gold medals, won in Beijing in 2008.
Michael McAllister joins Crusaders from Mid Ulster League side Crewe United
China's official response, from foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang, was muted.
The FTSE 100 index closed 0.6% higher at 7,337.8 - the 14th time it has ended higher.
Kirsty Blackman, SNP MP for Aberdeen North, found a toy rabbit at the Carriage Gates entrance last July.
Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk
Celta Vigo striker Fernando Llorente joins Fulham from Rayo Vallecano
Mohammed Sufiyan Choudry and Zaiur Rahman, both members of the Luton chapter of the banned group Al-Muhajiroun, were caught in an undercover police operation in 2015.
A woman was also injured in the crash, but her injuries are not believed to be life threatening
A man has been charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a pedestrian bridge collapsed on to the M25 motorway in Kent.The bridge fell on to to the London-bound carriageway of the motorway just after midday on Saturday 27 August.A motorcyclist suffered broken ribs when the bridge came down.The collapse happened between junctions four and three, near the junction with the M26 which links the M25 London orbital with the M20.The road, which is the main route to the Channel Tunnel and Port of Dover, had to be closed while two large cranes worked to
Father Benedict Seed, 83, denies the charges, which include striking pupils aged between 11 and 18 with a cane and a spiked golf shoe in the 70s and 80s
Accrington Stanley sign Slovak midfielder Tomas Rodak from Fulham.
Wilkins' conduct was "detrimental to the interests of boxing".Blackwell retired after suffering a bleed on the skull in March.He spent a week in an induced coma after losing his British middleweight title fight with Chris Eubank Jr.
Haitian politician Guy Philippe has been charged with conspiracy to import cocaine and money laundering.
A woman has admitted driving an unlicensed vehicle on the day in question after a row with Radio Two presenter Jeremy Vine.Shanique Pearson, 22, from Vauxhall, is said to have formed the shape of a weapon with her fingers and "cocked it" at Mr Vine's head.Mr Vine was riding his bicycle in Kensington, west London, on 26 August when a row occurred, Hammersmith Magistrates' Court was told.
England's Waites, a two-time winner, was seeded sixth for this year's tournament at the Lakeside.
Abd Abdallah El Said (Egypt) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved by Denis Onyango in the 89th minute. Assisted by Mohamed Shafy with a cross following a set piece situation.Conceded by Mohamed Elneny (Egypt).Delay over.Delay in match Mohamed Salah (Uganda) because of an injury.Second Half ends, Egypt 1, Uganda 0.Offside, Uganda.Foul by Mohamed Mahmoud (Egypt), who is sent off for a yellow card.Mohamed Salah scores his side's first goal of the tournament. Abdallah
Bonnyrigg Rose 3-2 Hibernian. Bonnie Rose beat Hibs to reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Junior Cup with a three-goal blitz at the home of their arch-rivals Hearts.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has opened the new Palestinian embassy to the Holy See.The Vatican recognised Palestinian statehood a year and a half ago.The status of Jerusalem is one of the most sensitive and complex issues of the entire Middle East conflict.Palestinians view East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state but Israel proclaims the entire city as its capital. Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian president, said the move would undermine chances of a negotiated peace based on a two-state solution, in which Palestinian and Israeli states would live side-by-side.The Pope has repeatedly supported moves to restart the peace process.The
The Swansea canal was a feat of 18th Century engineering; with 36 locks and five aqueducts carrying the water from 365ft (111m) at Abercraf, to where it reached sea-level at North Dock.For a century and a half it carried around 400,000 tonnes of coal, iron and steel each year to feed the Industrial Revolution.Indeed, several towns and villages such as Ystradgynlais, Ystalyfera and Clydach owe their very existence to its success.But by the turn of the 20th Century it was feeling the pinch from the competition of
Kent Police said the Sittingbourne man died at the scene
Pedestrian knocked down by a Ford Focus in Oldgate Lane, Thrybergh.
A number of men forced their way into the property at Oakfield Drive shortly after 20:00 GMT on Saturday
Newport Westley has been overseeing a major overhaul of his Newport County squad
Munster insist Murray was assessed at the time of the incident and did not appear to be concussed
PEC Zwolle 1, Ajax 3. Hakim Ziyech (Ajax) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.Davy Klaassen Kasperberg wins a free kick on the right wing.Hachim Mastour (PEC Zlle) wins a defensive half.Foul by Joël Veltman (AJax).Davy Kluivert (Pec Zwollle) right footed free kick from the left wing is saved in the centre of the goal.Davy Klaasperberg (
The rider had head injuries and was very cold from lying unconscious.
A body has been found in Troedyrhiw, south Wales Police have confirmed.
Paul Pogba, who joined Manchester United for a record £89m in the summer, is worth £136.4m.
Devon and Cornwall Chiefs scrum-half Dave Lewis is out for the rest of the season with a torn pectoral muscleDave Lewis started in place of Chudley in Sunday's win over Ulster
Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic says pressure from the press and fans puts more pressure on him than Paul Pogba. Manchester United star Ibrahimovic has said he is not worried about the pressure on his team-mates after being shown on advertising boards around the pitch in his side's 1-1 draw with Liverpool.
The Holiday Inn Express in Picardy Place was put up for sale in November.
Ipswich Town sign MK Dons striker Jordan Spence and Torquay United striker Jordan Moore. Ipswich have signed Bristol Rovers striker Jordan SPENCE and former West Ham defender Jordan Moore on loan deals to sign to the end of the season.
Karen Gillan has returned to Scotland to make a new film set in her home city of Inverness.The film is being made by Mt Hollywood Films, a film company with a mission to offer women and film-makers from minority backgrounds leadership roles such as writing, directing and producing films.Karen Gillan is best known for her roles as Amy Pond in the BBC's Doctor Who and also as space pirate Nebula in 2014's Marvel movie, Guardians of the Galaxy.Tupperware Party, which she wrote and is directing and starring in, is an art house film set on a theme of suicide in Scotland,
It is now "over to the people to have their say".
Mr Murphy said the party had been "stretched to the limits" by their former partners in government, the DUP.
The DUP has denied allegations made by former enterprise minister Jonathan Bell that he was told he would not be allowed to reduce the tariff on the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme because of his "extensive interests in the poultry industry".Mr Bell made the allegation while speaking under parliamentary privilege.MLAs were debating the RHI scheme at Stormont.A motion to delay the debate by a week, in the wake of the Secretary of State James Brokenshire's announcement of an election, was interrupted when Mr Bell made dramatic claims about the DUP.Mr Bell said when he was enterprise minister his special advisor, Timothy
The All Party Parliamentary Group on social mobility says all interns should be paid after their first month.The "Class Ceiling" study highlights the way that entry into some professions can be skewed in favour of more affluent youngsters.
David Cameron is a man of charm and ability. He deserves to find a role commensurate with his talents, and I am sure that he will.
The man was kicked in the head a number of times
Mark Allen beats John Higgins 6-5 in dramatic first-round match at Alexandra Palace. Mark Allen beat John Higgins to reach the quarter-finals of the snooker World Snooker Championship.
Wales Bill passes Senedd. The Wales Bill has been passed by the Welsh Assembly Assembly of Assembly Members (AMs) in the Senedd, but Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood suggested Wales had been "backed into a corner" over the legislation. Wales Bill is the fourth Wales Bill since the devolution process began in 1998 with the act which created the assembly. It will be the last Wales Bill in this parliamentary session.
Louis van Gaal: Manchester United boss says he will not return to coaching. Louis Van Gaal says he does not think he will return to football after being sacked by Manchester United after just two years at the club.Louis van Gaal, 65, has been out of work at Manchester United since being sacked in May 2016.
Body found in Bolton is believed to be that of Victoria Cherry. A body has been found in a house in Bolton, Greater Manchester Police say.
The baby girl, born on 5 January, is thought to be the world's second "modern three-parent baby" - another child was created using a slightly different method in Mexico.
Curzon wins Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award. Curzon has been awarded the Bafta award for its contribution to the British film industry for 80 years, the British Film Institute (Bafta) has announced. The awards will be held at London's Royal Albert Hall on 12 February
Hughie Maughan's teak tone under the spotlight had viewers doing their own keyboard tap dance.The Dublin man was appearing on Irish broadcaster RTÉ's Dancing With The Stars at the weekend.
Redruth Mennaye head coach Paul Paver says Owen Chapman's performance in the British and Irish Cup has raised some eyebrows at the club.
Citroën and dealer Robins and Day said there were no injuries.
One man out of five initial cases heard at the High Court in Leeds has been awarded compensation.
The Intergenerational Foundation says the government is missing the much bigger picture of what it will really cost in repayments. It's going to publish its findings in a report called The Packhorse Generation.
Albion news: Wales Under-19 international Josh Roberts signs for Shropshire Town. Shrewsbury Town striker Josh Roberts has signed a two-year deal to join ShroPShire Town from Oxford United on loan for the rest of the season.
Paralympian Andy Weir has announced his retirement from track racing after an unsuccessful Paralympic Games in Rio.
Saracens sign Calum Clark from Leeds. Sarries sign former Leeds hooker Calum Clarke from Leeds for the 2017-18 season.
Mark Anthony Barlow, 48, of Grendon, Atherstone, Warwickshire
Stranraer FC manager Brian Reid leaves the club by mutual consent. Brian Reid has left the Scottish Premier League club Strenraer after 20 months in charge.
Theresa May's Brexit speech. Theresa May has warned that a vote to leave the European Union would risk bringing the development of the single market to a halt, and risk a loss of investors and businesses to remaining EU member states driven by discriminatory EU policies, and we risk going backwards when it comes to international trade.
The RSPCA said there had been a total of 137 convictions in the same period.The maximum sentence for offenders is six months in prison and/or an unlimited fine, but campaigners want it to be raised to up to three years.Eduardo Goncalves, chief executive of the League Against Cruel Sports, said: "Evidence from the UK and abroad points to the activity being a 'gateway' crime to serious and organised offences, such as drug and gun crime."In the United States dog fighting is recognised as a Grade A felony by the FBI."France applies a sentence of up to two years, and Germany
Three deaths across Italy have been attributed to freezing weather.
Stade Francais: Nayacalevu, Arias, Burden, Luamanu, Yarde, Chisholm, Chisolm.
Grandparents who give up work are given NI credits while their children are under 12, to help them get a state pension.If they return to work, relatives can claim the credits instead.To qualify for the so-called grandparents' credit, such relatives need to be of working age, while caring for the child in question.In the year to the end of September 2016, only about 1,300 people claimed the credits.
Stable-mates Lewis and Harris are named after neighbouring islands in the Western Isles.
Former first minister Ian Paisley Robinson has denied any family links to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.Former first minister Angus Robinson, who now advises the economy minister, has denied he has any personal financial interest in the RHI scheme. Former First Minister Angus Robinson says he has no family connections to the renewable heat incentive scheme and has "no connection to the poultry industry". Former Northern Ireland First Minister Andrew Robinson denies having any personal links to a renewable energy incentive scheme.He said his father-in-law applied to the scheme in August 2015, before he was married in October.
The Church in Wales has appointed its first female bishop, with the appointment of Canon Joanna Penberthy as the first woman to be the head of the country's Anglican church. The Church of Wales has elected the first female Bishop of Wales, after a long-running campaign to allow women to become bishops failed by three votes in 2008. The move for women bishops would go on to be passed five years later, in 2013, but the barriers women faced in the past still remain today. The decision-making committee for the finances of the church, for example, has 26 places on the representative body but only two
Sarries' Australian lock Skelton slapped the GB Olympic Sevens Rio silver medallist in the face late in the 22-22 European Champions Cup draw. Sarries head coach Mark McCall has defended his team-mate James Davies after he was accused of throwing a punch which is against the rules of the game.
The government is currently negotiating with the Lib Dems and Greens to strike a deal to get its budget plans passed.Mr Harvie has asked for concessions over tax, while Lib Dem Willie Rennie has targeted up to £400m of additional spending.
The Department of Culture, Media and Sport's contribution to S4C's budget is currently set to fall to £6.1m in 2017-18.
India's first humanoid robot, Acyut, was created by a group of engineering students at the University of Delhi in India.The idea of building a humanoid robot in India was born in an engineering classroom in the early 1990s, when a teacher told his students that they would never be able to do it.Acyut was designed to help warehouses become more productive.Butler, an artificial intelligence-powered robotic system, helps pick products from shelves in the warehouse.''A single person would pick about 100 to 120 items in one day. With our Butler robot, he is able to pick 400 to 500 items every hour."
The abuse took place while the boys were living at Belmont House, in Baker Street, Stockport, Greater Manchester
Tomasz Galwaz, 29, died after falling from the roof of Al Amin Wholesale in Aston, Birmingham on 5 January 2015.
The Department for Education says the measures present a clearer picture of how well schools are performing.Head teachers say the results come amid a funding and recruitment crisis.
"We found that women who sat for longer did not have shorter telomere length if they exercised for at least 30 minutes a day."
Former Ireland rugby player Kevin Wallace was accused of subjecting his wife to harassment over two dates in May last year. Former Ireland footballer Kevin Wallace has been cleared of a harassment charge after a judge dismissed the charge against him. A judge has dismissed a charge against Kevin Wallace after identifying inconsistencies in his wife's evidence.
Victims' rights are being ignored'. Victims' Rights Commissioner Baroness Newlove has called for the right of victims to make a victim statement to be enshrined in law.
Welsh language minister Alun Davies told AMs it would help efforts to reach that goal stay on the right track
Oldham Oldham are offering free entry to their home game against Brentford on Saturday.Oldham, who are next to bottom of the table, three points from safety, have just exited a transfer embargo and reappointed John Sheridan as manager."We want as many supporters to welcome back the manager to the football club as he takes his place on the sidelines for the first time," said a club statement
The Scottish Chambers of Commerce says the end of last year saw growth across several sectors of the economy, but there are concerns about rising prices, skill shortages and falling sales.
Oxfordshire County Council said two independent studies found having one organisation to run all services could save £100m over five years.But the plan is opposed by the county's five district councils.
A fire on a ferry has been extinguished by the crew within minutes and none of the 65 people onboard were injured, Wightlink said.The blaze started on the deck of the vessel St Faith during the 09:00 GMT sailing from Portsmouth to Fishbourne on the Isle of Wight.The firm said the fire, in a "non-passenger area", was extinguished by.
Chris and Sue Moores's son Wayne died when his motorbike was struck by a drink driver in 2010.Mr Moores said: "Nothing can prepare a parent for seeing their child in the mortuary. That will stay with me every day, every day that vision comes into my mind."Our life is ruined."Mrs Moores added: "There's nothing careless about drink driving. I don't want anybody else to feel like us."
The name of a 26-year-old man who was shot in both legs on Tuesday night has appeared on a list on social media, a Sinn Féin MLA has said.The list accuses people of so-called joy riding.It comes after a series of paramilitary-style attacks in the Turf Lodge area.The PSNI said they were not linking the post to recent shootings at this stage.Police said such paramilitary style attacks in west Belfast had doubled in 2016 compared to 2015.The police figures do not take into account the Turf Lodge shootings.Speaking on the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme, before the
Brazil dam disaster: BHP to pay $47.5bn in compensation. BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto have reached a settlement with Brazil's federal prosecutors over the collapse of an iron ore mine dam.
Ver Veracruz governor Miguel Angel Yunes Linares claims fake medicine was used in state hospitals under his predecessor Javier Duarte.
A breakdown in the current agreement could result in more cash machines charging a fee.At the moment around 75% of ATMs are free to use.
Co-op Insurance will now provide separate details of no claims bonus charges. The Co-operative Insurance has taken so long to provide details of the price and benefits of no claim bonus protection, the Competition and Markets Authority says.
Of 151 drivers stopped by Thames Valley Police, 137 were using their phone.
Facebook has previously responded to a letter submitted by the group, but has not yet replied to the latest oneThe social network sometimes removes content that has been reported or flagged by members, if it is judged to have broken the website's guidelinesBut the coalition argued that the moderation was "racially biased"Activists in the Movement for Black Lives have routinely reported the takedown of images discussing racism and during protests, with the justification that it violates Facebook's community standards"At the same time, harassment and threats directed at activists based on their race, religion, and sexual orientation is thriving on Facebook."Your recent response indicates you are adequately addressing the
Autopilot is intended to be used on the motorway, where it lets cars automatically change lanes and react to traffic
The Street & Arrow food truck, in Glasgow's Partick, is to take on additional trainees by March 2017.And it plans to expand operations across Scotland to address the social challenges of those with criminal convictions.
Surrey County Council leader David Hodge said the government had cut its annual grant by £170m since 2010.He said the council had to set a budget for 2017-18 that would protect vital services.He has also denied reports there will be a deal with ministers to abandon the vote, putting the government on course for a row with a council in the Tory heartland.Opposition councillors in Surrey said the increase would be unaffordable for many residents and it followed financial failings by the council and the government's failure to fund services properly.The government said if the proposed budget is set, taxpayers would have the final say in
The location of Rheged had previously been thought by many historians to be in Cumbria.However, Dr Christopher Bowles, co-director of the excavation work in Dumfries and Galloway, said that may not have been the case.
Chronic myeloid leukaemia (CML) patients are often required to take tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) indefinitelyBut 93% of those in a new study stayed cancer-free after stopping or reducing treatmentCancer Research UK said the results were "promising" but dosages should not be changed without a doctor's advice.In 2000, trials of TKIs proved successful in controlling the rare disease, but also had side-effects, including an increased risk of infection, skin rashes, nausea, hair loss and in some cases hormone disorder and a build of fluid around the heart.So far
Jessica Chisnall, 15, was hit by the bike on Ashton's Green Drive in St Helens as she walked home from school on 13 January
Up to 60 trains, capable of speeds of about 225mph, will be needed for the first phase of the project.The trains will be built in Britain, for Britain, and combine world-leading Japanese Shinkansen technology with British manufacturing know-how.A second Y-shaped phase of HS2 will open in two stages.The line from Birmingham to Crewe will launch in 2027, with the remaining construction - which includes a spur taking HS2 to a new station at Manchester Airport - due to finish six years later.There will be separate contracts in the future to supply trains for this phase.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says defender Jan Vertonghen will miss the rest of the season after suffering an ankle injury. Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has confirmed that centre-back JanVertonghen is out of action for the remainder of the Premier League season after turning his ankle during the second half of last weekend's 4-0 win over West Brom.
Gambian president Yahya Jammeh has been given until noon on Friday to leave office or be forced out by UN-backed regional forces.Troops have been told to halt their advance until the deadline passes.Last-ditch mediation talks, led by Guinea's President Alpha Conde, are due on Friday morning.Chairman of the Ecowas commission, Marcel Alain de Souza, said that if the meeting with Mr Conde proved unsuccessful, militarily action would follow.The Economic Community of West African States (Ecowas) is acting in support of Adama Barrow, who was sworn
Australian Open 2014: Andy Murray beats Sam Querrey to reach fourth round. Andy Murray reaches the fourth round of the Australian Open with a 6-4 6-2 6-3 7-6 (7-2) 7-3 victory over American Sam Qerrey in Melbourne.Andy Murray wins his third round match of the 2014 Australian Open to reach the quarter-finals of the tournament, while Britain's Chris Evans reaches the second round with a 7-5 6-1 6-7 (6-4) 6-0 victory over Australian Bernard Tomic.It is the first time Evans has made it so
The Scottish government said lessons needed to be learned about the approach to this type of technology.The National Audit Office has been looking into why the project was axed.It found a failure by the UK government's energy department to agree the long term costs of the competition with the Treasury led to its cancellation.
Six Nations 2017: Eddie Jones names England squad. England head coach Eddie Jones has named his squad for the 2017 Six Nations tournament against France.
A police officer has been charged with two counts of possession of an offensive weapon and affray.
The exotic pet, which is 12 months old, has a vulnerable shell and the shop appealed for information on Facebook, saying it was concerned about its "specific care requirements".
Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics
Newport County boss Tom Westley says he should focus on preparing his own side. Newport County chief executive Tom Davies says he is not sure why Exiles boss Tommy Westley feels it is necessary to go on about the state of the pitch at Rodney Parade.
Craig Rodger was hit by a Porsche as he crossed Wilbraham Road in Chorlton, Manchester, in March 2014.
Ken Dickie died in hospital on 14 May, six days after the incident at the Rockley Park site in Poole.
Nigel Farage has been given his own nightly show on UK radio station LBC.The former UKIP leader will provide political analysis for the main channel, and the Fox Business Network's daytime and primetime programmes
He's spoken of how he's loved working in a team. Something, he said, "his other job" didn't necessarily offer.With his family moving from Norfolk to London, Prince George will go to a private school from September.And Prince William and his wife will be available to do more royal work.The demands will increase now the Queen has turned 90.The future king's exclusive focus will very soon be on his role as a Windsor and a destiny he'll one day embrace.
Media playback is not supported on this device
Oxford United v Newcastle United: Rafael Benitez likely to make changes again. Oxford United manager Michael Appleton: "If we beat Newcastle, it would probably be as big a win as I've ever had as a manager."
Charlton 2-1 Bolton. Charlton complete a perfect smash and grab to climb to 11th in the Premier League table.
Ali Crawford misses chance as St Johnstone beat Hamilton. Ali Crawford's miss at 0-0 was a key moment in a game that lacked drama and intensity, and even a moment of controversy failed to assert itselfSt Johnstone manager Tommy Wright: "We're in a strong position in the league and the main concern is targeting for next season and keeping ones here. I'm more than comfortable to go with what I've got for the rest of the season."I've talked about key moments before and there's none more key than [Ali Crawford’s miss at 1-0]. When you're through one-
Ricky Miller (Dover Athletic) converts the penalty with a.  Dover Athletic 2, Chester FC 1.  Chester FC 0, Dover Athletic 0.   Chester 1, Dover FC 0.First Half begins.  First Half ends, Chester 0 Dover Athletic 1, Chester 1.Ricky Miller (Chester FC) is shown the yellow card. Ricky Miller is shown a red card.Elliott Durrell replaces Ricky Miller. Ricky Modeste is shown his second yellow card of the game.  Joe Healy is shown another yellow card  Chester 0, Portsmouth 0.Second Half begins, Chester 2,
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she expects "very frank" talks with US President Donald Trump when they meet in Washington next week.The prime minister said she hoped for early progress on a US-UK trade agreement.She said she was "confident we can look at areas even in advance of being able to sign a formal trade deal".
Alexander Zverev beats Rafael Nadal to reach the quarter-finals of the Australian Open for the first time at the French Open.Alexander's big serve and brilliant backhand earned him a 2-1 lead after three sets, only for the Spaniard to battle his way back in characteristic fashion.The teenager had recovered a break early in the final set before requiring treatment for cramp.Nadal, 30, goes on to face France's Gael Monfils, who beat German Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-3 7-6 (7-1) 6-4.
"The appellant has liked certain messages that appeared on his Facebook profile.
Lindsey Vonn wins 77th World Cup race, nine behind Ingemar Stenmark's all-time record of 86 wins. American Lindsey vonn wins her 77th world cup race, beating Switzerland's Lara Gut by 0.15 seconds.
Former British spy and author Ted Allbeury, from Tunbridge Wells in Kent, wrote The Twentieth Day of January during heightened cold war tensions in 1980.
Kev Brady from Gloucester said he was terrified as he paddled more than 200 miles (320 km) along the MahaweliHe now aims to paddle the 800 miles (1,300 km) around the coast
Cafodd yr Esgob Joanna Penberthy ei chysegru yn Esgob Tyddewi yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf am 11:00.
The Women's March on Belfast took place outside Belfast City Hall on Saturday and attracted crowds of 200,000 people.
Theresa May will be the first foreign leader to meet the new president after his inauguration.
Cédric Bakambu (Congo DR) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Dieumerci Mbokani with a headed pass.Foul by Jonathan Bolingi (Gho DR).André Ayew (Ghana) wins a free kick on the left wing.Mubarak Wakaso (GhANA) scores a header from a corner kick in the centre of the box. Assists by Thomas Partey.Mbokani then teed up the competition's top scorer Junior Kabananga on 25 minutes, who fired high
Egypt 1, Morocco 0: Mohamed Salah scores in extra-time. Egypt's Mohammed Salah (Egypt) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved by Munir Mohamedi in the top centre of Morocco's goal.Mohamed Salah's shot from outside the box misses to the right.Fahcal Fajr (Morocco) header from a cross is saved in the bottom left corner of the goal. Mohamed Fathy (Egypt).Mohamed Fathy's header from the left wing is blocked by Mbark Boussoufa in the middle of the penalty area.Moh
Mauritius' prime minister says he is resigning in favour of a younger and more dynamic leader. Mauritius's prime minister has announced he is stepping down in favor of his son, who is the country's finance minister.
The Reverend Gavin Ashenden, a senior clergyman in the Church of England, left his position as chaplain in order to be free to criticise the move
Fe gysylltodd teulu Elen Jones, 36 oed a'i mab wyth oed, Lewis Rhys Jones gyda'r heddlu i ddweud nad yw'r ddau wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
A pedestrian has died after being struck by a car in Maidstone, Kent.
Two people were taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been quizzed by MPs on whether she had known about a missile misfire ahead of a vote in the House of Commons on renewing Trident, the UK's nuclear weapons system.The Sunday Times says the missile veered off course during a test in June last year - weeks before the Commons voted to spend £40bn renewing the system.In a statement, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) said the missile had been fired from a British submarine off the coast of Florida.It says the Trident II D5 missile was intended to be fired 5,600 miles (9,012 km
England's Ben Stokes hits a 39-ball 57 to win the World T20 final in Kolkata. England captain Eoin Morgan celebrates after his team's victory over India in the ICC Champions Trophy final in Kanpur. England's England captain England's captain Ben stokes celebrates after the team's win over India at the Champions Trophy. England's Chris Woakes celebrates after dismissing India's Kedar Jadhav for 90 in the final over of the final one-day international of the series. England take the series 2-1.
The first round of the WRC starts in Sweden on 9 February.
Well, the Kanneh-Mason family are very special - they all play an instrument to a very high level.Their house can get pretty loud with all six bothers and sisters practicing at once.Why are all the siblings so into playing musical instruments?Ayshah has been to meet them.
Anna O'Flanagan, Katie Mullan and Zoe Wilson netted the goals for the Irish who had beaten Wales in the semi-finals.
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was detained while trying to leave the country with her baby daughter after visiting relatives in April 2016.Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, who is from London, said his wife's detention was a "stain" on Iran.The couple's two-year-old daughter has remained in Iran after the government confiscated her passport, and is being looked after by her grandparents.Iran does not recognize dual nationalities, meaning those detained cannot receive consular assistance.Since her imprisonment, her family have campaigned on her behalf, highlighting her deteriorating health while in jail and her anguish at her separation
Nice striker Mario Balotelli says he was subjected to monkey noises in the warm-up and during the game.
The 998g (35.2oz) opal, valued at nearly A$900,000 (Â£550,000; $680,000), is now on display in Adelaide's South Australian Museum.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says Raheem Sterling should have been given a red card for diving against Tottenham.Media playback is not supported on this device
The US stock market rose on Thursday as investors focused on the latest batch of executive actions from President Donald Trump. The Dow Jones rose 0.6% to 19,912.7, and the S&P 500 rose 0.
Find us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.
British & Irish Cup quarter-final spot: Plymouth Pirates beat Mennaye. Plymouth Pirates finish second in Pool Three and book their quarter-finals spot with a seven-try win over Cornwall.
He is suspected of stealing more than $10bn from the country during his reign. He was ousted from power in 2012 after the Arab Spring, but is now allied with the Houthi rebels, locked in battle with the country's internationally recognised government.
Artificial intelligence (AI) has been used to help diagnose skin cancer, according to researchers at Stanford University in California.The AI was repurposed from software developed by Google that had learned to spot the difference between images of cats and dogs.It was shown 129,450 photographs and told what type of skin condition it was looking at in each one.The computer software cannot make a full diagnosis, as this is normally confirmed with a tissue biopsy.Dr Esteva said the system now needed to be tested alongside doctors in the clinic."The application of AI to healthcare is, we believe, an incredibly exciting area of research that
Sterling has fallen by 17% against the dollar since the UK voted to quit the European Union last June.
Marcel Marcel Sabitzer (RB Leipzig) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Naby Keita.Nadiem Amiri tries a through ball, but Timo Werner is caught offside.Marco Reus (1899 Hoffenheim) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Mario Ruggiero tries a free kick, but Davie Selke is caught on the right wing. Marco Reus tries a direct free kick from outside of the box, but Nadiem amiri is caught in the middle of the pitch.Mario Reuss (18
Real Madrid 3, Real Sociedad 0.Real Madrid were the only one of the top four in Spain to win this weekend, after Barcelona drew 1-1 with Real Betis, Sevilla lost 3-1 to Espanyol and Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Alaves.The visitors had Inigo Martinez sent off for two bookings before Alvaro Morata headed in Lucas Vazquez's cross.The hosts led when Cristiano Ronaldo played in Mateo Kovacic for his first La Liga goal.Kovacic then played in Ronaldo to clip the ball over keeper Geronimo R
Ruth Carr attacked Alan Allan, 34, at about 09:00 on 25 January last year after an argument.Carr, who was wearing only underwear at the time, had claimed Mr Allan had sexually assaulted herA jury at the High Court in Glasgow rejected her claims of self defence and convicted her of murderNeighbour Jill Strachan told the trial how she became aware of "a commotion".The 39 year old said: "There was a lot of shouting...to-ing and fro-ing."Initially, it seemed to be all about money."When the accused saw that she had an audience, she said something else."
Derek McInnes: Graeme Shinnie commits to Aberdeen. Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shane Shinnie has committed to remain at the club until the end of the season.
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, which he said would harm US jobs and the economy.He also cut funding for international groups that provide abortions, and froze hiring of some federal workers.Mr Trump also signed an order blocking foreign aid or federal funding for any nongovernmental organisation that provides abortions abroad.The so-called Mexico City policy was first established by Republican President Ronald Reagan in 1984.It is typically rescinded by incoming Democratic presidents, including Barack Obama in 2009, and reinstated by Republican presidents.After meeting business leaders earlier at the
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has announced Steven Gerrard will return to his former club as a youth coach in February.
Snowdonia Giving asks businesses in the national park to press visitors for a small contribution to add to bills.
The Politics of Economics and The Economics of Politicians will be available free on the Futurelearn online university network set up by the Open University
Sam Warburton: Wales flanker drops captaincy to concentrate on securing his position in the Wales back row. Alun Wyn Jones has been named as the new captain of Wales and the Lions for the Six Nations campaign in Italy in February. Sam Warburyton has dropped the captaincy of Wales from his position as the team's number seven in favour of Ospreys skipper Jonny Wilkinson, who will lead the side in their opening Six Nations match against Italy on 5 February.
Celtic winger Leigh Griffiths says he wants to return to Manchester City at the end of the season. Leigh GriffithS Roberts has played in more than 40 games for Celtic this season, including the Champions League group stage and has been a key part of the side's run of 25 unbeaten domestic matches. Celtic youngster Leigh Griffith's 18-month deal ends in the summer and the winger wants to go back to City to battle for a place at the club. Celtic forward Leigh Griffith-Roberts says he is keen to return from Manchester City to compete for a starting place in Brendan Rodgers' side.
County captain Andrew Davies has extended his stay at the club for another two years. County centre Andrew Davies extends his stay with the Staggies to another two seasons.
Derby County 3-0 Ipswich Town: Craig Bryson, Ince and Bent fire Rams to three points. Derby County boss Steve McClaren says his side are "disappointed" after they were knocked out of the FA Cup by non-league Lincoln City.Craig Bryson and Thomas Ince score for Derby County as they beat Ipswich to take three points from a 2-0 home defeat by Ipswich. Craig Bryston (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Kieffer Moore with a cross following a corner.Craig
Hamilton Academical 3-0 Inverness Thistle. Alex D'Acol and Rakish Bingham double Accies' lead after Greg Tansey's penalty is saved by Gary Woods. Hamilton Accies beat Caley Thistle to end a seven-game winless league run as they move to the top of the Scottish Premiership table with a win over Invernest.
Barry Barry Pring, 47, was killed by a speeding car as he tried to hail a taxi on the hard shoulder of a dual carriageway in Kiev in 2008.His wife, Ganna Ziuzina, had returned to a restaurant for a missing glove.The coroner at Exeter County Hall, Dr Elizabeth Earland, recorded a verdict of unlawful killing.More on the millionaire'murdered' by his wife, and other newsShe said: "His guard was lowered by inebriation. The car had stolen licence plates and did not brake or stop."I am satisfied that having heard all the evidence
The area's MP Brendan O'Hara is hosting a reception detailing plans for the former Nato base at Machrihanish to be the centre of space tourism in the UK.
Two security guards aged 47 and 49 were left badly shaken.
What exactly is a horse solarium? It emerged that the wife of former Ulster Unionist MLA Neil.
Foyle and Lagan Search and Rescue are among 67 charities to benefit from the Department of Transport scheme.
St Clare's Catholic Primary School in Birmingham has met with equality leaders at the city council to discuss a complaint from the pupil's family.
A man has been given a criminal behaviour order after being convicted of a series of break-ins in Manchester. A MANCHESTER City Council man will be banned from entering rear alleyways with the exception of his own home.
The boy, who cannot be identified because of his age, is a member of neo-Nazi youth group National Action.He told Leeds Crown Court he did not believe the Holocaust had happened and that if a woman was pregnant with a disabled child "it shouldn't be born".He went on to say: "I don't think they should be murdered."The jury was shown video clips of the defendant dressed in a German military uniform talking to people online via the social network Omegle.The videos show other users reacting negatively to the defendant's outfit and comments.Referring to an article about Mrs Cox's humanitarian work
The court ruled Theresa May cannot trigger Article 50 - the formal exit process from the EU - without the backing of MPs and peers.The court also said UK ministers were "not legally compelled" to consult the devolved legislatures in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Forest appoint Brazil as new manager. Nottingham Forest appoint new manager Roberto Brazil after replacing Philippe Montanier following the Frenchman's sacking on 14 January.
Tom Smith retires as Lancashire captain. Tom Smith has announced he is retiring as captain of the Red Rose at Old Trafford.
Tiger Woods: 'I just need to get out there and do it'. Tiger Woods says he is feeling good about his return from back surgery and is looking forward to the start of his 2017 season.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka is believed to have been racially abused at Heathrow Airport.
Swansea's Cameron Toshack: Son of former boss John Toshack ready to follow in father's footsteps. Swansea's son Cameron is ready to take the next step in his career as a head coach at the club.
Ikea has asked customers who bought any model of the Mysingso chair to return it for a full refund.
Cardiff University has accepted a review into an incident in which face paint was used to impersonate a staff member in a student-led performance.
Aiden O'Brien (Millwall) header from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left.Florent Cuvelier (Walsall) right footed shot from outside the box misses high and wide to the right.Shaun Williams (Millall) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Eoghan O'Connell is shown a yellow card by the referee for a foul on Lee Gregory.Aiden O’Brien is shown an yellow card because of an injury.Eloghan O‘Connell (Walfall) wins a free kick in the attacking
Hull City 0-0 Manchester United: Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Paul Pogba miss the target. Hull City goalkeeper Simeon Jakupovic makes six saves to keep out Manchester United in a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford. Manchester United's David de Gea makes a superb save to deny Hull City's Lazar Markovic in the second half as Hull City hold on for a point in a 2-0 draw at the Etihad Stadium. Hull manager Marco Silva: "We didn't score. You don't score, it is not possible to win."We needed to score, we needed more time
Edward Furneaux died after crashing his car into a tree in Worle on the morning of 19 January
Glasgow City Council's proposals for Byres Road include improvements for pedestrians, safe cycle routes and spaces for community events.
The world's number one aeroplane manufacturer made sales of $94.6bn, down 2%, and net earnings of $4.9bn, 5% lower
Bus lanes in Belfast would be extended from 07:00 to 19:00. The Belfast City Council has announced proposals to extend bus lanes in the city to every seven minutes in and out of the city.
Dale FC news: Keith Hill puts his trust in young players, so I feel like I will repay him
Braille is the size of your fingertips and to get down on your knees and feel this, well it is meaningless Barry Wheatley, Braille teacher
Yvonne Mosquito, the West Midlands Deputy PCC, was suspended after visiting a murder victim's family without informing officers.
Nottingham Forest: Gary Collymore withdraws from interest in new manager role. Nottingham Forest manager Gary 'Collymore has withdrawn from his interest in becoming the new manager of the Championship club.
Moises Henriques hits 18 runs as the Sixers beat the Heat in the final at the Gabba.
Lord West was being questioned about problems with a Trident missile test last June.
The Board of Community Health Councils (CHCs) is refusing to say why chief executive Tony Rucinski was suspended.The organisation describes itself as the "independent voice of patients" in Wales.It and the seven CHCs it oversees had an annual budget in 2015-16 of Â£3.8m.
NI families have £105 a week discretionary income, the lowest of any UK region and well below the UK average of £202 a week.
Helen Bailey murder trial: Ian Stewart denies murdering Helen Bailey. A man has told a court he had thought about taking his own life after his wife's body was found dumped in a cesspit under a garage. Ian Stewart, 56, denies murdering his wife Helen Bailey at their home in Royston, Hertfordshire, in April.
Adriano Guedes, 63, who was paralysed by a stroke in 2008, was admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Gorleston, Norfolk, in 2014
Mansfield Town striker Paul Hurst could make his debut for Guiseley in the National League on Saturday.
Two men were attacked in Ivory Blacks in Oswald Street, Glasgow, at about 23:00 on Friday.
A Flybe plane has landed safely at Edinburgh Airport following a technical fault with the aircraft.
Gwynedd council has decided to go ahead with establishing a new Church in Wales campus at Ysgol y Berwyn in Bala.
Two people, including the two ambulance crew, were taken to hospital in Lincoln.
The report found investors spent nearly £1.8bn last year across all sectors in Scotland, including offices, hotels, shops, student accommodation and industrial units.
Welsh taekwondo star Rhiannon Williams wins German Open. Welsh boxer Rhyannon Williams has won gold at the German Open in Hamburg, Germany.
The body was found near Heanor Memorial Park in Derbyshire.The inquest at Derby Coroner's Court heard it was believed the man visited a nightclub in Birmingham on Christmas Eve.
A suspected firearm has been found in north Belfast.
Huddersfield Town 3, Brighton and Hove Albion 1: Brighton 3-1. Brighton and Brighton are relegated to the bottom of the Premier League after a 3-3 draw with Huddertowardsfield Town at the John Smith's Stadium on Saturday.Holly Willian (Brighton and Brighton) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.Attempt saved. Assisted by Tomer Hemed.Attempt missed. Kasey Palmer (Hundsfield Town) right footed free kick is saved by David Stockdale in the bottom right corner.
If the Labour leader is feeling sheepish today, spare a thought for the chap caught taking a naked jog over Londonderry's Craigavon Bridge.The Daily Mirror reports that the man pleaded guilty at Derry Magistrates' Court on Wednesday after his Tuesday night run was caught on CCTV.A defence lawyer said he had "given no reason for the jogging naked across the Craigavond Bridge, but he is not in the habit of doing this type of thing".The man received a conditional discharge for a year.It's understood Mr Corbyn has written to the PSNI's chief constable to say sorry, but
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, told me that he was now "more optimistic" about the process of leaving the EU and the single market.He said that European leaders were no longer in chastising mood over Brexit, that had now past.A good deal is on, he said.But, and of course there has to be a but when considering how an economy will perform - a judgement at its most basic on how a million different decisions by human beings will play out.That is why it is still too early to say definitively whether the robust state of the UK economy today means the forecasts for
Southampton, Portsmouth and Isle of Wight councils apply to create new authority. Portsmouth Council leader Donna Jones said the money now appeared to have been lost because of opposition by Hampshire County Council.
Members of the NASUWT are staging a 24-hour stoppage after claiming their relationship with the trust running Whitehaven Academy has broken down.
Who has been the best January signing?
The Scottish government says it will not do so without a "viable alternative" being put in place.
Britney Spears has stood the test of time. Diehard fans who wore Britney Fantasy over 12 years ago are still coming to us to try her new fragrances."This is probably a good moment for me to make a confession. And, before I start, it's not something I'm proud of, ok?It was August 2014. I'd been to Spain on holiday and was in the duty free section of Barcelona Airport.Early, bored and trying to get rid of the last of my euros, I was spraying various aftershaves up and down my arm when one caught my nose.I looked at the bottle
Croydon Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) said the plan could save the NHS thousands of pounds per year.Mother Sarah Rose however said it was "like taking milk from a baby" as her seven-month-old son Sam depended on it.
Holyrood's cross-party group of MSPs has published its report on the government's draft budget, which marks the first use of new tax powers.
Paula Paula Vasco-Knight, 53, broke down as she changed her plea on the second day of her trial at Exeter Crown Court.She used £11,072 of NHS cash to pay her husband Stephen, 46,.
A school in Gloucestershire has been forced to send 26 pupils home after being hit with a bug that has left hundreds of students and staff sick.The school normally has an attendance of 97%, with fewer than 20 students off in a day, but on Thursday this had fallen to 80%.
Fulham sign Greece international Panagiotis Petsos from Bayer Leverkusen on loan until the end of the season.
The 39-year-old, from Ammanford in Carmarthenshire, revealed the news live on BBC One's The One Show
Dr Barry Morgan, who has been at the head of the Church in Wales for nearly 14 years, is set to retire on 31 January - his 70th birthday
St Mirren sign Dundee United striker Cammy Smith. Dundee midfielder Cammy is a really good player and someone I didn't think we'd be able to get because he was at Dundee, says St Johnstone boss Jack Ross.
Russia has sent a super-tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has confirmed a new case of avian flu in a flock of about 6,000 turkeys at a farm in Boston, Lincolnshire.It is the third confirmed diagnosis of the H5N8 strain of the virus in Lincolnshire in about four weeks.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed a bill that would make it a criminal offence for parents to smack their children. It now needs the approval of the upper house and President Vladimir Putin.
Property developers Michael and John Taggart are offering a settlement where they would repay less than 1p for every pound they owe.
James Botham is the grandson of former England cricketer Sir Ian Botham
Drugs such as tamoxifen and bulsufan are now 10 times more expensive despite no longer being under patent.The UK researchers said NHS negotiations with drug companies were failing to contain costs, and getting access to cheaper drugs would allow more people to be treated with more modern medicines.They estimated that the cost of these price rises to the NHS in England was around £380m a year - which only included community-based prescribing, not hospital prescribing.Drugs start off being on-patent, and their high prices allow pharmaceutical companies to profit from their investments in research and development.After patents have expired and generic versions are
He has been detained on suspicion of indecency with children and indecent assault.
Universal Basic Income (UBI) would give everyone the same sum of money regardless of whether they work or not. It creates a tremendous tax, a disincentive for the average person further up the income scale.
Bailey, 16, was stabbed during a fight with a fellow pupil at Cults Academy.
Graeme McDowell loses ground at the BMW PGA Tour event in DubaiMcDowell shares the halfway lead with Bradley Dredge (72) and Andy Sullivan (68).
Manor Racing ceased trading on Friday, effectively ending the Manor team.Manor's operating company Just Racing Services has been in administration since 6 January, and FRP Advisory has been unable.
Liverpool v Wolves: Steven Coady eager to return to Anfield for FA Cup fourth round. Liverpool midfielder Steven "Coady" Coyle is keenly awaiting his reunion with Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, who he first met when they did the Pro Licence coaching course together in Germany in 2004. Steven Coyle, 23, never got to play a home game for Liverpool in his three years at Anfield, with both his first-team appearances coming on the road, the second as a late sub for Philippe Coutinho in a 3-1 win at Fulham, his only one in the Premier League.
He's been a bit unlucky not to feature much this season
American football can be played at adult,university and junior levels.It's a very welcoming, inclusive environment and athletes with a disability are welcome to play.
Manchester City have accepted a charge of failing to provide accurate details of training sessions and player whereabouts.
Wales Bill 'unjust'. The former head of the Church of Wales says the Wales Bill is unjust and has not gone as far as it should. Dr Barry Morgan says devolution in Wales is a matter of equality and fairness.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger apologises after being sent off against Burnley. Arsenal manager Arsene "I should have shut up - I apologise for not having done that."
Leyton Orient: Leyton-orientation's 30-year-old has played 12 times for Orient since joining in October.
Barnsley 0, Preston North End 0: Ryan Kent equaliser. Ryan Kent (Barnsley) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Jordan Hugill.Adam Davies (Preston North End) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Josh Scowen (Barksley) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Adam Armstrong (Barny).Aiden McGeady (preston north end) is sent off for a foul on Adam Hammill in the attacking half.Adam Hammill (
Colchester United 1-1 Blackpool: Kurtis Guthrie and Kurtis Aldred equalise in the second half. Colchester  United equalise from the resulting corner after Blackpool goalkeeper Sam Slocombe denied Matthew Briggs with a sensational save to push the ball behind after 17 minutes, but Kurtis  Guthrie prodded in from close range after a goalmouth scramble.Colchester United  equalise  from the resultant corner after Kurtis Matt turned the ball home from three yards.Colchester finished the game with 10 men, after substitute Sean Murray was shown a straight red for a bad tackle on Jim Mc
Exeter City 4, Crewe Alexandra 0. Exeter beat Crewe 4-0 to make it a club-record seven goals in seven successive matches as Lloyd James and George Cooper gave the Grecians a 3-0 lead. Exter City beat Crewell 4-1 to make their unbeaten run in the Premier League a record seven matches. Lloyd James (Exeter City) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner.Foul by Charlie Kirk (Crewe Alexandra).Corner,    Crewe  Alexandra.  Exeter   City   4,  Cre
Blair Turgott (Bromley) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Brett Williams (Torquay United) replaces Jordan Higgs.Jordan Wynter replaces Dave Martin.Lee Minshull replaces Lee Young.Jordan Dymond replaces Connor HiggsBrett Young replaces Luke Young.First Half begins.Lineups are announced and players are warming up.Goal!
Torrey Pines: Tiger Woods misses cut. Tiger Woods is missing the cut after a disappointing second round at the PGA Tour event in San Diego.
Serena Williams passes Steffi Graf in all-time list of Grand Slam winners. Serena wins the Australian Open final to become the oldest woman to win a Grand Slam singles title, while her sister Venus reaches her first major final since 2009.The American regains the number one ranking from German Angelique Kerber.
H5N8 avian flu discovered at Wyre farm. The UK's chief veterinary officer said the risk to humans was "very low".
Dundee West MP Chris Law was questioned by police in September in relation to his Spirit of Independence referendum campaign in 2014.
Celtic v Heart of Midlothian (13:00)
South Africa look to appoint new head coach. Cricket South Africa have said they are "resolved to begin a recruitment process" as they look to replace head coach Ottis Gibson.
More to follow http://www.thetelegraph.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2017/08/web1_TTL_1.jpg
Northampton Town 3-0 Coventry City: Fans disrupt match. Northampton's League One home win over Coventry was disrupted several times by fans on Saturday.
The canoe was found on the southbound carriageway between junctions 30 and 29a in Derbyshire
Falkirk boss Neil Houston says he would not be surprised if his players were subject to a bid from a Premier League club.
German Pomsel was one of the last surviving members of staff from the Nazi hierarchy, who only spoke about her experience later in lifeIn "A German Life", which was released last year, she said she felt no guilt - "unless you end up blaming the entire German population"Born in January 1911, Ms Pomsel worked as a writer for a Jewish insurance broker for a number of years during her late teenage years, before taking a similar job with a right-wing writerAlthough she claimed that she had always been apolitical, she joined the Nazi party when they took power in 1933, in order to take a government job with German
A 14-year-old boy has been charged with possessing a Class A controlled drug with intent to supply.
The FTSE 100 ended down by 66 points at 7,118.48.
Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James passes Zydrunas Ilgauskas on NBA all-time list. LeBron James becomes the first player in NBA history to pass the 10,000-point mark in his 10th season with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Team Sky have been under pressure to reveal the contents of the package following a Daily Mail allegation in October 2016.
Alexander Enoch built his robot, called Marty, as a low-cost tool to inspire interest in programming and robotics while studying at Edinburgh University.
Everton transfer news: Jordan Browning signs for Everton.
The canal will be closed between 09:00 GMT and 15:00 from Monday until 17 February
Southport move forward in a different direction. Southport manager Steve Watson has been sacked by Southport after a disappointing run of results.
James Brokenshire became the first secretary of state to attend a gaelic football match in Northern Ireland.It is understood he was in the stadium's control room when the anthem was played.The Northern Ireland Office said he attended "in the spirit of friendship".However, A County Armagh Labour MP said Mr Brokensworth had "snubbed" the anthem."I think that's quite a regressive step," Conor McGinn told BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme."I'm confused and bemused by it and I've asked him to clarify why he did it."Mr McGinn said he understood Mr
Ghanaian coach Avram Grant says he would like to see criticism of his players stop.Ghana are seeking an elusive fifth Nations Cup title in Gabon - their last came in 1982.And they are showing the kind of resilience and quality necessary to end that 35-year wait, having beaten DR Congo 2-1 in Sunday's quarter-final to reach the last four.
President Trump has issued an Executive Order that temporarily bans entry to the United States from seven Muslim-majority countries.President Trump has also dismissed the country's top lawyer, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates after she directed the Justice Department not to defend his Executive Order on this issue.Families separated from loved ones by the ban share their stories.Samuel Jacob was born in Syria but lives in Pittsburgh, US. He recently got married but cannot be with his wife."I am an instructor in heart and lung transplant at.
Horror stories have been handed down the generations about the mysterious site, known as Deadman's Island, so the BBC's Inside Out South East programme took a boat across to investigate whether any of the rumours were true Lots of people have since been talking about it on social media sites
Coventry City fans have been arrested over a pitch invasion and flares being thrown during their side's 3-0 loss at Sixfields.
Auschwitz garrison list: 9,000 names on new database. A new database has been created of the names of Nazi concentration camp guards who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau in occupied Poland, the only one of its kind in the world. The information was gathered from Poland, Germany, Austria and the US. The new database is being made accessible in five languages and "is a tool to fight lies", Jaroslaw Szarek, head of the Institute of National Remembrance (INR) said.
Isle of Wight Council tried to fine Jon Platt Â£120 for taking his daughter to Florida during the school term.But magistrates backed the father, so the council appealed to the High Court, which again ruled in Mr Platt's favour.
Jon Rahm's status as one of Europe's most exciting prospects confirmed. Rahm capped his maiden triumph with a thrilling eagle at the last, where he holed a snaking 60-footer to finish three clear of the field.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien should be available for Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland at Murrayfield.
Y llynedd, fe lwyddodd 333 o ysgolion cynradd ac uwchradd i gyrraedd y prif gategori, y categori gwyrdd - cynnydd o 41% ar y flwyddyn flaenorol.Fe wnaeth nifer yr ygwnaeth Estyn danlinellu yn eu hadroddiad diweddar, mae yna amrywiaeth perfformiad yn dal yn bodoli ar draws Cymru, a
Penelope Fillon and her husband, Francois Fillon, have been questioned by French police investigating allegations that they paid their wife for work she did as his parliamentary assistant.Both the centre-right candidate and his Welsh-born wife deny any wrongdoing.Mr Fillon said last week he was "outraged by the contempt and misogyny" in the newspaper's story.He also said that he wanted to be heard by the investigators and would step down if put under formal investigation.
RB Leipzig: 'Slaughter the bulls', 'Red Bull, enemy of football'. The stones and bottles thrown and the hate banners displayed by Borussia Dortmund supporters on Saturday exposed a widespread loathing in Germany for a team seen as upstarts. The club is challenging for Champions League football in its first ever season in the top flight.
Huddersfield Town transfer news: Colchester Town sign 19-year-old forward from Wrexham
A police officer who was seriously injured while restraining a "dangerously out of control" man has been awarded the Queen's Medal for bravery.Sgt Mark Wright was injured in February 2012 while restraining.
Many Clouds won the Cotswold Chase at Cheltenham's Festival Trials Day.
The new rules, brought in on Friday, also include stopping Syrian refugees travelling to the US until further notice
Doctors of the World charity said poor conditions at the camp posed "serious risk" to migrants.
Alexand Alexandre Bissonette has been charged with six counts of first-degree murder and five counts of attempted murder. Police have not said what motivated the alleged attacker, who opened fire at the Quebec Islamic Cultural Centre during evening prayers.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned an Iranian missile test as a violation of UN Security Council Resolution 2231, which calls upon Iran not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons.Iran has carried out several such tests since a 2015 nuclear deal which relaxed sanctions against the country.It is not yet clear what type of missile was launched, or if it explicitly violated the UN resolution.Iran's missile tests are controversial. While they do not break the terms of the nuclear deal between Iran and the major powers - this did not cover missile development - they may well be a violation.
Two shots were fired through windows of the house in Moneyleck Park at about 22:20 GMT on Monday
Morocco's readmission to the African Union has been accepted by more than two-thirds of the 53 members of the continental body.Morocco has been involved in intense lobbying and applied in July last year to rejoin the African body.King Mohammed VI of Morocco said the readmission was not meant to divide the continent.It was a "good opportunity" and "a chance to work together," a top Western Sahara official told the BBC.It is not clear what happens next but Western Sahara is hopeful that a committee set up by the AU will address the issues that both sides have raised.Some AU delegates said that
Nicole Clark used her mother Avril Stewart's bank details to set up online accounts.
Leicester Speedway have announced the appointment of Paul Bates as their new owner. Leicester Speedway are to announce the first signings any day, according to new owner Paul Bates.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said it was carrying out the review to see if there has been a change in circumstances which justifies their removal or variation.The CMA said it aimed to publish the results of the review in the summer.
Neil Gorsuch's nomination to the US Supreme Court is expected to be confirmed by the Senate on Monday. President Donald Trump's choice of Neil Gorsuch as his Supreme Court nominee is a fairly traditional pick in a decidedly untraditional time.He was picked from a shortlist of 21 choices, which Mr Trump made public during the election campaign.Judge Gorsuch has a CV and background that would make him a natural selection for just about any Republican president.The highest court in the US is often the ultimate arbiter on highly contentious laws, disputes between states and the federal government, and final appeals executions.If successful, his nomination will
Plymouth Argyle news: Liam Rooney joins Sunderland on loan until the end of the season
Fulham sign Ivory Coast striker Adama Cyriac from Anderlecht.
Hillsborough transfer news: Steve Rhodes joins Sheffield Wednesday on a permanent transfer. Sheffield Wednesday have completed the signing of Huddersfield striker Steve Rhodes from Middlesbrough for a fee believed to be £10m.
Ipswich Town: Jonny Williams joins Jonny Huws on loan from Crystal Palace. Jonathan Huws signs on a season-long loan from Reading and will be ineligible to face his parent club on Saturday.
Norwich City sign Wigan striker Willem Dijks. Norwich City have signed Wigan winger Willem dijks on a two-and-a-half-year contract after he requested a transfer from Wigan.
The deaths plunged the community in the town of Arnstein into mourning.Police say a wood-burning stove was in use at the hut, but other possible causes are still being investigated.
Amirah Droudis, 37, will spend at least 33 years behind bars for killing the woman -who cannot be identified - in 2013.Droudis's boyfriend, Man Haron Monis, took 18 people hostage in a Lindt cafe in central Sydney in 2014.The 16-hour siege ended with the deaths of Monis and two hostages when police stormed the building.
Four men, aged between 25 and 61, were arrested in Ashbourne, County Meath, on suspicion of drug trafficking offences.
Pirates of the Caribbean actor Johnny Depp's latest legal tussle comes in the wake of his divorce to Amber Heard.
The African Union (AU) has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC). The AU took the decision on Tuesday following a divisive debate at its annual heads of state of summit in Addis Ababa.
Munster's Conor Stander says Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw has promised more of the same on Saturday. Munster flanker Cian Healy believes Conor Murray will not be put at risk of injury against Scotland at Murrayfield. Conor Murray accused Glasgow of targeting him in his team's recent European game and Ireland flanker CJ Stander believes an effective Irish display will negate the issue. "We just need to make it easier for him to get the ball and let him play his game.
NHS Digital confirmed so many NHS staff use the search engine that it had started asking them to take a quiz to verify they were "not a robot".News site the Register reported one NHS Trust had told staff to "use Bing" instead.
Alex Cheesman has joined the Cornish Pirates on loan until the end of the season.
Celtic transfer news: Ikechukwu Ambrose signs for Blackburn Blackburn. Celtic transfer deadline day moves Celtic centre-back Ikeuchi Ambrose has signed for Blackburn Rovers on a free transfer from the Scottish champions.The Scottish FA says the paperwork for the player who joined Celtic from Ashdod in 2012 was completed in time before the 23:00 GMT deadline.
The National Grid said the upgrade was not needed as this time.SSE said the scheme, which was opposed by the National Trust for Scotland, could be proposed again in the future.
Brian O'Driscoll is the man to watch in this year's Six Nations. He is a very balanced guy. He can find space, he's elusive and break tackles."He has good leg drive. He has all the things that you need to succeed."Former Ireland international backs Tony Ward and Jonny Bell are excited about what impact Ringrose can have on the Six Nations Ringrose played his school rugby for Blackrock College in Dublin, although when he joined the senior side, he wasn't seen as one of their better players.Hopping from number nine to 15 and not being offered a permanent position,
Six Nations 2017: Wales' Owen Owens expects Italy to pose a serious challenge in Rome
Neil McEvoy said he was "not surprised" Mr Waters "wants to brush the failures of his government under the carpet."
The latest arrests came after the US Army was ordered to allow the construction of the final section of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Aaron Lewis, 26, was shot three times outside Anna Jungs in Grosvenor Road, Wavertree at about 19:00 GMT on Wednesday. He was taken to Aintree Hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
John Findlay, who was abused while a pupil in the care of Aberlour House in Moray, said money would be better spent supporting victims. He said the inquiry was "yet another process" rather than progress towards helping people.
Clive Weatherhogg was jailed last May after being found guilty by a jury.
The 19-year-old woman was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on Wednesday
Leinster v Italy: Iain Henderson named in Ireland squad. Ireland name a 23-man squad to face Italy in Rome on 11 February.
Motherwell's Mark Pearson returns to Scotland with an Indian Super League winner's medal and plenty of fond memories. Motherwell midfielder Mark Pearson has returned from a spell with Indian side Atletico Kolkata to join the Scottish Premiership club for the rest of the season. "It is a good place to come and work so it ticked all the boxes for me."
Brexit: David Davis says Welsh interests must be taken into account. Brexit minister David Davis has said the interests of Wales will continue to feature in all of the UK government's discussions on leaving the European Union. The UK government has published a White Paper, setting out its approach on Brexit, which lays out 12 principles including migration control, free trade and "taking control of our own laws".
"I thought it would be really fun, but it felt kind of like homework at work," says Emilie Telander, 26, a nurse at Svartedalen's elderly care home in Gothenburg. "I feel that I am more tired than I was before," she says.
Avon Fire Authority chairman to make statement on allegations. The chairman of the Avon and Somerset Fire Authority will make a statement at its next meeting on Friday.
The Lorenz SZ42 - known as Hitler's "unbreakable" cipher machine - is on loan to the National Museum of Computing.
Former Newcastle United defender Chris Taylor joins Ipswich Town until the end of the season. Chris Taylor says he was taken aback by an offer to clean his boots by a young Ipswich United player.
John Stevenson Wright was sentenced at Manchester Crown Court to 18 months for sexually abusing Darren Kenny
Scarlets' Alun Wyn Jones replaces Luke Charteris for Six Nations opener against Italy. Scarlets lock Luke Ball will step in for Wales against Italy in Rome on Sunday.
BBC Wales understands an advisory panel on creative industries recommends rejecting a request from University of Wales Trinity St David for up to £6m. The panel is concerned a similar hub already exists in Swansea.
Skelmersdale was designated a new town on 9 October 1961..It is one of the largest towns in the north west of England.
A 56-year-old man has been reported to the Procurator Fiscal over alleged historical abuse of a young girl.
Eastleigh extend Tyler Garratt's loan from Doncaster Rovers until 29 April. Eastleigh have announced the signing of Staines Town defender Tyler Cole on a two-and-a-half year deal.
4 February 2017 Last updated at 05:32
"Nearly half of Welsh milk is carted out of Wales to be processed and that puts us in a weak position. We saw that last year when there was an oversupply of milk and farmers in West Wales were in danger of not having a buyer for their milk."Looking forward we must try and attract new investment or increased processing in Wales. And obviously, to do that you need to work in a professional manner."
Cardiff City midfielder Peter Whittingham has an offer on the table from Cardiff City. Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has made it clear he will not withdraw his offer of a new contract for Cardiff City's midfielder Peter whittingham.
Yorkshire Diamonds head coach Simon Grayson has been appointed head coach of the Yorkshire women's Super League side. Yorkshire have appointed Simon Grayson as their new head coach for the 2017 Super League season.
Firefighters were called to the Froghall Gardens area at just after 10:25.
A woman who was charged with arranging a child sex offence has been stopped from pursuing the case.
Lady Gaga has been rehearsing for her Super Bowl halftime show in Houston, Texas, for the past week and a half.With a television audience of 110 million, it's one of the biggest platforms in the world - and Gaga has been putting in the hours to ensure her set is suitably spectacular.She has a high standard to live up to - notably Prince's show in 2007, which took place in the middle of a Miami thunderstorm and is widely accepted as the greatest performance in the event's history, if not Prince's career.Here are some of the other most memorable - and surprising - moments from the
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says he will not chase 'impossible' transfers. Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has said his squad contains players who "need time to go out of a comfort zone".
The United Nations has accused Myanmar's security forces of carrying out widespread human rights abuses against Rohingya Muslims, including rape and murder, in a report released on Thursday.The United Nations says more than 200 women and children have been raped or gang-raped by members of the army or police in Myanmar's Rakhine state.The report, released by the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Raad Al Hussein, said: "What kind of hatred could make a man stab a baby crying out for his mother's milk?"
Scotland coach Andrew Strauss says the Scotland players want to send Stuart Cotter out on a high. Andrew Strauss believes the Scotland squad will be ready for the departure of head coach Andrew Cotter at the end of the Six Nations season, as they prepare to take on Ireland in Saturday's opening day clash at the Murrayfield Stadium. Scotland boss Andrew Strauss is confident of a good send-off for his former head coach Steve Cotter, who will leave the Scotland job and be replaced by Gregor Townsend in the summer. Scotland captain Andrew Strauss insists the Scotland team will be prepared to send head coach Steven Cotter off on a
US sanctions on Iran's missile programme and groups that help to arm what Washington sees as terror organisations in the region.It is hard to see what practical impact these sanctions will have, since few of these organisations or individuals probably do business in the United States.But the sanctions sends a clear warning to Tehran the guard has changed in Washington.
Arsenal 2-1 Hull City. Alexis Sanchez scores a penalty in injury-time to give Arsenal a 1-1 draw at Hull City to move them up to third in the Premier League table, nine points behind leaders Chelsea.Alexis Sanchez scores the opening goal for Arsenal in the first half and adds a penalty to his side's 1-0 win over Hull City.Media playback is not supported on this device Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said: "It's a good result for us. It's a very good result. It is a good win for us."Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez celebrates after scoring a penalty against Hull
Garcia Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 to move 12 under
Essex Police say they have questioned a man originally from Tyneside but currently living in southern Spain.The man was not arrested but volunteered to be interviewed at a police station in the UK.
A white BMW 420 coupe struck the woman under a railway bridge on Bradford Road, Dewsbury
President-elect Donald Trump has said he would prefer to "get along with" Russian President Vladimir Putin than "not".There are a lot of killers. What do you think?
Liz Saville Roberts' private members' bill is aimed at giving victims more confidence in coming forward to report rape.
Two men wearing hooded tops made a purchase, then one asked the assistant for another item. When she opened the till, one of the men brought out a knife.
Emily Thornberry said Labour would not "frustrate Brexit" even if it failed to amend the bill.
A strange end to a night shift. 15-year-old lad driving a tractor as a taxi for his drunk mates.
Celtic striker Moussa Dembele says he is happy to be at the club. Moussa M Demonele insists he is not in talks with Chelsea over a move to the Premier League champions.
This lad wasn't even supposed to be on the pitch. The sheer presence of the Ivory Coast defender at the back for Sunderland was immediate, but did anyone expect the central defender on his return or to open the scoring against Crystal Palace?
A man has been airlifted to hospital with a serious leg injury after he was injured while training in the Annalong Valley in County Antrim.The casualty, who was with a group of paragliders, was airlifting off Slieve Gullion at about 15:00 GMT on Sunday.
The Anglo-Welsh Cup did not take place last year due to the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
Toyota says it has begun formal talks to work with Suzuki on projects including safety technology.The Japanese firm expects net profit in the year to March of 1.7 trillion yen.
Felix Alexander, from Worcester, was 17 when he was hit by a train on 27 April last yearHis mother Lucy Alexander has set up The Felix Project, launched at Pershore High School on MondayThe programme aims to help teachers spot the signs of a child being victimised
The attacker made the devices print a warning urging their owners to cut off remote access.Large printers in offices, domestic devices and tiny receipt printers in restaurants were all caught up in the hack.
China has one of the biggest air pollution problems in the world.
The Indian rapper who took on a multinational conglomerate has become the first woman leader in Tamil Nadu to be appointed to the post of the state's chief minister.Sasikala Natarajan, a close aide to the late chief minister J Jayalalitha, was appointed on Sunday.The decision has fuelled anger as she has never held public office.
England's Big Picture: How to submit pictures and videos. This week's theme is "love".
Tameside and Glossop Integrated Care NHS Foundation Trust has been rated as "good" by the Care Quality Commission.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon will address supporters from his campaign headquarters in Paris on Monday in what an aide describes as a "counter-offensive". French presidential contender François Fillon is due to address supporters in Paris in what is being described as a fight-back over allegations that his wife and two of his children were paid for non-existent parliamentary work. France's presidential candidate, Mr Fillon, is expected to address his supporters in a speech on Monday.
A man has been charged with racially or religiously aggravated assault after a woman was attacked outside a shop in Milton Keynes.
FGM in Wales: A charity is working to open a pilot clinic at the Cardiff Royal Infirmary to provide medical and psychological help to survivors of the practice. FGM is the partial or total removal of the female external genitalia or other injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons.
Wiltshire's Stonehenge is a World Heritage Site and one of the most important sites in the world, according to English Heritage and the National Trust.The site is a UNESCO World Heritage site and is home to the world's largest collection of ancient stone carvings and monuments.The public consultation on its plans for putting the A303 into a 1.8-mile (2.9km) dual carriageway tunnel runs until 5 March.
Sheffield Wednesday are set to pay £10m for on-loan striker Jordan Rhodes.
Check out her interview with Ricky to see what she had to say...
Sally Chidzoy said she was targeted after raising concerns when an MP appeared to convince a senior colleague to drop one of her stories.She further alleges she was "falsely imprisoned" by management during an attempt to seize her phone.She also claims she was sexually discriminated against and victimised.She said she investigated another story about the Centre for Business and Public Sector Ethics, which was receiving money from the Chinese government.She was informed BBC Look East editor Nikki O'Donnell was the "organisation's press spokesperson", the tribunal was told.
Calvapilosa is an ancient relative of modern molluscs.A mollusc is a type of animal that doesn't have a spine, there are lots of different kinds including slugs, snails, oysters and squid.
Coric goes on to face German fourth seed Alexander Zverev in the last 16.
Russia was suspended by governing body the IAAF for state-sponsored doping in November 2015.
Colin Gregg, 75, is said to have indecently assaulted four boys aged between 10 and 14 over three decades.
Many lizards can detach their tails when attacked, but fish-scale geckos have large scales that tear away with ease.
Archaeologists have found ancient earthworks, possibly 2,000 years old, in the western Brazilian Amazon. Archaeologists say they are unlikely to be villages, since archaeologists have recovered very few artefacts during excavation.
The UK-India Year of Culture 2017 is a cultural exchange between Wales and India.
LastLast year's final was won by Ronnie O'Sullivan
Essilor and Luxottica are the world's number one manufacturer of lenses and contact lenses.
Alastair Cook: Joe Root favourite to replace England captain. Joe Root is the favourite to take over as England captain, according to former England wicket-keeper James Anderson.
Sajid Javid's White Paper on housing. The government has released its much-hyped White Paper today on its plans to build 250,000 new homes every year, but many have yet to be convinced that this White Paper amounts to a "realistic plan" to achieve that.
Clive Lewis was one of 52 Labour MPs to defy party orders to back the bill and he resigned from the front bench.He said he "cannot, in all good conscience, vote for something I believe will ultimately harm the city I have the honour to represent, love and call home".
"completely incorrect", he told Radio 4's Today.Mr Morgan was speaking after Redrow revealed strong half-year results.The company reported that completed house sales were up 13% in the six months to December 2016 to 2,459 compared with the same period last year and pre-tax profits were up 35% to £140m.Redrow and other big builders have enjoyed big growth in profits for the last three years, but Mr Morgan said the industry was rebuilding its profitability after suffering heavy losses in the financial crisis.The housing White Paper proposed forcing housebuilders
The AA has reported a rise in personal memberships of 0.4% to 3,335,000 in the six months to the end of January.
Morton boss Mark Duffy: 'A Morton win would be a monumental upset'. Morton manager Mark Duffy says a play-off spot will be a "monumental upset" if his side beat Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie at Ibrox.
Hull have signed Hull winger Curtis Naughton from Bradford.
Welsh Government agrees to sign over some land near the entrance to Pembrey Country Park. Welsh Cycling has agreed to build a new cycle park near the main entrance to a popular country park.
An accident in Dumfries and Galloway has highlighted the perils of delivering huge wind turbine parts on country roads.
A woman has accused a nightclub of racism after she and her friends were refused entry to a night out in Nottingham.She said she then stood by and watched as groups of white people walked into the club.In response, Volt told the BBC it had always "welcomed a diverse audience", including people of different races.Live updates and more from Nottinghamshire
Pythefnos yn ôl dywedodd Ken Skates y byddai'n rhaid i'r cwmni sy'n ceisio cael cefnogaeth ar gyfer Cylchffordd Cymru roi mwy o fanylion am fuddsoddwyr.Mae'r datblygwyr, Cwmni Datblygu Blaenau'r Cymoedd, bydd y gwaith adeiladu'n dechrau yn y gwanwyn os yw'r
The UK and the EU have agreed to a free trade agreement with the World Trade Organisation (WTO). The UK's new schedule will have to have the consent of the other WTO members. It is administratively easier and less likely to be contested if we stick with the arrangement that we already have, as the UK's ambassador to the WTO, Julian Braithwaite, wrote in his blog: "So to minimise any grounds for objection, we plan to replicate our existing trade regime as far as possible in our new schedules."However, the UK would be free to apply lower tariffs. In some cases it is
Scotland started their Six Nations campaign with a thrilling first win over Ireland in four yearsScotland beat France for the first time in 10 years last season at home, but have lost on their past nine trips to Paris"It is a long time ago since we won there but we understand there is a reason for that," said LaidlawFrance are a good team and it is a hard place to win.
Former Liverpool striker John St John says he has dementia as a result of playing the game.
Councils in England are being allowed to raise the tax by 6% over two years to plug a care funding gap.
Cardiff Blues' fly-half Gareth Anscombe believes he can play at international level despite being sidelined with a groin injury. Cardiff Blues fly-halves flanker Gareth Anscomb says he is in line to play against Connacht at the Arms Park on Sunday in the Challenge Cup.
There are also 22 independent candidates in the field.The constituency with the fewest - nine - is Newry and Armagh.
The swarm first appeared over a week ago near the low-lying eastern city of Santa Cruz.
Derry Bloody Sunday march: John Kelly, whose brother Michael was killed in the 1972 atrocity, said the march was a "deliberate insult" to the people of Derry.
NBA 2K ELeague will start playing in 2018. The NBA and video game developer Take-Two Interactive have announced a partnership to create an e-sports league in partnership with the NBA.
Welsh Labour MP Christina Rees is the fourth MP to hold the shadow Welsh secretary's job under Jeremy Corbyn.
Imani Wiltshire was discovered on the lower deck of the bus in Stratford, east London, on 28 September.
Council maintained schools are rated good or outstanding by Ofsted - so they should be allowed "to play a direct role in raising education standards".
Dover Dover have been allowed to sign defender Sam N'Gala following talks with the Football Association and English Football League.
Radio 4's Today programme recorded its highest ever audience.
John McCowen dies aged 91: 'One of the most highly-regarded actors of his generation'. The actor, born in 1925, was best known for his role as James Bond in 1983's Never Say Never Again.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man accused of killing 10 Protestant workmen in 1976 near the County Armagh village of Kingsmills.A file was passed to the PPS in August last year following the arrest of the suspect in Newry. The Public Prosecutor's Office (PPP) has said there is no reasonable prospect of a conviction, based on the available evidence and that the test for prosecution is therefore not met.The sole survivor of the atrocity, Alan Black, expressed disappointment that no-one has been held to account for the murders.However, he added:
Barrow transfer news: Ruairi Keating, centre-back Anderson, striker Keating. Former Aldershot and Exeter player RuairI Keating joins Barrow from Port Vale on a one-year deal.
The Oil and Gas Technology Centre will partly fund the work while also acting as a bridge between small tech firms and the big oil producers.
Confederation Cup 2012: Liberian side Kabylie 2-0 win over Algerian side. Liberian Liberians beat Algeria side KabYLie to advance to the round of 32 of the Confederation Cup, while Algeria's Mouloudia Alger were eliminated from the competition.Liberia Liberians thrash Algeria's Al Hilal Benghazi 4-0 in Monrovia to reach the quarter-finals of Africa's second-tier club competition.
Independent special schools receive extra time, typically more than three hours to complete a two-and-a-half hour exam, because of special needs or disabilities like dyslexia.In 2015-16, the proportion of students who received extra time in independent special schools was more than one in eight. The proportion was significantly higher than those who received the special measure in state schools where the figure is fewer than one.
Here's Ayshah with all you need to know!
The male in his early 30s was found with critical injuries in North Woolwich Road
The Office of Rail and Road (ORR) wants train companies to refund passengers who accidentally buy tickets that are too expensive for their journey.
PyeongChang 2018: Brittany Potter competes in Germany this weekend looking to improve on her season best finish of 26th place claimed in the USA on 21 January
Irish Travellers may have split from settled people 360 years ago, new research suggests. Genetic analysis of the Irish Traveller population has confirmed that it has an Irish ancestry, according to new research.The research was carried out by scientists from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, University College Dublin, the University of Edinburgh and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Donald Trump's travel ban on citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries has been blocked by a US appeals court, but the US Supreme Court is expected to hear the case in the next few days.The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that halted the order.Mr Trump responded with an angry tweet saying national security was at risk and there would be a legal challenge.But the 3-0 unanimous ruling said the government had not proved the terror threat justified reviving the ban.The ruling means that people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen
News Corp reported a loss of $219m (Â£175.1m) compared with the same time last year when profits were $106m.
Hundreds of whales have beached themselves at a New Zealand beach in one of the largest mass beachings recorded in the country, officials say.About 300 have already died at Farewell Spit, on the South Island.
Body of man, believed to be in his 70s, found in house fire in St Leonards. The blaze is being treated as unexplained.
"You've got to have the accountability, because if people in your organisation don't know what they're doing and how it affects the customers, you've got a disconnect problem," says Steve Whitman, chief executive of Hewlett Packard Enterprise. "If you want to get something done, you stand up and start driving that," he says. "But what if the rest of the staff feel that one worker has made a terrible decision? "At least you did the thing that was right in the moment - and then we can have a discussion about it. You can explain why it is that you thought this was a
How is this affecting children who get injured and need to go to hospital?
It was formed in 1863 and is the oldest football association in the world. As the first ever football association, it does not need to call itself the "English" FA. It controls many different competitions, the most famous of which is the FA Cup. It is also responsible for appointing the manager of the men's, women's,
A lorry has crashed into a house at a level crossing in Herefordshire and is likely to be closed for most of the day.The house is damaged but inspections are still going on to see how bad the situation is, Martin Lown from Hereford & Worcester Fire and Rescue Service
The government says council tax is expected to be lower in real terms at the end of this Parliament than it was in 2010.
Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says his side can fight to win the Premier League title. Chelsea manager Antonio Conse says his team are "very strong" and can fight for the title.
Scott Flynn was spotted putting two packages in his mouth at police headquarters in DundeeHe planned on taking the drugs into Perth Prison to pay off a debtDepute fiscal Eilidh Robertson told Dundee Sheriff Court that the packages contained almost 40g of heroin and just over 3g of cannabis resinShe said forensic officers had estimated the total maximum value of the heroin at £3,860However, if the accused had intended to resell these drugs once remanded to prison then the value could be as much as five times that"Flynn admitted charges of theft, vandalism and being concerned in the supply of drugs on 8 November last
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder, West Yorkshire Police said.
Russia and Turkey say an air strike in Syria's rebel-held town of al-Bab was a "mistake" that killed 11 Turkish soldiers and wounded 11 others. Russia says its air strike on the Islamic State group's last stronghold in Aleppo province was a mistake, but Turkey says the troops had been at the building for 10 days.
The Tinbergen Building, which houses the departments of zoology and experimental psychology, will be closed from Monday.
A report by the Commons Communities and Local Government (CLG) Committee has urged councils to find new ways to fund and manage parks. A report has urged local authorities to find innovative ways to manage public parks and green spaces. The UK has about 27,000 public parks attracting 2.6 billion visits a year.
Scarlett Keeling was 15 when she was raped and killed while on the "trip of a lifetime" in GoaPlacido Carvalho, 49, and Samson D'Souza, 37 were accused of killing her but acquitted in 2016The men denied charges of culpable homicide, grievous sexual assault, destroying evidence, assault with criminal force with intent to outrage a woman's modesty and administering drugs with intent
Grimsby Town 3, Mansfield Town 0: Calum Dyson double and first-half goal from Chris Clements help Mariners to first win in five League Two games. Callum Bolarinwa (Grimsby Town) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom left corner.Tom Bennett (Mansfield Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Second yellow card to Hayden White (MANSfield Town).Gavin Gunning is shown a yellow card after a foul in the penalty area.Tom Bolarinowa (M
Harry White (Solihull Moors) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Daniel Udoh (Bromley) is sent off with five minutes remaining - just eight minutes after coming off the bench.Lewis Dennis replaces Connor Dymond.Jordan Wynter replaces Lee Minshull.George Carline replaces George Carline.Jordan Higgs replaces Jordan Higgs.Harry White replaces Lewis Dennis.George Carroll replaces George Carroll.Jordan Carroll replaces Jordan Carroll.Harry Carline (Solley Moors).First Half begins.Lineups are announced and players are warming up.First Half ends, Bromley
IHAT was set up in 2010 to examine allegations against UK servicemen and women made by Iraqi civilians.More than 3,500 allegations of abuse have been taken up by the team since 2010, despite many cases not having any credible evidence, said the Defence Committee report.It described a "catalogue of serious failings", including service personnel and veterans being contacted unannounced and covert surveillance apparently being used on serving and retired members of the armed forces.The Ministry of Defence said the department had done its "utmost" to support those under investigation, which included funding all their legal costs, providing pastoral support and tackling issues in the
A body has been recovered from the River Nith near Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino: "It is difficult to fight for the Premier League if you show that lack of desire to play for a win."
Jordan Spieth shoots seven-under-par 65 to move into share of the lead at the Tournament of ChampionsJordan Spieth celebrates his seventh win of the season at the TOURNAMENT OF CHAMPIONS.
Firefighters were called to a blaze in Kilmaurs Road at 23:40 on Saturday.The woman, local resident Catherine Kelly, was pronounced dead at the scene. A 41-year-old man was taken to Crosshouse Hospital where medical staff described his condition as stable.
Brian Mujati has joined Ospreys from Northampton Saints on a one-year deal.Ospreys tight heads Dmitri Arhip and Ma'afu Fia are currently sidelined.
Prisoner distress, self-harm and suicide attempts are too often seen as signs of manipulation, rather than vulnerability, research by the Centre for Mental Health and the Howard League for Penal Reform found.
Hibernian or Hearts will host the winners of another replay, between Clyde and Ayr United.
The 825 squadron was based at RAF Manston in the Channel.
A member of staff sustained a serious head injury during the attack.
Best bits we heard backstage at the Baftas. Here are some of the best bits from the awards ceremony at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
Aston Villa 1-0 Newcastle United: Dwight Gayle limps off with hamstring injury. Yoan Gouffran scores the opening goal for Newcastle United and Henri Lansbury scores the equaliser for Aston Villa in a 1-1 draw at St James' Park. Aston Villa striker Scott Hogan is carried off on a stretcher after suffering a hamstring injury in the first half of the Championship clash between Aston Villa and Newcastle United.Yoan Gayle (Newcastle United) right footed shot from more than 40 yards on the right wing is high and wide to the right from a direct free kick.Conceded by
Adele's victory over Beyonce is certain to boost complaints that the Grammys habitually overlook black artists.Several artists, including Frank Ocean and Kanye West, chose to skip this year's ceremony on that basis.
A teenager has been charged with causing the death of a man after he was hit by a car in Manchester.
A hospital spokesperson said the quote was reviewed and "firmly rejected".
Isle of Man Steam-Packet Company confirmed no passengers or crew were injured.
Roedd Ashley Talbot yn 15 oed pan fu farw.Ar ôl y digwyddiad yn Rhagfyr 2014 cafodd gyrrwr y bws, athro yn yr ysgol, ei gwestiynu gan yr heddlu ac yna ei ryddhau.Cafodd bachgen arall ei anafu yn y digwdiad.Dywedodd Ann Rees, oedd yn cael ei hadnabod fel Ann Carhart yn broffesi
All matches played in Colombo & start at 04:30 GMT.
The Met Office said gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) could occur locally, particularly to the west of the mountains
Jono Jono Gibbes has been appointed head coach of Ulster.The 40-year-old former New Zealand player is currently forwards coach.
Steam Direct will let developers get their games onto the service without first having to win over audiences to a title.In a statement setting out how Steam Direct will work, Valve said developers would be able to publish directly after they completed a sign-up process.The process will require developers to submit the same sort of information they would need to open a bank account, said Valve.In addition, it added, developers will have to pay a publishing fee.Valve said it had not yet decided how much this would be, but after consulting developers it said it could range from $100 (Â£80) to $5000 per title
Edinburgh Airport said more than 781,000 passengers passed through its doors last month, a year-on-year increase of 11.7%.
Sunderland goalkeeper Amy Laws signs for Durham. Sunderland keeper Amy Laws has signed for WSL 2 club Durham.
Charlton Athletic are investigating an abusive remark by a volunteer towards an opposition employee.
Swansea winger Nathan Dyer will undergo surgery on a hamstring injury, the club said on Monday.The 29-year-old limped off after just seven minutes of the 2-0 win over Leicester City on Sunday.
I've been involved as a player-manager, rather than just a midfielder.It's been a great experience for me to be involved with Melbourne and winning the Australian Women's Grand Final against Perth Glory is another career highlight.We made history by being the first team to retain their title and that is phenomenal.To fly away from home and win it 2-0 truly was one of the best feelings I've had in a long time.The experience of this whole campaign I've just had with City is probably one of a kindI certainly want to continue in football beyond playing, but who knows if the opportunity will ever
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker said the UK may want to be more "obliging" to certain countries to secure future commercial advantages.
Hitler lookalike in Braunau am Inn. A man has been spotted having his photograph taken outside the house where Adolf Hitler was born in Austria, police say.
Met Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe told an audience at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) that firearm officers needed greater public support.
Anthony Watson (Bath Rugby) and Ben Youngs (Leicester Tigers).
The final stretch of the $3.8bn (Â£3bn) pipeline is being built under a North Dakota reservoir.
It's part of a celebration of the re-opening of the Settle to Carlisle line in Cumbria which had to be closed after landslides damaged the railway line.
A section of the pier that gave way on 1 February is to be removed from the Isle of Wight Council's historic pavilion.The report said because of the risk of further collapse, the council could not wait for consent to begin work.Work on the "dangerous" structure is expected to take about three weeks.
Donald Trump may have got those looking for love logging in, has that other first-date conversational taboo - Brexit - had much of an impact on eHarmony and its choice of European headquarters?
Martin will replace Bruce Anstey in the team, who won last year's race.
A Care Inspectorate report has found that some staff at Kingsmead in Kingswells were not treating people with "dignity and respect".
Bloody Sunday anniversary parade in Coleraine. A campaign group has lodged a fresh application with the Parades Commission to hold a parade to mark the anniversary of the Bloody Sunday killings of 14 soldiers in Northern Ireland.The original plan was to hold the march in Derry on the same date.However relatives of Bloody Sunday victims objected, saying it was an "insult" to the people of the city.John Kelly, whose brother was one of 14 victims killed by soldiers in 1972, had described the original plan as "an act of pure provocation".
Jake Sheppard (Dagenham and Redbridge) is shown the yellow card.Lee Minshull (Bromley) is given a straight red card.Jake Sheppard is given his marching orders by the referee.First Half begins.Lineups are announced and players are warming up.Second Half ends, Dagenham 1, Bromley 1.Jake Hanlan (Daggers) scores the opening goal of the game. Jake Hanlan scores the first goal of his career.Jake Heppell (Draggers) celebrates with his team-mates after scoring the opener of the match. Jake Hepp
Eastleigh 0, Macclesfield Town 1. Adam Dugdale (Eastleigh) is shown the yellow card.Adam Dugdale replaces Rhys Browne.Second Half begins Eastleigh 1-0 Macclesfordsfield Town Eastleigh 2-1 Macclesford TownEastleigh 0-1Macclesfield 1-1 EastleighEastleigh Eastleigh scored the opening goal of the game in the seventh minute when Rhys Brown found the bottom corner of Ryan Clarke's net.Eastleigh nearly equalised in the 70th minute but Ayo Obileye's header clattered against a post.Match ends, East
Daryl Mitchell becomes the 14th chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association (PCA). Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of Worcestershire Cricket Association.
The embryo may have been around half a metre long and is positioned inside the rib cage of the adult Dinocephalosaurus fossil, which was discovered in 2008 in Luoping County, Yunnan Province in southern China.The fossil was found in the same area as a group of aquatic crocodile relatives - whose mode of reproduction was not well known.This led some scientists to wonder whether there was something in their biology that prevented live births.But examination of the fossil remains of a very long-necked, 245 million-year-old marine reptile from China revealed it was carrying an embryo.Jun Liu, first author of
Wasps 31-21 Sale. Wasps hold on to beat Sale at AJ Bell Stadium to go as much as 10 points clear of Saracens and Exeter in the Premiership table.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a stress fracture in his foot.Jesus was taken off in the 15th minute at Vitality Stadium after appearing to pick up the foot injury.City said in a statement: "He will undergo further examinations in the coming days to establish the extent of his layoff."Jesus was hoping to become the third City player to find the net on each of his first three Premier League starts, having scored at West Ham and two against Swansea.The other two players to have achieved that feat are former striker Emmanuel Adebayor and and current midfielder Kevin de Bru
Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes says he is not interested in Rangers job. Aberdeen manager Derek McIngnes says his focus is on his side's Scottish Cup fifth-round win over Greenock Morton.
Mike Nesbitt said: "Domination doesn't work, partnership does."
Cyngor Gwynedd's cabinet has agreed to hold a new formal consultation on plans for the Ysgol y Berwyn site. The Diocese of St Asaph said it was "disappointed but not surprised" by the decision.
Police Scotland said the first incident took place at about 13:20 on 3 February when a Chilean man was approached by a man who asked him to take his photograph.
Graeme Wood, national correspondent for The Atlantic argues the rise of so-called Islamic State is a kind of Reformation within Islam.
A jury has been discharged from a rape trial after a matter arose and he heard legal submissions.The trial had only just begun at the High Court in Livingston on Monday.Dismissing the jury members, judge Lord Woolman told them: "In the light of submissions made to me I regret that I'm going to discharge you as a jury and continue this case until tomorrow."I'm not in a position to tell you the exact reasons for that all I can tell you is that there are very good reasons."I very much regret that this has happened, but sometimes matters occur which are outwith our control.
Venezuelan Vice-President Tareck el-Aissami is the highest-ranking Venezuelan official ever to be sanctioned by the US, which has not exchanged ambassadors with the country since 2010.
The Scottish government has said equality is "embedded" in its economic strategy and "at the heart of ambitions for a socially just and inclusive Scotland".
I'm happy to be at a great club," he said.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) data showed the jobless total rose by 6,000 between October and December, to stand at 135,000.
A man has been jailed after he assaulted a member of staff at a post office in Balerno. Steven McIvor, 32, was one of two thieves who targeted the Letterbox Bistro.
He particularly likes visiting the Wilko store, sleeping on rugs and saying hello to customers.
The Welsh Assembly's Children, Young People and Education Committee was quizzing Estyn about its annual report, on Wednesday.
Fester was handed in to the Dogs Trust near Darlington in December after being found wandering the streets as a stray
Glasgow Warriors sign South Africa centre Jamie Kebble. Glasgow Warriors have signed South African centre Jamie "Kebble" Bekker from the Stormers and Western Province in South Africa for the Pro12 season.
She was recently awarded the African Women's Player of the Year Award.
Swindon Town: Luke Williams says the matter will be dealt with "in house".
A man has died after an accident with a chainsaw on a tree in Southwark, London.The man, believed to be in his thirties, suffered neck injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene outside Southwark Park Primary School.
Kilmarnock appoint Lee McCulloch as interim manager. KilMarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their interim manager until the end of the season, replacing Chris Brass.
Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games gold medallist Ricky Taylor says he is ready to fight WBA super-lightweight champion Ricky Burns.
Exeter Chiefs boss Stuart Baxter: 'We weren't performing either as a team or individually at the intensity that you need to to demand an international selection'
DependingOn your medical needs, the NHS may contribute to your costs.You stay in your own home while getting help with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing and eating.You live in a care home that provides round-the-clock support for everyday tasks and nursing care.
Sharnford speed monitor: More than 13,000 motorists drove above 50mph in a 30mph zone in the past year and 562,000 since November 2015
Elderly man found dead after fire in Elgin Road at its junction with Inchbroom Road. An elderly man has died after a fire at a house in Elgham.
A woman has stepped through the hole in a car tyre and became wedged inside.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on the sidelines of a G20 meeting in Germany as part of his first foreign trip in his new job.He said the US was willing to co-operate with Russia if Moscow lived up to its commitments.But the new administration's diplomatic initiative comes as questions are raised about the Trump team's dealings with Russia dating back to last year's election campaign.US intelligence services have concluded that Moscow hacked into emails of President Donald Trump's Democratic opponents during the election.Mr Tillerson, who as ExxonMobil CEO was perceived to be close to the Russian leadership, told
BBC Music Day: Five people and places that could benefit from a blue plaque. Here are five people, places and events that could be honoured with a plaque on a building where they lived or a venue where they became famous.
A petition to the assembly wants it to be mandatory to scan microchips of all pets, dead or alive.
BarclaysJP Morgan and HSBC are among 17 banks named as part of the two-year investigation.Banks colluded, using online chat rooms.
Blackburn Rovers have been charged with failing to ensure players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion.
The Burrell collection consists of more than 8,000 artefacts but fewer than a fifth of them have been on show at any one time
The FA has submitted a claim that the standard punishment, a three-match ban, would be "clearly insufficient".
City failed to ensure their information was accurate on three occasions.
Liverpool Mayor Joe Anderson's plans include reducing call centre opening hours, reviewing libraries and increasing the number of "in-house" foster carers. He also suggests opening car parks longer and introducing a premium service for bulky item collections to raise funds.
Google has said it has cracked a way to predict weather with enough accuracy to make it possible to hover balloons over a relatively small area for a long period of time.The company’s Project Loon is a network of huge, tennis-court sized balloons that are used to beam internet connectivity to remote areas of the world.The balloons float in the stratosphere around 11 miles high. By raising or lowering altitude, the balloons can be caught in different weather streams, changing direction.
This picture shows how Bill Shorten is unafraid to caricature his opponents, with a reference to right-wing senator Cory Bernardi, who he once described as a homophobe.This image of a volcanic, man-mountain can be read in different ways.Some insiders suggest he is best positioned to be the next PM if Mr Turnbull was toppled... there may be trouble brewing.Peter Dutton, Minister for ImmigrationThe former police officer is in charge of immigration, and so is responsible for Australia's controversial offshore detention centres on Manus Island and Nauru.His candid comments regularly make the headlines,
Hong Kong police officers have been found guilty of assaulting a social worker and activist during the 2014 pro-democracy protests.
A man who brutally murdered a 15-year-old defenceless child has been given more time off his sentence.Paige Leatham was stabbed 61 times after she stopped at his delicatessen in Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, in March.The teenager's body was found in woods in March last year.Leathem admitted her murder and claimed to have "panicked" after Paige threatened to report him for sexual assault after she applied for a job.His car was filmed on CCTV at the site where her body was dumped - a wooded area close to Glasgow's Great Western Road, less than
Here's a round-up in case you missed anything:
John Kane filmed more than 60 women in the Central Retail Park and a nearby supermarket last July.The 67-year-old also secretly recorded children playing outside a nearby Next store.Kane was placed on the sex offenders register ahead of sentencing on 30 March at Falkirk Sheriff Court.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Paul Gustafsson: 'We've still got to go out and do it'. Newcastle Falcons coach Gustafson: 'I want people to look at our combativeness and 'never willing to lie down' attitude.
Watford FC: Statue to be erected at Watford's Vicarage Road ground. A statue celebrating the career of Watford manager Graham Taylor will be erected in Hertfordshire, the club has announced.
The Scottish government contribution to the project has been estimated at about £32.5m.
Elderly people in care homes in Wales are being "chemically coshed" by the inappropriate use of antipsychotic drugs, Wales' health commissioner has said. Elderly care home residents are being inappropriately prescribed antipsychotics in Wales, the health commissioner in Wales has said.In 2014, Sarah Rochira published the results of a major review of the experience of care.
Leader of the Welsh Conservatives David Davies has written to the assembly's presiding officer asking her to remind AMs to use more appropriate language.
Larry Nassar faces up to life in prison if convicted.
A40 between Nantgaredig and Whitemill is closed and diversions are in place following the incident at about 18:15 GMT on Friday.
Martyn Graham, 58, also seriously injured two other motorists in the crash of the A421 Bedford bypass on 12 January 2016.A web cam in his cab showed the brake lights ahead for 17 seconds before the collision.Wayne Cleaver, prosecuting, told Luton Crown Court the couple who died were grandparents Martin Spratt, 70 and his wife Evelyn, 68, of Buckden.
Gloucester have played away from their Meadow Park home since a flood in 2007
Motherwell 1, Dundee 5: Jules own goal gives Dee victory. Motherwell beat Dundee to record their biggest away win of the season with a 5-1 victory over the Dens Park men. The Well defence then went missing, with a Marcus Haber double and goals from Mark O'Hara and Craig Wighton making it 5-0 at half time. The visitors were moving the ball around efficiently and they were back in front when Haber fired a right-foot shot across Samson into the bottom right hand corner of the net.
Hull City v Burnley: Squad news. Hull City face Burnley in the FA Cup third round at Turf Moor on Saturday. Hull head coach Marco Silva: "The pressure always stays with the team and the coaches. We want to win and prove ourselves on the pitch."
Ivan Cameron, who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy, died in hospital aged six in February 2009.David Cameron had been an MP for less than a year when Ivan was born in 2002, and became prime minister the year after Ivan died.Mrs Cameron said: "From the moment he is born, you are living in a situation that is quite surreal and difficult to deal with."It is intense every day, in and out of hospitals... in a way, that prepared me for Dave being prime minister, because I was used to living and operating a way that's not normal."When Ivan died, she said, the outside
Mako Vunipola and brother Billy have become England regulars since joining Saracens.
Queen of the South 2-3 Dundee United
The accident happened as the train was departing Leuven station at a slow speed
The fears that the deal could lead to job losses.The French carmaker wants to buy General Motors' loss-making European arm, which includes Vauxhall plants at Luton and Ellesmere Port.Vauxhall employs 4,500 workers at the two UK plants, with thousands more involved in its retail and components chain.
Sheffield shooting: Man dies after being shot in Upperthorpe. A man has died after he was shot outside a house in Sheffield in a number of shootings in recent weeks.
Ospreys coach Andy Tandy: 'There are question marks over the officiating'. Ospires head coach Andrew Tandy is frustrated with the way the refereeing in the Munster game has been going and feels his side should have seen the match out and kept the pressure on Leinster and Munster.Ospreys head coach Andy Roddy Tandy says there are "question marks" over the way refereeing is going in Munster's victory over his side in the Guinness Pro12. OSPREYS head coach and head coach of the Pro12, Andrew Roddy, is unhappy with
Leicester lose to League One side Millwall in FA Cup. Leicester are fighting relegation and were beaten in the FA Cup by Millwall.
Mosul: Humanitarian priority. The UN humanitarian co-ordinator for Iraq, Lise Grande, tells the BBC Iraq had made this its priority when it won back the east of Mosul.
The Bench won best original screenplay of a foreign language film at the London International Filmmaker Festival.
Ireland women's Twenty20 internationals: Ireland lose by 36 runs in rain-affected contest in Colombo. Ireland's Heather Shillington has announced she will retire from international cricket after the Women's T20 World Cup qualifier against South Africa.
World Club Series 2017: Wigan win over Brisbane. Wigan coach Shaun Wane says Super League clubs have shown that the annual series between NRL and Super League can be competitive. Super League champions Wigan beat the Brisbane Broncos to win the 2017 World Club Challenge and become the first team from England to be crowned world champions since Leeds in 2012.
The child's body was found in a river yards from his family's home at Milton of Drimmie, according to the Scottish Daily Mail.The Scottish Sun reports that the shocking discovery was made around an hour after he was reported missing.His disappearance triggered a major search and rescue operation along the banks of the fast-flowing River Ericht.
The world's biggest tech companies know they're dominated by white men, and many are funding schemes to address that. But is Uber really any more sexist than other tech giants in the Valley?
Lukasz Robert Pawlowski, 33, stabbed himself before Haverfordwest magistrates on 11 January.
Homosexual acts are illegal in the East African nation and punishable by up to 30 years in jail.But Hamisi Kigwangalla argued that homosexuality did not scientifically exist and was a social construct.In a tweet written in Swahili and English he said: "Have you ever come across a gay goat or bird?
Google confirmed the plan to the BBC's Newsround programme, saying it wanted […].
Business groups and some Tory MPs have warned of high street store closures.
The small objects were hidden by artist Luke Jerram for his installation Treasure City, with clues hidden in paintings at the 20-21 Arts Centre
Ju Juhel Miah had flown to Reykjavik, Iceland, with the party from Llangatwg Community before boarding an onward flight to New York But before the plane took off on 16 February, he was escorted off by security staff.
James Bisset, 23, of Yatton, struck the pedestrians with his Volvo in Nailsea near Bristol, last February.Alex Gould, 18, later died in hospital.
The report, entitled The Big Spin, argues IS took advantage of corruption to radicalise and recruit people, presenting itself as the antidote while ignoring its own dishonest activities.
Sneyd has found a home at Salford. Former Super League star SneyD has found himself a new home at Hull FC after signing a new contract at the end of this season.
Clyde have played fewer games as a result of a run to the fifth round of the Scottish Cup that ended last midweek after they lost 2-1 in extra-time at home to Championship outfit Ayr United "I'm not going to use it as an excuse," said the Bully Wee boss, whose side were praised for their display against the full-time visitors "We try to do everything properly, the recovery - we went and got protein shakes, recovery shakes, we took them up the night before, which we normally don't do because it is a bit of a cost to the club."But it just wasn't good
Bury 2, Coventry City 1.  Bury    2,  Coventry   City   1   James Vaughan claimed a 16th-minute opener for the Shakers before strike partner Tom Pope doubled their lead on 40 minutes. Bury 1,   Coventry City 0   Tom Pope (Bury) header from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal.Conceded by Kwame Thomas.Corner, Bury. Tom Beadling   wins a free kick in the attacking half.James Vaughan (B
Eastleigh 0, Aldershot Town 1.Craig McAllister (Eastleigh) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Substitution, Eastleigh.Shamir Fenelon replaces Bernard Mensah.First Half begins.Lineups are announced and players are warming up.Second Half begins Eastleigh 1, Aldreshot Town 0.  Eastleigh 2, Aldshot 1.    First Half ends Eastleigh 3, Aldeshot Town 2.  Second Half begins   West Bromwich Albion 0, West Ham United 0.Eastleigh 0-0 Aldersot Town
The latest threats bring the number of incidents to 69 in the past month, according to the JCC Association of North America.
Duns, Hawick, Peebles and Selkirk saw numbers rise with a regionwide increase of 1% last year compared with 2015.
Jacob McIntyre's body was recovered from the River Ericht at Cally Bridge, near Blairgowrie, at about 12:35 on Sunday.
Texas lawmakers have passed a resolution urging Texans not to use the Chilean flag emoji in digital forums when referring to the Lone Star Flag of the state.The resolution was introduced in the Texas House of Representatives on Tuesday and passed by a voice vote in the Senate on Wednesday.The language of the bill, which was introduced by Rep. Tom Oliverson, a Republican from Houston, is not clear, but it is expected to be passed by the Senate.The Chilean flag is a fine design. Maybe it's the second best flag, who knows, we're not getting into a contest here. The important thing, though,
New Zealand-born Solomona will be available for England later this year. Sale Sharks winger Tevita Monye believes he is good enough for England to be considered for Eddie Jones' side. New Zealand winger Taulupe Faletau has been named in England's squad for the 2015 World Cup squad by head coach Eddie Jones.Sale Sharks' Sale director of rugby Steve Diamond has said he is confident that the 23-year-old is a "top-drawer professional".Solomona won a rugby league cap for Samoa last year, but that would not affect him meeting residency criteria.
Who's going to be there, who's performing, and what's the prize going to look like?
A blogger posted screenshots suggesting a Carmarthenshire councillor shared a Facebook post by a far-right group.
MyTravelPass, which gave 16-18 year olds a third off bus travel, will now continue beyond April until a new scheme is in place.
Laura Muir will be joined in her races by Eilish McColgan, Steph Twell and Guy Learmonth
Hull FC 8-8 Catalans. Hull FC's Liam Watts pounces to touch down to put the Black and Whites ahead again, but Liam Walsh kicks Catalans Dragons to victory. Liam Watts scores a late try to put Hull FC ahead in the second half as the hosts beat Catalans to win their second away game of the season. Hull Fonua, Tuimavave, Griffin, Talanoa; Connor, Sneyd; Taylor, Houghton, Watts, Manu, Minichiello, Ellis.Replacements: Green, Bowden, Washbrook, Thompson.Sin Bin: Watts
Google is developing a network of huge balloons to provide connectivity to rural areas around the world, known as Project Loon.Facebook's Project Aquila involves building solar-powered aircraft which will fly for months at a time above remote places, beaming down an internet connection.
FC Porto 0, Juventus 2: Pjaca and Dybala strike in Champions League win. Paulo Pjacaca and Dani Alves score in the Champions League as Juventus beat Porto 2-0 at the San Siro to keep their hopes of a first win in the competition since 1996. Paul Pjakacca scores in the first half as Juventus win 2-1 at Porto to keep the Serie A leaders on top of the table. Cristiano Ronaldo (Juventus) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Paulo Pereira (FC Port
The self-styled Islamic State group said two days ago that Abu-Zakariya al-Britani detonated a car bomb at an Iraqi army base in Tal Gaysum, south-west of Mosul.He is believed to have been originally known as Ronald Fiddler.Fiddler, 50 and from Manchester, was sent to Guantanamo Bay in 2002.
Deaf people in Northern Ireland have been urged to use sign language during the election campaign.The British Deaf Association says the move was long overdue.
Amnesty International has singled out President Donald Trump as an example of an "angrier and more divisive politics".
A ban has been imposed on expensive weddings in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.The state government said the order, which comes into effect from 1 April, was issued in response to public complaints about extravagance, waste and intrusive noise.
Peterborough United boss Paul McCann: 'We need to continue to support each other'. Peterborough manager Paul McCann says his side must continue to believe they are going to get to the play-offs after a 2-0 victory over Walsall. Paul McCann insists Peterborough are still five points off the Premier League play-off places.
Andrew Nelson: Pools striker doubtful to play again this season. Andrew Nelson has been ruled out of action for the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury against Plymouth Argyle.
Silverstone Circuit: BRDC "decides to shelve discussions about a sale". The British Racing Drivers Club (BRDC) says it has "decided not to pursue a sale of Silverstone".
The photos will be displayed alongside major works by Lucien Freud and Ron Mueck.
Education Secretary Damian Gibb has confirmed plans to test 11-year-olds on their times tables in 2018-19.The move follows a series of security breaches that affected last summer's primary school tests.In the first, a version of the Key Stage 1 literacy test was published online, containing live test words. In the second case, the answers to a spelling, punctuation and grammar test due to be taken by 11- year-olds appeared on a website, where they remained in a password-protected area for several hours before being removed.
The Scottish Six is dead. Long live the Scottish Nine.
Smoking rates in Wales have fallen by more than 5% in recent decades, according to the latest figures from Public Health Wales.There were about 19,000 diagnoses in 2015, compared to about 17,300 in 2006.
GlasgowGlasgow's tight-head has committed himself to the Warriors until May 2019
Dave Baker, of the Olympus Trust which operates near Bristol, said government cuts had left it at "crisis point".Parents described the funding problem as "diabolical".A Department for Education spokesman said new funding plans would increase the trust's budget by 2.4%.
Remus Hamza, 41, of Riverside, Cardiff, was jailed for 12 years in February 2016 for raping the 20-year-old and was also given four years on extended licence.He took his case to the Court of Appeal in London, arguing this was too severe.But judges said his appeal was "totally without merit" and gave him an extra 28 days in prison for wasting court time.
French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has agreed to join forces with a far-right candidate in a bid to prevent "the failure of France", according to a report.The National Front (FN) leader, who denies any wrongdoing, dismissed the investigation as a "political dirty trick".She enjoys a solid lead in opinion polls for the first round in April but is seen as being easily defeated in the second.
The day before saw a strike ballot on career progression with the part-time Night Tube drivers and a dispute over a "breakdown in industrial relations" with maintenance workers.
US tourists and an Australian pilot died after their light plane came down on a shopping centre on Tuesday.
The airport and the al-Ghazlani base are on Mosul's southern outskirts on the western side of the Tigris river.
Charlie has been ill since the age of three, she said.After a third relapse in April she said there was "no option" left for treatment for him in the UK.Mrs Fearns said the family, of Litherland, were left "heartbroken" when the first T-Cell transplant did not work.She said the news the treatment has been paid for was "completely overwhelming"."We don't know who this donor is but from the bottom of our hearts it means an incredible amount - not just from the foundation but everybody that supports Charlie."Charlie's father Rob Fearns
Ronaldsway Airport has been closed due to a plane not being able to taxi off the runway following its unsuccessful attempt to fly to Belfast.
Lenin Moreno:Guillermo Lasso:The announcement that there would be a second round was celebrated by supporters of Mr Lasso, 61, gathered outside the National Electoral Council building.
Sussex appoint Anyon as women's coach. Sussex appoints Seamer Anyon to coach the women's under-19 and under-21 sides.
All but one Welsh council had resettled refugees from the UK government's Syrian Vulnerable Persons Resettlement Scheme by the end of last December.
sportscotland says it has yet to decide where the cuts will fall amid concerns that elite athletes could suffer.
David Smith, 37, of Aviemore, had surgery to remove the tumour close to his spine.
The pancreas is a part of the body that helps control blood sugar levels and helps to regulate the amount of sugar in the blood.Type 2 diabetes is caused by the immune system destroying beta cells and type 1 is largely caused by lifestyle and the body no longer responding to insulin.Type 1 is the most common type of type 2 diabetes in the UK, with more than one million people living with the condition.The study, published in the journal Cell, says the diet reboots the body.Previous research has suggested it can slow the pace of ageing.But animal experiments showed the diet regenerated a special type of
Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned for life in August 2012Armstrong admitted to using drugs in all seven of his Tour wins in January 2013 while Landis was stripped
Claudio Ranieri's sacking is 'unimaginable' and 'ungut-wrenchingly sad' - Gary Lineker. Leicester City manager Claudio RANIERI has been sacked by Premier League champions Leicester City after just nine months in charge.It is the second season in succession a Premier League-winning manager has failed to survive the following campaign. Jose Mourinho was sacked by Chelsea after he was a champion in 2015.
Claudio Ranieri sacked: Gary Lineker says Leicester's decision to sack manager is 'unbelievable'. Former Leicester City manager Claudio RANIERI has been sacked by Premier League champions Leicester despite the club winning the Premier League title last season. Former England and Leicester City striker Gary Linecer says the decision by Leicester's owners to sack Claudio "is inexplicable" after the Italian's sacking is a "panic decision and for me a wrong decision". Leicester City's decision by owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha to fire Claudio Claudio has been described as a "
St Ronan's beat St Mary's Magherafelt to reach the All-Ireland semi-final.
New York-based singer-songwriter Laura Pergolizzi, 36, is a songwriter for hire, donating hits to the likes of Cher, Christina Aguilera and Rihanna (more on that later). New York - New York native Laura Pergalizzi has been a song writer for hire for a decade, donating her songs to pop stars, including Cher and Christina, but it's only been a few years since she's been able to cash in on her talent.The singer-singer, who was born and raised in New York City, has been donating her music for hire since
Careers Wales said it is facing a "budget shortfall" and "all options" are being explored.
We look at a new gadget which helps blind and visually impaired people read text and recognise faces, we talk to a tech giant about its progress in making software more accessible, and we ask what role AI could play in opening up technology for everyone.
Bournemouth have yet to learn their punishment from the FA, but are expecting similar sanctions.
David Waddington was a British Conservative Party politician.On the right of the party, he entered Parliament in a by-election in the 1960s.
Akpan was dismissed in the 87th minute of Rovers' 2-1 Championship defeat by Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday, 14 February.
"We Can" project has held exhibitions at the Senedd, Houses of Parliament and in 24 countriesMold-based Same but Different is behind it and everyone involved has a learning disability"Sometimes people make remarks that I can't do things and this makes you feel like you can" do things," said Scott Morris, 20, from Deeside."I may learn a bit slower, but I can still do what you can do."Scott said his dream is to become a farmer and, if he does not achieve it, he will be "really sad".Kate Siseman, 36, from Buckley, who has Down's
£1.2m facility serving Llandaff North and Gabalfa.
Alexander Young, 62, of Airdrie, North Lanarkshire, admitted failing to observe Mr Nisbet's car and colliding with it
Bismark Bendaleb agrees four-year deal with Gelsenkirchen.
GAA president Sean Horan wins election. GAA chief executive Sean O'Farrell Horan has been elected as the new president of the All-Ireland club players' body at the annual congress in Dublin.Gaelic Association chief executive Seamus Horan won the election for president at the GAA's annual congress at Croke Park in Dublin.The 58-year-old school principal from Dublin won 144 out of a possible 278 votes and was 98 ahead of his nearest rivals Sean Walsh and Frank Burke.Horan will take over from current president Aogan O Fearghail.
India were all out for 107 as they lost inside three days to Australia in the first Test in Pune.
The Workers Party said this rule was "effectively putting a price tag on political airtime".
A woman got out of the vehicle and an unknown man jumped in and took the car.A man in his 30s was arrested and remains in custody.
Double Shuffle (25-1) beats Theatre Guide (11-2) to win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Education Secretary John Swinney launched the "intense" three month consultation last September.But the group which mounted a legal challenge against the scheme said there had been no updates from ministers.The government said it held more than 50 meetings during the consultation.
Bristol City 2-2 Newcastle. Bristol City come from behind to beat struggling Newcastle United at St James' Park.
Meath 1-13 0-14 Down. Meath were favourites heading into the Pairc Esler contest but the Mournemen produced a performance of grit and determination to chisel out the vital Division Two victory.
A pick-up truck has hit crowds watching the Krewe of Endymion parade in the Mid-City district of New Orleans, killing 21 people and injuring 21 others. A pickup truck has killed 21 people in New Orleans and injured 21 others, police said.
The decision was made in a bid to save about £350,000 a year.
Blair Riley scored twice as the Giants saw off Fife Flyers 7-2 at the SSE Arena.
Bangor University student Shiromini Satkunarajah is due to finish her electrical engineering degree this summer.
The police admitted a claim of wrongdoing in public office in 2015 after being sued by John Flynn over two attempts on his life in the 1990s.
Banks offers to become UKIP chairman. UKIP donor Arron Banks has offered to become the party's new chairman in order to make it an "efficient, professional and ultimately electable party".UKIP is at a crossroads and needs to become energised with the party once again and work with you to deliver UKIP MPs.
Glasgow Warriors: Josh Strauss signs for Sale Sharks. Josh Strauss joins Sale Sharks from Glasgow Warriors on a one-year deal until the end of the 2015-16 season. Glasgow Warriors winger Josh Strauss has joined Sale Sharks in the Premiership for the 2015/16 season.
Southend boss Paul Brown accuses referee Dean Whitestone of poor decisions against GillinghamSouthend manager Paul Brown says he is appealing the red card shown to Ryan Inniss for two bookable offences in the first-half of the League Two derby between Gilligans and Blues. Paul Brown claims referee Dean Whitestone did not cope with the pressure of the game between two sides separated by the mouth of the Thames.
Andrew Apperley, 38, from Eastbourne, was reported missing after failing to return to his hotel four days after going to a Full Moon party.
Tandridge District Council leader Martin Fisher gave planners a shortlist of five areas for such a scheme.
Mr Kuchibhotla died and Mr Madasani survived. A third patron, 24-year-old Ian Grillot, was wounded trying to intervene.The FBI is investigating whether the shooting constitutes a hate crime.After the attack at Austins Bar and Grill, the suspect, who is white, drove 70 miles (112km) to an Applebee's in Clinton, Missouri, where he allegedly admitted what he had done to an employee.The shooting drew worldwide attention and has gripped the Indian-American community.Hillary Clinton weighed in on the matter on Twitter on Monday, demanding President Donald Trump speak out against intolerance following
Lord Alderdice was speaking in the House of Lords as peers considered the government's Brexit bill.He said: "The amendment is asking the Prime Minster to support the maintenance of the open border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland."The Prime Minister does that as of now. It is in the White Paper.
I don't think I am ready to manage at that level, says Alex Ferguson. Alex Ferguson insists he has not had any contact with Rangers after resigning as manager of League Two Clyde. Rangers boss Alex Ferguson says he is not ready to take over as manager at Ibrox and insists he is "not stupid enough to say I'm ready". Rangers manager Alex Ferguson has denied reports that he has had contact with the club over the possibility of taking over from Mark Warburton. "I don't know where these stories have come from," he said. "The last two-and-a-half years
David Haye and Tony Bellew face off in Liverpool. Former WBA heavyweight champion Haye faces off against Liverpudlian Anthony Bellew for the first time in a heavyweight bout at the O2 Arena. Former world cruiserweight champion Tony Haye will fight at heavyweight for the second time in his career when he faces Liverpudslian Tony Lee in Liverpool on Saturday.
The patrols at Camber Sands in East Sussex will be funded with £51,000 allocated by Rother District Council as part of its annual budget.
Lashkar Gah has come under increased pressure from the Taliban in recent months.
The Nuffield Council on Bioethics while many clinics provide a good service, some give too little advice and support.It says some fail to make it clear that non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) can offer only an estimate of Down's risk and is not diagnostic.
President Donald Trump has said he believes former US President Barack Obama is behind a series of leaks from the White House about his inner circle.Mr Trump said he was certain Obama loyalists were behind both those protests and White House leaks. "In terms of him being behind things, that's politics. And it will probably continue."
The FTSE 250 company said this was due to customers switching less between savings and current accounts because of low interest rates.
The Adventures of Mrs Orangeleaf is narrated by Simon Weston and voiced by 40 other veterans. A veteran who served in the Falklands War has written a book to explain to his daughter what life was like for servicemen. A former serviceman who spent 30 years in the Royal Navy has written an animation and radio play adaptation of his children's book about what it was like to serve in the war. A retired serviceman has written the first of a series of children's books about the war in which he served.
Teresa Dennett, 58, needed surgery after a stroke and the coroner concluded "it is likely she would have survived" if the operation went ahead.Nottingham University Hospitals said its intensive care unit was full and suggested she should go to Sheffield.But NHS England said a lack of beds was not a reason for refusing admission.The death was highlighted by Heidi Connor, assistant coroner for Nottinghamshire, who has written what is known as a Regulation 28 report, which sets out aims to prevent future deaths.She has sent the report to the chief executives of NHS England and two of the hospital trusts involved, following the inquest
Northern Ireland international Dean Shiels joins FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League.Shiels, whose played for League of Ireland champions Dundalk last year, joins a club that plays in the tier below the MLS in North America.FC Edmonton are captained by former Linfield defender Albert Watson.
The Red Sea port of Hudaydah has been targeted by warplanes from a Saudi-led coalition which is backing Yemen's government.
Eileen Maguire, 69, died after the three-car crash on the Belfast Road in Fivemiletown in November 2013.
Keighley Cougars: Emmerson Whittel may need surgery on jaw. KeighLEY Cougars of League One, England's third-tier competition, have complained to the Rugby Football League about their off-field treatment before kick-off.
A man has been jailed for three years for stabbing a man in the back, face, arm and side while he was on bail.Mark King, 21, earlier admitted stabbing 37-year-old Steven Downes in the Dennistoun area of Glasgow at 01:30 on 17 January 2015.He was also ordered to be supervised in the community for two years following his release.The court heard that in the January attack, Mr Downes had been stabbed in the face, face and side and had suffered a punctured lung.He had a stab wound to his back, stab wounds to his face and arm and a
Wasps 14-3 Bath. Wasps beat Bath to cement their place in the top four of the Premiership with a 13-3 win at the Aviva Stadium. Wasps coach Dai Young: "We are in a very strong position, one I am very pleased with."Wasps: Wade, Leiua, Gopperth, Le Roux; Cipriani, Simpson; Mullan (capt), Taylor, Cooper-Woolley, Symons, Gaskell, Johnson, Young, Rieder.Replacements: Festuccia, McIntyre, Moore, Rowlands, Willis, Robson,
Police say there's very little chance you're going to get caught.
If you answered: "Yes," to more than one of these questions, then you may be more at risk of developing osteoporosis.
Donald Trump's 2018 budget blueprint reportedly includes a 37% spending cut for the State Department and US Agency for International Development (USAID).He will set out to convince Congress of his proposal in his first address to a joint session on Tuesday night.But Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said his plan is.
Boll Bollin Primary School in Bowdon, Greater Manchester, closed on Monday after concerns about a "reduced capacity of senior leadership".
Irn Bru's sugar content from about 10g per 100ml to just below 5g. The company said it would reduce the calorie count per can from just under 140 to about 66.
Dundee's stadium is less than 400 yards away in the same street as city rivals Dundee United's Tannadice Park.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
Sale Sale Sharks have signed identical twins Tom and Luke.Both play in the back row and have also featured for the England Under-20 side.
Dewi and Dwynwen, named after two of Wales' most renowned patron saints, are nestled in a romantic "cwtch".
Figures obtained by BBC Scotland show Borders hospitals spent £3.18 per day per patient on meals and snacksOther health boards such as NHS Ayrshire and Arran and Dumfries and Galloway spent a similar amountNHS Grampian spent £2.50 per day which it said broke down as 94p for each of the two main meals and £1.62 for snacks and drinksNutritional expert Prof Mike Lean said: "There must be a lower limit below which quality will be sacrificed in a variety of ways."Meal quality has a number of elements: it has to look good, taste good, texture must
Chesterfield boss Mark Turner leaves club. Chesterfield manager Mark Turner has left the club to become director of football.
Mike Owen and two senior officers have been suspended following an external review
Health Secretary Vaughan Gething said he was "looking again at charging arrangements" for people from countries without reciprocal arrangements with the UK.
A pilot had to take control of the container ship to ensure its safe passage into harbour.
New minerals and mineral-like compounds are now being formed faster than at anytime in Earth's history, they say.Scientists from the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington DC have published a list of 208 man-mediated minerals that have been found in the geological record in the last couple of thousand years, most of them occurring in the past couple of hundred years.These 200 minerals are roughly 4% of the total known minerals, but they all occurred within the last few thousand years.They have all been approved by the International Mineralogical Association.They are the first to be listed in the list of man-made minerals, which
Some forces are "downgrading" 999 calls, in order to justify responding to them more slowly.
Ben Stokes: England v West Indies. England captain Eoin Morgan says he will field an inexperienced side for Friday's one-day international against West Indies in the first of a three-match ODI series in the Caribbean.Ben Stokes is expected to open the batting for England in Friday's opening ODI against the West Indies at the Kensington Oval in St Kitts.Stokes is playing in his first series since he became the Indian Premier League's most expensive foreign player in February.He was the subject of a bidding war between five IPL sides before Rising Pune Supergiants bought him for £
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) has called on the government for more powers to tackle bad behaviour in corporate governance.Lord Myners, chairman of the FRC, said the code should be strengthened.The FRC has called for more oversight powers from government to help achieve this.The code was published in 1992 following scandals such as the collapse of the bank BCCI and textile company Polly Peck, along with Robert Maxwell's raid on Mirror Group pensioners. It has been the cornerstone of corporate governance ever since.
Kent County Cricket Club have announced the appointment of David Kennedy as their new chairman.Kennedy has been at the helm at the St Lawrence Ground since 2008.
The man named as Abdalfatah HA is suspected of being part of a unit with an al-Qaeda-linked group.
Romanian diners left restaurant in Bembibre as dessert was due to be served.
Exeter Chiefs sign forwards Horstmann, Salvi, Atkins and Salvi to new deals. Exeter are currently second in the Premiership and travel to face Leicester Tigers at Welford Road on Friday.
England's Billy Vunipola could be in contention to face Scotland on 11 March. England fly-half Billy Vunsipola is targeting a quick return to international rugby after making his return to full training this week.
A number of Muslims have offered to stand guard at Jewish community centres and Jewish cemeteries in the wake of recent bomb threats and vandalism of Jewish sites in the US.The offers to protect religious sites have come from Muslims who include military servicemen, lawyers and Emmy Award-winning TV broadcasters.The JCC Association of North America, a network of cultural centres, reported more than 100 bomb threats against Jewish centres in the first two months of 2017.
The last mammoths died out after their DNA became riddled with errors. That's the verdict of scientists who have analysed ancient DNA of the extinct animals for mutations.The knowledge could inform conservation efforts for living animals.There are fewer than 100 Asiatic cheetahs left in the wild, while the remaining mountain gorilla population is estimated at about 300. The numbers are similar to those of the last woolly mammoths living on Wrangel Island in the Arctic Ocean around 4,000 years ago.
Scunthorpe boss Paul Swann: 'We are second in the league and that is after playing probably our worst football of the season'
The Campaign for Real Ale (Camra) has given the award to the George & Dragon at Hudswell, near Richmond, North Yorkshire.
Govanhill Housing Association has committed £3.7m to new housing and repairs for the duration of the four year period.The £34m improvement and repair scheme is also being funded with £20m from the Scottish government.
Ryan Zinke rode through downtown Washington atop a 17-year-old Irish sport horse named Tonto.
Cardiff Devils coach Paul Thompson said the Devils had an advantage, after their request to rearrange their Elite League game 24 hours before the final was declinedLeague rules state teams cannot change fixtures within four weeks of a gameThe Steelers face Coventry Blaze in the Elite League on Saturday, 4 March"I know Sheffield have tried to make a big media frenzy out of having to play the night before a game," Kelman told BBC Wales Sport."But 32 weeks of the year, pretty much, you play two games in a row and I think the fans need to understand that."We had the foresight to plan not
Wales v Republic of Ireland: Sam Vokes says Gareth Bale and Aaron Ramsey will boost team's chances. Chris Coleman's side travel to the Liberty Stadium on Saturday hoping to seal a win that could send them into the top half of the Premier League table.
PwC accountants Brian Cullinan and Martha Ruiz have been banned from doing the Oscars job again after handing the wrong envelope to presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway. Accountancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) said security has been beefed up at the residences of two accountants involved in the Oscars mix-up.
Hibernian 2-0 Dundee United. Hibs boss Neil Lennon's side extend their lead at the Championship summit to nine points with victory over Dundee at Tannadice. Neil Lennon: "It was extremely difficult when we went down to 10 men."I thought we started the game excellently and controlled the first 15 minutes, but the sending-off certainly had a massive impact on the game."I haven't seen it again, but Lewis has gone for the ball and then he has pulled out. It was clear for everybody on our bench."The ref is entitled to make that decision, but
It's a big problem - it's estimated that 1.2 million people aged 16 to 25 in England have at some point stayed in an unsecure or unsafe place.
Gavin Smith, who appeared on Channel 5's Police Interceptors, died from cancer aged 34 on 15 February.
Flt Lt Andrew Townshend was found not guilty of perjury and making a false record, after being accused of dishonestly claiming the dive was caused by a technical fault
It looks pretty likely that the cross-party amendment on giving Parliament a final vote on the Brexit deal will be pushed to a division.And so will the Lib Dem amendment to give people what they call "a final say on the final deal" and what others call a second referendum.The expectation is that the amended bill will get its Third Reading on Tuesday evening....but the ritual of Parliamentary ping-pong, where the Bill then bounces between the Lords and Commons until its final form can be agreed, will have to be postponed for a while.The opportunity for the Commons to accept or - more likely - reject the changes made by
West Ham striker Mark Snodgrass charged with driving a car while a baby was being held by a passenger.
James Bond fans have cheered 007 as he shoots and sleeps his way through a world of sinister villains and exotic women.The image is hi-tech, violent, romantic and more than a little cynical.It's a world-beating brand, but one today's spymasters are doing their best to keep at arm's length.And so, for the first time, MI6, officially known as the Secret Intelligence Service, is taking on the Bond image on 007's home turf - the silver screen.On Monday, MI6 launches its first ever cinema advert, aimed at attracting different types of candidate.
European Tour: Scott Jamieson and Thorbjorn Olesen share the lead at Pretoria. Scottish golfer Scott Jamieson and Norwegian golfer Thor Bjork share a share of the lead after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge.
Kim Jong-nam's half-brother Ri Jong Chol has accused Malaysia of using coercion in an attempt to extract a confession.
Wycombe Wanderers 0, Blackpool 0: Dean Lyness saves spot-kick in shoot-out to preserve a point. Dean Blackman saves a penalty in normal time and one in a shoot-shoot-out as Wycombe beat Blackpool in the EFL Trophy in January.Dean Lyness makes a fine save from Brad Potts in the penalty area to keep Wycombe in the game.Foul by Nathan Delfouneso (Blackpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.Marcus Bean is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Marcus Bean (Wy
Boris Boris Johnson has accepted an invitation from Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov to visit Moscow in the coming weeks.The Foreign Office said the UK "will engage with Russia where it is in our national interest to do so".The timings and details of the visit will be released "in due course".Mr Johnson's trip will see him become the first minister to travel to Moscow for an official visit in more than five years.On a visit to Kiev last week, the foreign secretary said Russia's annexation of Crimea was illegal and insisted that it should be returned to Ukraine.He has also said there was no case for relaxing sanctions against Russia until
MooBoo Bubble Tea has apologised after it was attacked on social media and by campaign groups.The company has branches in London, Birmingham, Bradford, Coventry, Gateshead, Hatfield, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow.A petition to demand it pay staff properly collected more than 40,000 signatures.
Police hope the scheme will help reduce financial crime by spotting scams before money has been handed over.
We will be at Stormont on Monday and have a job of work to deal with."I am the one who suggested that in a normal society people would vote on performance and that the DUP and Sinn Féin did not earn another mandate."They certainly did not give me a mandate.
Nye Frankie Newman, 17, from Aldershot in Hampshire, died in the French capital on New Year's Day.A minute's silence was held at the event, organised by the Brewman parkour group Mr Newman co-founded.His friends took part in a "remembrance jam" afterwards.
Fortuna Sittard's Oliseh says he is happy to be working in the Dutch league. The former Nigeria coach has steered the club away from the relegation zone with only one defeat in nine games. Former Super Eagles coach Segun Oliseyh says his biggest challenge has been working on the team's confidence. He says he has been impressed with the way he has managed to turn around the fortunes of his former side. He also says the Dutch League is perfect for Nigerian players to learn their craft. He has been pleased with how he has guided the team away from relegation in the Netherlands. Former Nigeria
Belfast man Bill McCrea was more than 1,500 miles away in Kent, when the ship began its final journeyA chaplain for the Sailors' Society, Bill was on duty at the Merchant Navy and National Sea Training College in GravesendDespite the distance, news of the tragedy travelled to the college fastOur centre had younger trainee sailors coming through, and also older seafarers who were there to update their trainingWe had three men from the Herald at the centre that night who we had to try and comfortWhen Bill speaks, it's with a soft, instantly recognisable Belfast accent - a voice apparently unchanged by decades spent posted
Leicester boss Craig Shakespeare wants to be a manager. Leicester manager Craig Shakespeare says he wants to become the next manager of the Premier League champions after Claudio Ranieri's sacking.Craig Shakespeare has been appointed Leicester manager after the Foxes beat Hull 3-1 on Saturday and moved five points clear of the relegation zone with two games to go. Leicester coach Craig Shakespeare has said he wants the job of manager of Leicester City after the club's win over Hull City, but former BBC pundit Martin Keown says it is "almost out of order" for him to jump in for the job.
A review into the murder of Rhys Jones, who was killed by a man released five days earlier, questioned whether his killer's risk to the public should have been reassessed.
A Jet2 flight with 153 people on board alerted them to a suspected malfunction.
Emily Gardner, 14, from Gloucester, drowned when an ill-fitting buoyancy aid snagged on a speedboat which capsized in Brixham, Devon in May 2015.
British Judo Centre of Excellence to host European Championships in Walsall. Britain will host the European Championships for blind and visually-impaired judoka in front of a home crowd at a major international event.
A woman with a child has been abducted and raped by two men in a car in a wooded area near Kirkleatham Lane, where she got out of the car.The woman, in her 30s, and the child were abducted at lunchtime on Friday.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has hit out after German authorities cancelled rallies designed to woo ethnic Turkish voters in Germany ahead of a key referendum. "Your practices are not different from the Nazi practices of the past," Mr Erdogan said.
Israel is one of the world leaders in research into medical use of marijuana. Israel's cabinet has voted to decriminalise personal use of the drug, following recommendations by a committee set up to study the issue.
Female foetuses found in drains in India. Indian police say they have found the remains of 15 aborted female fetuses in a plastic bag near a lake in the central state of Maharashtra.
The Scottish Medicines Consortium is due to take evidence on Kadcyla on Tuesday.The drug is used to treat a specific type of tumour - HER2-positive - when breast cancer spreads to other parts of the body.Currently, it is not approved for use on the NHS in Scotland.The Scottish Medical Standards Commission (SMC) is considering whether to approve the drug for the treatment, which is available in 18 other countries in the world. It is a commonly-administered drug and one that many oncologists throughout the UK, and in Scotland, would wish to give their patients.It is a
The BBC has spoken to three sources who claim to have been conned out of £5,000 by fraudsters targeting TalkTalk customers.They say they were given a script in which they were told to claim they were calling from TalkTalk. They say they then convinced victims to install a computer virus.Thanks to the virus, the fraudsters are able to gain access to the victims' bank accounts when they log in.The victims are then offered a compensation payment, for which they must log in to online banking, they add.In other cases, victims have said the scammers were able to set up a new payee
Scottish National Squash Championships: Ellie Adderley beats Elspeth Young to win for a seventh time. Scottish number one Ellie Adrianley wins the women's national squash title at the Scottish National Championships at Edinburgh Sports Club in Edinburgh for a record-breaking seventh time.Adderley, seen as Scottish squash's best prospect, said: "Coming into the event aged 16 as number one seed brought its own pressures."But I had played in this event last year for the first time and that helped me with nerves and what to expect out there."I played well in my semi-final on Saturday and that left me
Lichfield are the only Premiership side not to be included in the new Women's Super Rugby competition.
Man arrested on suspicion of murdering 14-year-old Elsie Frost. A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a teenage girl who was stabbed to death in a tunnel beneath a railway line in Wakefield.
The window was smashed before accelerant was poured inside and it was set alight at 03:30 GMT on Sunday at the Park Regis Hotel in Broad Street, Birmingham.Mayweather was appearing in the city, meeting fans as part of a tour.An eyewitness who filmed the damaged vehicle but did not wish to be named said: "He [Mayweather] was actually outside when the van was set on fire, then he ran back in.
Firefighters were called to the property in the Sangomore area of Durness at about 02:00
Sir Dave Brailsford defends Team Sky boss Sir Bradley Wiggins. Team Sky chief executive Sir Bradley Bradley Wiggins has defended his boss Sir Dave Brailsford, who has come under scrutiny since information on his authorised use of banned drugs to treat a medical condition was released by hackers. Sir Bradley's former doctor Richard Freeman has defended himself, saying he did not do anything wrong and that he was in charge of medical supplies when testosterone patches were delivered to British Cycling in 2011, apparently in error.He has denied any wrongdoing, and is thought to be preparing written submissions to the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad)
John Swinney will address MSPs over a legal challenge to information sharing proposals within the Act.
Luke, 18, is one of 14 successful candidates from the 282 youngsters who entered the Fighting Chance scheme.GB Taekwondo chief Gary Hall said that, like his sister Jade, the teenager is.
Eeyore to the rest of the government's Tiggers, Number 11 is hoping for the best while preparing for the worst. As government colleagues speak boldly of the economic opportunities Brexit might offer and point to the better than expected economic news since the referendum, the Treasury is quietly warning there may still be pain ahead.
Casey Anthony: The case that gripped the USCasey Anthony was convicted of lying to police but acquitted of murderThe 30-year-old complained about her portrayal in the media as a partying child-killerAnthony was dubbed "America's most hated mom" amid reports she went to nightclubs and got a tattoo in the month her daughter was missing.
The boy's body was subsequently found in the cellar of a house in Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia
Brecon High School to become English-medium school from 1 September. Powys County Council's cabinet has voted to change a high school in Brecon to become an English medium school.
The FTSE 100 closed lower, having traded higher for much of the sessions, losing 10.75 points, or 0.15%.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested and charged with wasting police time.
Two snowsports enthusiasts got married at a Scottish ski resort before sliding off down a run in their wedding attire.
NintendoSwitch can be played both on televisions and as a standalone deviceIt launched with a handful of games, with some critics saying there were too fewAnd now, thousands of customers have reported their new devices came with a screen problem.The Nintendo Switch, which costs £280 in the UK, has been criticised for having stuck or dead pixels in the middle of the screen, which can be seen when the device is turned on.But Nintendo said such pixels were "normal and should not be considered a defect".But one analyst said if the issues were as bad as online photos suggested, it was "unbelievable" Nintendo had
Russian Orthodox worshippers in Crimea have claimed to see myrrh seeping from a bust of the late Russian tsar Nicholas II.
In 2015/16, 93.3% of youngsters were in a "positive destination" three months after leaving high school. That is up from 93% in 2014/15.
Jersey and Yorkshire Carnegie are among clubs that are in favour of scrapping the Championship play-offs.
The Hovefield site - which is subject to a High Court injunction preventing further development - is less than three miles (5km) by road.
Francois Fillon has won a battle with his centre-right party, but he will have his work cut out if he is to claw back the lead he once held in France's presidential race. He has come under pressure to step down as investigations continue into allegations that his wife was paid large sums of public money for a job she did not do. He is due to appear before a judge on 15 March and says he expects to be placed under formal investigation.
The trial is being held amid tight security.The suspects are accused of targeting refugees and left-wing groups in 2015, causing two injuries.
ZTE Corp obtained and illegally shipped US-made equipment to Iran in violation of US sanctions, the Justice Department said.It also sent goods to North Korea without the correct export licences.The US said ZTE lied to authorities and its own lawyer about the violations.
Aggreko says it expects full year profit before tax and pre-exceptional items to be lower than last year.
A 13-year-old Iranian girl who fled Iran when she was 11-years-old has become the chief strategy officer of internet security firm RSA. A 13 year-old girl who left her home in Iran and moved to the US on her own to start a new life as an internet security expert has become a successful entrepreneur.A 13 year old Iranian girl has become one of the world's most successful internet security entrepreneurs after she became the first woman to be appointed chief strategic officer of a major internet security company.A 13 years ago, she was an immigrant from Iran who was trying to fit in a girls'
Shyam Acharya is accused of stealing a doctor's name and qualifications in India before moving to Australia. He used the credentials to work in local hospitals between 2003 and 2014, New South Wales (NSW) Health said.
Four attackers have been killed in a hospital attack in Afghanistan's capital, Kabul, the defence ministry says.The attack at the Sardar Daud hospital in the capital's eastern Ghazni province killed at least 20 people and wounded more than 50 others.More than 50 people were also wounded, the defense ministry said.The Taliban has denied any involvement.The hospital attack marks a change in approach by so-called Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan - it's the first time they have engaged directly with security forces in Kabul.Previously they have targeted civilian gatherings, mainly of Shia Muslims, as well as causing carnage at the Supreme Court
Sinn Féin leader Charlie Flanagan has met Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire and talked to some of the parties at Stormont.
Daniel Radcliffe has been praised for his latest role in Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead at London's Old Vic.
South Africa's decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC) has been officially cancelled.South Africa's original decision to pull out came after a dispute over Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir's visit to the country in 2015.The authorities refused to arrest Mr Bashir despite him facing an ICC arrest warrant over alleged war crimes.
A new crossing is needed as part of Transport Scotland's Â£3bn project to make the road dual carriageway all the way between Inverness and Perth.
George was brought down and fatally injured in the raceThe Injured Jockeys Fund said: "In due course George will leave the intensive care area to the rehabilitation wing of the Wellington Hospital."
The EPCR Untoward Incident Review Group (EPCR) has ruled that Munster scrum-half Jamie Murray did not meet the criteria for immediate and permanent removal from the field of play.
Exeter Chiefs' James Francis says he has managed to avoid the worst of the criticism aimed at Wales because he plays his club rugby in the south west of England.
Afghanistan beat Ireland in the first T20 in Greater Noida. Ireland make 165-5 in the opening T20 against Afghanistan but it was not enough with Samiullah Shenwari and Mohammad Shahzad helping the Afghans to 171-4 with two overs to spare.
Lille's Moussa Bissouma says he is very happy at Stade Pierre-Mauroy. Lille midfielder Moussa Aouma has said he wants to keep the club in Ligue 1 and win a trophy with Lille.
The head of service said: "The report contains personal information in relation to children, parents and professionals, and the report was made available to members on this basis. Further publication of this report was restricted."On making the report available to all members, they were made aware that there are families in the area who remain affected by the actions of Mr Smith, and were reminded of their corporate obligation to safeguard everyone in the community."
Philip Hammond says the extra money - to be phased in over three years - will help support a system that is "clearly under pressure".It comes after months of warnings that services provided by councils for the elderly are under threat because of.
Tony Bellew: David Haye says he now has a 'different kind of respect' for WBC cruiserweight champion Anthony Bellew. Former WBA cruiserweight world champion Haye has said he will pay a fine if he is found guilty of breaching the British Boxing Board of Control for Boxing (BBBofC) rules after he made graphic comments about hurting WBC world cruiserweight title holder Tony Belleaw. Former heavyweight world champion David Bellew says he will not repeat such comments before a rematch with Tony Haye.
As part of the BBC's So I Can Breathe series, a week of stories exploring some of the different ways the world is seeking to reduce air pollution, people have been sharing their tips on how to improve the air around them.
A family from Grimsby has found the final piece of treasure at the base of a fence post in Scunthorpe's High Street East.The ammonite shell was hidden in a white painting at the 2021 arts centre in the town centre. A family has discovered the final part of a treasure hunt at the North Lincolnshire Arts Centre.
Hawaii has filed a fresh legal challenge against President Donald Trump's revised travel ban, saying it is fundamentally the same as the first.The new directive, which takes effect on 16 March, places a 90-day ban on people from six mainly Muslim nations and a 120- day ban on all refugees.The previous order, which was blocked by a federal court, sparked confusion at airports and mass protests.
Hearing loss is considered an invisible epidemic because people don't see it or know that someone suffers from it, says De Wet Swanepoel, professor of audiology at South Africa's Pretoria University.Not even parents may realise their child has hearing loss before critical developmental periods have lapsed.
The number of dogs seized under the Dangerous Dogs Act has increased in North Wales, according to new figures.In North Wales Police's area, the figure went down from 32 to 16. In south Wales, it went up from 298 to 332 and in Dyfed-Powys' area the numbers increased from 45 to 53.Gwent Police recorded number decreased from nine to three, in the figures obtained for BBC Radio Wales' Jason Mohammad Show.
The sport of amputee football has been going for many years south of the border and now a charity is now trying to form a Scotland-wide league.It is holding the first Amputee Football Scottish Cup in Edinburgh next month.This team I am watching is linked to Partick Thistle."I wish, looking back, I hadn't let it stop me," says Brian Murray, who lost his leg to cancer at the age of 10.He says that, although as a youngster he did play on crutches with his pals, when he went to secondary school he lost confidence and began wearing his prost
Swansea boss Paul Clement says Fernando Llorente has proven to be a key player for the Swans. Swansea manager Paul Clement has praised striker Fernando Llornte for his ability to head the ball into the box.
The humpback has been seen at Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn in Fife.
Wikileaks has published thousands of the US spy agency's secret documents, including what it says are the CIA's hacking tools.
The Home Office said it did not want to detain people for longer than necessary but some had prolonged the process.
World Snooker Shoot Out is the first year the Shoot Out has counted as a ranking event, after existing as a non-ranking event for the previous six years.World number 20 Dave Gilbert was knocked out in the quarter-finals.
Barcelona transfer news: Ivan Rakitic to sign £109m buyout clause from Sevilla.
The 19-year-old from Dublin is a competitive runner - but her chronic epilepsy means she has around 16 seizures a day.
During the last century, thousands of pregnant unmarried women and girls were sent to mother-and-baby homes as it was deemed shameful to bear a child outside marriage.More than 1,000 children died at the Tuam home from a range of natural causes between 1940 and 1965, a recorded 474 so-called "unclaimed infant remains" were transferred to medical schools in Irish universities.The home in Tuam, County Galway, was run by the Bon Secours order of nuns.A child died there nearly every two weeks between the mid-1920s and 1960s.An inquiry, set up in 2014, confirmed
Gary Price was suspended from all council duties for five months after Powys council's Standards Committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct.
Archbishop Martin Martin said the Catholic Church was "ashamed" of what had emerged at the home in Tuam.He added that "families are owed an apology" and that the church had repeated an apology it made in 2014 when the claims "first came to light".
CastCastell Henllys Iron Age Village, near Crymych, needs people to support the prehistoric site, which is owned and run by the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority.
The UN was created as the world's way of saying 'never again' to the genocide perpetrated by the Nazis. And yet here we are, 70 years later, discussing the UN's inaction in the face of a genocide that we all know about, and that is ongoing.
More than 60,000 vials, said to contain anabolic steroids, were recovered in an operation by Garda (Irish police), customs and a medicine watchdog.
Police Scotland's central control room will close on 22 March. Police Scotland is considering closing its central control centre in Glasgow as part of a cost-cutting plan.
Newport County have confirmed Mike Flynn as caretaker boss until the summer. Newport County boss Graham Westley has been sacked by Newport County after the club were 11 points adrift at the bottom of League Two and in danger of relegation.
Captcha checks typically ask people to complete a puzzle that a computer would struggle to complete correctly.They are designed to stop automated bots accessing and using websites.Google's new system tracks how a person interacts with a website to prove they are real, so the puzzles are no longer necessary for most people.Captcha checks are often deployed by concert ticket websites to stop people setting up automated bots to buy all the best tickets. They also appear when somebody is trying to log in to a website with the wrong password, to spot automated attempts.The puzzles present challenges that people find simple but computers can find more difficult, such as:
The number of pedestrians and cyclists hurt in accidents fell by more than a third between 2012 and 2016 - but the rate was lower in 20mph zones, the council said.
Heatherson returns to Yeovil to play in WSL 1.
Michael Lane denies killing Shana Grice, 19, who had her throat slit and her bedroom torched.
Eddie Jones: England to match New Zealand's all-time tier one record for consecutive victories. Eddie Jones' England have scored a cumulative 102 more points in the final quarter of matches than their opponents in the Six Nations this season. England have won their past 10 Six Nations matches, and are about to take on a team who haven't won in south-west London in 34 years.
Ar un adeg roedd deg person tân yno yn defnyddio offer arbennig i'w codi uwchben yr adeilad er mwyn ceisio diffodd y fflamau.Yn ddiweddar fe syrthiodd rhan o'r pier i'r môr ac yn fuan wedyn cafodd ei ddifrodi ymhellach gan storm Doris.
Luton Town 1, Exeter City 1: Reuben Reid fires home as Exeter take the lead. Luton    Town were unable to find a winner as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Exeter at the Stadium of Light at Luton on Saturday. Exeter   City   took the lead after 15 minutes when Jack Stacey forced Matt Macey into a save at his near post.Luton threatened sporadically in the opening half hour, Jonathan Smith volleying over and Jordan Cook narrowly missing the target with a 30-yard free kick.Exeter goalkeeper Bobby
Arsenal v West Bromwich Albion: Martin Fisher's full predictions. Martin Fisher rates Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final clash with West Brom as a must-win for Arsene Wenger's side. Arsenal's Martin Fisher gives his full predictions for the FA Cup quarter-final second leg at The Hawthorns. Arsenal face West Brom in the semi-finals of the FA cup on Saturday as they look to secure a place in next season's Champions League.
Dunfermline Athletic 0, Ayr United 1: Joe Carle and Michael Moffat equalise. Joe Cardle (Ayr United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.Conceded by Conrad Balatoni.Foul by Michael Rose.Corner,  Dunfermarline Athletic.Substitution, David Hopkirk.Gary Harkins replaces Ross Docherty because of an injury.Gary Higginbotham (Dunfermarlin Athletic) header from the edge of the 18-yard line is close, but misses to the left
South Africa: Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his side will have to defend well in the return leg of their Caf Champions League second round tie against KCCA in Kampala on Wednesday. "We have to fight for it.
Rally Argentina: Kris Meeke narrowly misses parked cars as he wins. Citroen's KrisMeeke crashes out in Monte Carlo and could only finish 12th in Sweden after another mistake.
Cardiff have surrendered nine points by conceding goals after the 80th minute. Cardiff manager Neil Warnock says he would be more disappointed if it's happening in 12 months.
London 2012: Simon Burnell wins first race of the season. Simon Burnells wins the men's 100m breaststroke at Emirates Palace Bay in his first action of the new season.
We’re not going to put up a sign that says 'Look! Artificial intelligence', because no-one would come to see that.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola: "I have heard people have written that I will change 12 or 13 players [this summer]. That is impossible. They have contracts. You have to pay them."We will try and improve the team. Next month and a half I expect a huge step forward.
South Wales Police has arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with the incident at Kingsway just before 03:30 GMT
Slovak Sagan wins stage five of the Tour de France. Slovakia's Peter Sagan takes his second victory of the Vuelta a España, ahead of France's Thibaut Pinot.
The Law Commission has called for the Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards (DoLS) to be scrapped and replaced "right away". It said the current system has left health and social care services "unable to cope" with the rise in cases.The Law Commission's report, published on Monday, said the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC) had been unable to cope with the increase in the number of DoLS applications.It said the law was designed at a time when fewer people were considered deprived of their liberty and now it was "failing" people it was set up to protect
Stuart Gulliver, the chief executive of HSBC, plans to step down next year.
"No jab, no play" laws called for in Australia. PM Malcolm Turnbull is calling for nationwide legislation to protect children from whooping cough.
Golf: Adam Hadwin finishes tied for the lead at the Canadian OpenAdam Hadwin shoots a level-par 71 to finish tied for second at the PGA Tour's Canadian Open.
The man is said to be in a stable condition in hospital.
Spencer came out on top to win the cow bell trophy as he beat Louis Smith by almost one metre in the final jump
Chris Chris Froome says he is "disappointed" by the way in which Team Sky has been portrayed by the media. "I know it will take time for faith to be restored, but I will do my utmost to ensure that happens, along with everyone else at Team Sky. "With respect to Dave Brailsford, he has created one of the best sports teams in the world.
Lenticular clouds can be mistaken for UFOs.
Dr Joan Benton, director of the Centre for Food Policy at City, University of London, says that the rise in the availability of vegetable oil is directly linked to globalisation.The report, published in the Journal of Food Policy and Nutrition, is based on the findings of a new study by the University of Leeds and the London School of Economics, which looked at 26 countries in the past three decades.It's a development that Prof Benton says links directly to global trade.The study, published today in the journal Food Policy & Nutrition, looks at the impact of globalisation on nutrition and health in the world's
Scotland's first minister has gone the whole hog, saying she will next week push the button on a second independence referendum by putting legislation to the Scottish Parliament.
Wigan boss Paul Joyce leaves club. Wigan manager Paul Joyce has left the club to take charge of assistant Graham Barrow for the rest of the season.
Malaysia bans 'Beauty and the Beast' but is okay with nonsense Malay movies with no moral values, just full of brainless jokes.
The evacuation of al-Wair, home to an estimated 75,000 people, has been under siege by government forces since late 2013.
Shana Grice ended her relationship with "obsessed" Michael Lane who stalked her when she started up a new relationship, Lewes Crown Court has heard.
Gordon Strachan: Scotland head coach says he will not consider his future if they fail to qualify for the 2018 World Cup. Scotland boss Gordon Stracan does not wish to consider what a defeat against Slovenia would mean for his own future.
Claudio Ranieri: Craig Shakespeare appointed Leicester manager until the end of the season. Craig Shakespeare has been appointed Leicester City manager for the rest of the Premier League season.
Stade Francais and Racing 92 are planning to merge for the 2017-18 season, according to reports in France.Stade won the French Top 14 title in 2014-15 while Racing took over as champions the following year.
Ddydd Mawrth, pleidleisiodd pum aelod o'r cabinet o blaid cau'r ffrwd Gymraeg, gyda dau yn erbyn, ac un yn ymatal.Mae rhieni yn yr ardal wedi codi pryderon am effaith posib y newidiadau, yn cwestiynu beth fydd dyfodol addysg cyfrwng Cymraeg o fewn y dref.Roedd y cyngor ydweud bod cwymp yn nifer y dis
The woman was taken to hospital after the incident involving a male inmate at Maghaberry Prison.
Loganair will continue to operate the route from 26 March. The service will see two return flights each weekday and one return flight on a Sunday.
Chester FC 2, Macclesfield Town 3.  Chester FC 1, Chester FC 0.James Alabi (Chester FC)    James Alabi scores the opening goal of the game for Chester FC.   Anthony Dudley (Macclesfield town) is shown the yellow card.Elliott Durrell is shown a yellow card for his challenge on Kane Richards.First Half begins.Lineups are announced and players are warming up.Second Half begins Chester FC   Chester Football Club 2, Chester Town 2.  James A. Alabi   Cheers!   First Half ends,
Guiseley 1-1 Gateshead 0-1. Gateshead go ahead on 15 minutes against the run of play when a throw-in found James Hurst who squared to Jake Lawlor to stroke into an empty net.Guiseley went ahead just before half-time when Wesley York curled sweetly into the top-right corner from the edge of the box.Gateshead keeper Jonny Maxted then saved well from Wesley York's shot just before the break.Gatehead defender Liam Hogan superbly blocked Jordan Preston's effort and Guisesley keeper Jonj Maxte saved well. Gates
The Greens' Richard Di Natale argues reducing hours would boost productivity and allow workers more time with family. "What sort of society do we want to be?
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte and Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho had to be separated by the assistant referee.
The story of Akong Tulku Rinpoche was screened at the Samye Ling site he founded in Eskdalemuir.A Remarkable Life covers everything from his birth in Tibet in 1939 to his murder in China in 2013.
UKIPUKIP has suspended a businessman who has suggested he should be made party chairman. Arron Banks, who funded the Leave EU campaign in last year's EU referendum, made the allegation via Twitter.He said the move was "apparently" in response to him saying the party's current leadership "couldn't knock the skin off a rice pudding".He added: "I should make clear that, whilst I am open to working with you on improving and enhancing our party, the party chairmanship is not on offer."
The Welsh Assembly for Wales (Wales) has said it has been unable to satisfy itself that the awarding of contracts to a sawmill operator was lawful and did not involve the provision of state aid.The Welsh Assembly's Audit Office (WAO) said it had found that the company, NRW, failed to provide "sufficient contemporaneous documentation" that demonstrated what it took into account when it decided to enter the contracts.The firm purchased both spruce and larch timber, the latter of which was from forests where a fungus disease - P Ramorum - that causes extensive damage was present.It said the spread of
Scotland voted No to independence in 2014 following an often frenzied campaign and a record-breaking turnout of 84.6%.But things have changed since then - most notably the decision by the UK to leave the European Union.
Snoop Dogg shoots clown dressed as Donald Trump in video. The video shows Snoop shooting the Trump character with a gun that releases a flag with the word "bang" written on it.
Roedd y Farwnes Eluned Morgan, AC dros Ganolbarth a Gorllewin Cymru, yn siarad wedi i Nicola Sturgeon gadarnhau y byddai'n ceisio am ail refferendwm ar annibyniaeth i'r Alban.Dywedodd arweinydd plaid cymru yn derbyn rhwng £500-600m y flwyddyn gan yr Undeb Ewropeaidd, ond bod £14bn yn dod o Loegr."Os fy
Cheltenham jockey AP McCoy's statue unveiled. Former Champion Hurdle and Grand National winner AP McCoy has had a statue of him put up in his honour at the Cheltonham Festival. The bronze figure of the Northern Irishman, crafted by Dublin sculptor Paul Ferrier, was unveiled in front of racegoers at the course.
Lib Dem Lord Oates accused Labour of being prepared to "concede everything", and the opposition's leader in the Lords, Baroness Smith, responded that his party was giving people "false hope".
Arthur and Joan Frost, from Prestatyn, Denbighshire, lost their daughter Julie Bennet, and her husband Mike in February.An image of the couple during their last moments was released by their children.An appeal has raised over Â£275,00 to help them stay in their home in Wirral.Mr Bennet had been fighting a brain tumour since 2013. He died on 6 February.Mrs Bennet was 50, a primary school teacher, died five days later.She had been diagnosed in May 2016 with cancer which began in the liver and kidneys and then spread to other organs.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored a try in the first half to give Castleford a 12-0 lead at the start of the second half, but Salford fought back to level the game at 12-12.Murdoch- Masila's try reduced the deficit to two as Gareth O'Brien missed the conversion, but Greg Minkin powered over to extend Castleford's lead.Minkin scored his second try to get the visitors back within two points, before O’Brien’s penalty and drop-goal won it.Castleford had been top of Super League before the game after
John Culshaw's remains were retained by Greater Manchester Police without his family's knowledge.
Police found the child after being called to at a home at Bromsgrove Cottages in Faringdon at around 13:20 GMT on Tuesday
Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha is a "little bit unknown how he best thinks to set up the players he's got", said Accies player-manager Canning. Rangers are hoping to get a good start to the new season when they welcome new manager Pedro Caizinha to Ibrox on Saturday, according to Accies boss Neil Canning.
The Scottish SPCA is caring for the animal, now named Husky, and it will be released into the wild in the summer.
A Broughty Ferry RNLI spokesman said: "The inshore lifeboat was launched within six minutes and was quickly in the area of the reported sighting."
Wasps' John Goodwin named League One manager of the month for February. Alloa Alloa midfielder John Goodwin has been named the league's manager of February after three wins and a draw and his side sit second from top.
South Africa's Under-20 teams have been drawn in their respective groups at the Fifa World Cup in South Korea.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged two members of the FSB, the Russian intelligence agency, with cyber crimes related to a 2014 data breach affecting 500 million Yahoo accounts.The suspects are also alleged to have targeted Google accounts, including security, diplomatic and military personnel, according to the DOJ.The indictment also alleged that 30 million accounts were commandeered without authorisation for use in a spam campaign.
Kyle Clarke, 27, died when he was hit by a car in Hengrove, Bristol in January and was dragged along under the vehicle for 600m.His mother Helen Stockford described him as the "light of her life".She said: "He was just so funny. There's so much you can say about him.
Warren Hall, 25, of Holland Crescent, Ashby de la Zouch, Leicestershire, was discovered dead inside the bungalow on the same street on Thursday afternoon.
New drugs that are assessed as being cost-effective by NICE are automatically recommend for use in the NHS. However, the new measure could lead to delays of up to three years before new drugs are made available to give NHS bosses the chance to try to renegotiate the price.
Anagha Nikam was travelling by rail when she spotted a mother trying to find milk for her.
The Japanese carmaker's investment in the Burnaston plant near Derby will allow production of vehicles using its new global manufacturing system.The factory employs about 2,500 people, while another 590 work at Toyota's engine plant.
Exeter sign Montpellier's Nic White. Exeter announce the signing of French international Nic White from French Top 14 side Montpelliere.
The International Ski Federation President was discussing a proposed blanket ban on Russian athletes when he made the Holocaust comment, referring to the World War II genocide that saw six million Jews killed by Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany
A corn snake has been rescued from a van after it was found in the back of a car in Wales.The harmless reptile was found inside the vehicle after being dropped off at a yard on March 8 and rescued by animal collection officer Ellie West
Leicester Tigers are in danger of missing out on a top-four finish in the Premiership for the first time since the 2003-04 season. Leicester Tigers head coach Jamie Murphy says he is confident his side can make the top four and challenge when everyone is looking around and saying 'what are you doing here?' "There's a lot more to come from this team."
Guy Tomlinson, 37, was being chased by officers when his car hit a tipper truck in Leicester on 9 March 2016.
A volcano in Italy has erupted in a spectacular show of fire, sending fragments of rock flying in all directions as it spewed lava up into the sky in the early hours of Thursday morning. A volcanic eruption at Italy's Mount Etna has left eight people injured, including a BBC reporter, after a lava flow ran into snow and pelted a group of tourists with boiling rocks and steam, the BBC reports.A volcano in northern Italy has unleashed a spectacular display of fire on a tourist group on a mountain, sending rocks flying into the air as it erupted.A volcanic eruption has erupted on Italy's Mt Etna,
The Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales in Abercynon has opened a new outdoor play area to help children recover from cancer treatment.The garden has a jungle theme with a spray-painted mural and palm trees and is lit by colourful LED lights.The children's hospital opened in 2006 and the second phase of its construction was completed in 2015.A therapy zone includes sloping floors and artificial grass so children can receive physiotherapy in the fresh air.The garden had Â£1.6m in funding from the Welsh Government and £250,000 from the Noah’s Ark charity.Part of the
Six Nations: England women beat Ireland in Dublin. England beat Ireland to win their first Six Nations title since 2012 and complete a hat-trick by beating Ireland on Saturday.
He joined the Championship club in 2013.
Somalia pirates have reportedly released hostages on board a tanker that was seized off the coast of north-east Somalia.The Puntland maritime police force said in a statement that the pirates had "gone away" after a gunfight with naval forces in the area.It is the first hijack off Somalia's coast since 2012.
Ireland 4-3 Poland. Ireland beat Poland to reach the semi-finals of the World League 3 and secure a spot in the final of the tournament at Belfast City Stadium. Jermaine McKee and Sean O'Donoghue score twice to help Ireland to victory over Poland in a must-win quarter-final.
China's Mao portrait to fetch as much as $15m. The portraits immortalised the founder of China's Communist Party as a pop art commodity.
Chelsea v Tottenham: FA Cup semi-final at Wembley to be shown on BT Sport. The second Wembley semi-finals between Arsenal and Manchester City will kick off at 15:00 BST on Sunday.
Cardiff have conceded almost 30% of their goals between 80-90 minutes this season, including in their last three gamesThe Bluebirds were held by Birmingham last time out as Lukas Jutkiewicz bundled in a rebound after his header was savedCardiff also conceded an injury-time equaliser against Blackburn, while defeat at QPR in their previous fixture came courtesy of an 83rd-minute own goal by Jazz Richards"The last couple of games we have controlled and then let slip right at the end," said Morrison."We need to learn lessons now for next season, which is what the gaffer is trying to build on,
Lynn Davies, 58, from Neath, was given a deal by Cardiff Crown Court judge Patrick Curran QC in October and given six months to repay the cash.The court heard on Friday Davies had paid up before the deadline and his jail term was suspended for two years.He charged victims £500 on top of every £1,000 borrowed and loaned £23,395 over seven years, pocketing £33,425.
Cafodd Cerys Yemm ei lladd gan Matthew Williams, 34, ym mis Tachwedd 2014 yng ngwesty'r Sirhowy Arms yn Argoed, Sir Caerffili.Cafodd Mr Williams ei saethu gyda gwn Taser gan yr heddlu a bu farw'n ddiweddarach.PC Kelda Griffiths oedd y cyntaf i gyrraedd y llety, a'r ail i fynd fyn y'r grisiau ac i m
Cerys Yemm, 22, was killed by Matthew Williams, 34, in November 2014 at the Sirhowy Arms in Argoed, Caerphilly county. A police officer who was the second officer to enter a hostel room where a man had been Tasered by police has told an inquest that he was "unrealistic" and "didn't seem human". A Gwent police officer has told a coroner that she was shocked when she entered the bedroom of a man who had been tasered four times by police.
Police were called to the Bristol Road South branch, in Northfield, at 11:45 GMT to reports a female member of staff was being held hostage in an interview room.West Midlands Police said it is understood a firearm was produced, but no threats or demands were made.They said the man, aged 60, surrendered to police at about 12:50 GMT.Police said the suspect, who is believed to be from the local area and a customer at the branch, was taken to hospital for an assessment.
Jacqueline Oakes, of Birmingham, was let down by a raft of procedural errors and failings to identify the risk she faced.She was battered to death in 2014.The West Midlands force said it agreed with the findings on its employees.See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country hereIn all, the actions of 40 staff were examined by the IPCC - "one of the biggest investigations" it has carried out, it said.The IPCC said it found there were at the time "significant organisational failings" in the way the force managed outstanding arrests of this type, which meant "arrest attempts" were not made until
Yn ôl y corff sydd yn cynrychioli busnesau gofal, mae nifer yn ymladd i gadw fynd ac yn wynebu argyfwng recriwtio wrth i ysbytai ac archfarchnadoedd gystadlu am weithwyr.Mae Cymdeithas Llywodraeth Leol Cymru yn dweud bod yn rhaid i awdurdodau lleol gael fwy o arian i dalu cy
Afghanistan beat Ireland in the Intercontinental Cup match at the Indian venue of Greater Noida.
Swansea manager Paul Clement says his side have come a long way in the last two and a half months.
Border Force officers found 19 Albanians and one Syrian hidden in a trailer carrying machinery at North Shields ferry terminal
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock believes his management has been key in getting the best out of Cardiff U21 striker Frederik Zohore. Cardiff United boss Neil "Warnock" Warnock says he believes his manager has been a key factor in the transformation of Cardiff United U21 forward Frederik (Zohore) from a "waste of time" to a "disappointing" player.
Fendall was jailed for 19 months and Hussell was sentenced to 16 months.
US stocks fall as Tiffany's reports better-than-expected results. The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 20 points to end at 20,914.62.
Phase two of the project will see demolition of the rear function room of the Ship and Anchor pub.
The bird, which is named LM12, arrived on Thursday, the earliest reappearance of a resident bird there in almost 50 years
Wales'Super sub' Ken Owens celebrates his 50th-cap against France in the Six Nations on Saturday. "Super sub" Ken Owens is pleased to have started all of Wales' Six Nations matches this season.
Swindon Town 1, Millwall 0: Conor Thomas scores late winner as Millwall go down. Conor Thomas celebrates after scoring the winner in the 94th minute to give his side a 1-0 victory over Millwall. Swindton Town 1-1 Millwall    Swindam Town 1 - 0 Millwall Conor Thomas   Conor Thomas (Swindon Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner.Hand ball by Lee Gregory (Millwall).Corner,  Millwall.Conor Thomas is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Crawley Town 3, Leyton Orient 0: Three first-half goals in the space of 10 minutes condemn the O's to a fourth successive defeat as Crawley tasted victory for the first time in seven matches.Crawley had failed to score in their previous three home games but leading marksman James Collins swooped to give them the lead with his 20th goal of the season midway through the half.Orient edged the opening exchanges but lost defender Tom Parkes through injury before Steven Alzate was denied on the edge of the area by keeper Glenn Morris.Defender Joe McNerney rose unchallenged to head home
Luke Berry (Cambridge United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right.Steven Schumacher (Stevenage) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Foul by Luke Berry.Luke Berry.Steven Chumacher.Stevenage.StevenSchumacher wins a free kick on the left wing.Steven Shumacher, Stevenage. Steven Schumager.Stevens Schummacher,  Stevenage.Steven Schumiacher ( Stevenage).Steven Schumaracher.Matthew Godden,    Cambridge United.Steven Godden.Steven G
Danny Rose (Morecambe) header from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.Foul by Michael Duckworth (Mansfield Town).Attempt blocked.Shaquile Coulthirst (Mousfield Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Daniel Rose (M Mansfield Town), right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.Fouls by Dean Winnard (morecambe).Attempt missed.Daniel White (Monsfield Town, left footed) header is saved by Jake Kean.Daniel Green (Moosfield Town); left handed
Paul Paul Benson (Dagenham and Redbridge) is shown the yellow card.Scott Fenwick replaces Adriano Moke.Amari Morgan-Smith replaces Sam Muggleton.Scott Doe replaces Luke Guttridge.Scott Loach replaces Elliott Romain.Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
Sutton United 5, North Ferriby United 1.  Sutton United 4, North Fergie United 1.First Half ends, Sutton United 3, North Ferdinandy United 0.Goal!First Half begins.  North Ferriy United 2, West Bromwich Albion 0.  Jamie Collins (Sutton United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Reece Thompson (North Fergies United)    Maxime Biamou (South Sutton United).Goal!Second Half begins Sutton United 1, North Farriby 1.  Roarie Deacon (South West Brom United
The items have been highlighted during recent sonar scanning of the waterway in an effort to locate the remains of 11-year-old Moira Anderson.She left her grandmother's house in Coatbridge on 23 February 1957 to go to the shops but never returned.The search involved the use of ground-penetrating radar and magnetometry, which identifies magnetic anomalies within the water and silt layer of the canal.The first phase of the operation last week focused on a 170m (185 yards) stretch of canal at Carnbroe. Although it is 3.5m (11.5ft) deep,
Ski slopestyle: Lindsey Cheshire sixth in Sierra Nevada final. Britain's Lindsay Cheshire is sixth in the women's halfpipe final of the World Cup in the Sierra Nevada ski resort of Sierra Nevada.
Golf: Rory McIlroy moves up to eighth after seven-under 65 at Bay Hill. RORY MCILROY has moved up to a tie for eighth after a seventh-round 65 at the PGA Tour's Bay Hill event.
The coastguard received the alert just before 23:00 GMT on Saturday
SearchSearch crews hope the missing crew will be located in the wreckage of the helicopterThe search, which has been impeded by adverse weather, will also focus on finding the bodies of chief pilot Mark Duffy and winchmen Paul Ormsby and Ciarán SmithThey were among four people who were on Irish Coastguard Rescue 116 helicopter when it crashed
A giant orb covered in detailed NASA imagery of the lunar surface has been installed at the University of Bristol. A floating artwork has been placed in the Great Hall at Bristol University to welcome the university's new chancellor Sir Paul Nurse.
Antrim beat Laois 1-10 to 0-11. Antrim ease their relegation worries with CJ McGourty netting in a win against Laois.
The introduction of 15 Brexit bills before the UK even exits the EU "will leave very little space for non-Brexit related legislation", a think tank has warned.The extra measures will place "a huge burden" on Parliament and government departments, the think tank says.The attitude of the SNP may also affect the passage of Brexit laws, it adds.The IFG - an independent charity that aims to increase government effectiveness - says departments will need "ruthlessly to prioritise" other legislation and find non-legislative routes to get the laws through, particularly given the government's narrow Commons majority.It warns that this will
The Ministry of Defence confirmed it was possibly some kind of ordnance
The Eden Project's Sir Tim Smit is its trustee. It also has the backing of the Royal Society and the Natural History Museum.
Wales First Minister Carwyn Jones told The Guardian newspaper that people's "sense of disengagement with Brussels" could attach itself to London after Brexit.The UK government said it will trigger the Article 50 process on March 29.Mrs May, visiting Swansea, promised to seek the "best possible deal" that would work for everyone across the UK.
Sudan's poetry scene in the capital Khartoum is under threat from state-endorsed competitions and publications trying to replace a once-thriving poetry scene.But in typical Sudanese fashion, coercion has only spurred resistance.Sudan's youth now sing along to their own tune to fight censorship and control, with the world as their stage.A platform for free expression, where Arabic and English-speaking poets enjoy what my friend Sara Elhassan describes as an open mic that is actually "open".A luxury in the heavily guarded city, the event has survived raids, threats and scrutiny from
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here runner-up Jordan Wright to join Isthmian League side Billericay Town. I'm a Celebrity Get me Out Of here runner-ups Jordan Wright is to join non-league side Billicay Town.
Elgan Varney, 33, was accused of raping Hannah Stubbs, who was a student at Keele University, in Staffordshire.The 22-year-old killed herself at her Stafford home in August 2015.
Former Ulster hooker John Clarke will become head coach of the Wellington Lions in New Zealand.
West London Mental Health NHS Trust has invited watchdog Healthwatch to speak to its residents. The hospital, based in Crowthorne and home to some of the UK's most notorious killers, was issued with a Care Quality Commission warning notice.
George Clooney turned up unexpectedly at Sunrise of Sonning, a care home in Berkshire, to treat resident Pat Adams.
The UK government finally made clear the date it will officially trigger the Brexit process.Next Wednesday.But whereas Saturday really is a huge deal for the EU -.
Researchers have found a way to minimise the effects of brain damage after a stroke by blocking a protein in the venom of funnel-web spiders.The researchers, from the University of Queensland and Monash University, found the protein Hi1a blocked acid-sensing ion channels in the brain - something the researchers say are key drivers of the damage caused by stroke.A stroke is a brain attack that happens when the blood supply to part of the brain is cut off or there is bleeding on the brain.The Stroke Association said the research was at its early stages but it would "welcome any treatment that has the
Noah Zunde, who was 22 months old, succumbed to heatstroke after being left in the car for seven hours.
Cole Stockton (Tranmere Rovers) is shown the yellow card.Adam Mekki replaces Connor Jennings.Liam Ridehalgh replaces Adam Mekki.Ross Lafayette replaces Moses Emmanuel.First Half begins.Lineups are announced and players are warming up.Cole Stockton replaces Andy Cook.First half ends, Tranmere 0, Dover Athletic 0.Second Half begins, Dover 1, Dover 0.Andy Cook (Dover Athletic) has been sent off for a second bookable offence.Andy Mangan (Tover Athletic), Sam Magri (Troy Athletic) and James Norwood (T Dover Athletic)
Ivanka Trump, who owns a fashion brand, will join husband Jared Kushner, who is a senior adviser to the president.The 35-year-old will have security clearance and access to classified information, but no official title or salary when she works in the West Wing.She will serve as her father's "eyes and ears" while providing broad-ranging advice, her attorney told Politico.Ms Trump's lawyer, Jamie Gorelick, told AP news agency: "Our view is that the conservative approach is for Ivanka to voluntarily comply with the rules that would apply if she were a government employee, even though she is not."But
Naomi Gwynne wrote to South Lanarkshire Council after finding her brother Isaac was unable to use the swings.
Some people are calling for lots more homes to be built in the UK and the Woodland Trust say they are worried that building new houses would mean that old trees would be chopped down to clear spaceThe Government have been talking about the issue in a new White Paper, which presents ideas for changes to the law.It could mean that some trees in England would be protected like historic buildings.
Wendy Houvenaghel accuses British Cycling of 'ageism' and 'zero regard' for her welfare. Paralympic gold medallist and former Olympic silver medallister Wendy "ageism" and former British Cycling technical director Shane Sutton have been accused of "zero regard" for athlete welfare. British Cycling has been accused by former Paralympian Wendy "Ageism", who was dropped from the 2012 Olympic team, of "bullying" her team-mates in the aftermath of the London 2012 Olympics.
Mer Merseyrail said the strikes would "do immeasurable damage" to Liverpool's reputation.
The case is the first heard since the law was challenged in 2014 and 2015.The case is being heard at the High Court in London in a bid to change the law to allow terminally ill adults to make their own decisions about ending their lives. The case, which was brought by the Care Not Killing Alliance and Dignity in Dying, will be heard by Lord Justice Burnett, sitting in London with Mr Justice Charles and Mr Justice Jay.Mr Conway, 67, who was diagnosed in November 2014 and is not expected to live beyond 12 months, said he should be free to determine his own death.He wants a declaration
Sale Sharks 19-5 Exeter Chiefs. AJ MacGinty lands four penalties and Denny Solomona scores a try to leave Exeter second in the Premiership.
Wasps 24-10 Worcester. Wasps' Alapati Leiua, Josh Bassett and Brendan Macken score two tries each as Worcester beat Wasps to secure a bonus-point win. Worcester Warriors boss Dai Young says his side showed huge character in an outstanding performance against Wasps. Worcester Warwickshire: Beale; Wade, Le Roux; Cipriani, Robson; McIntyre, Johnson (capt), Moore, Rowlands, Myall, Haskell, Young, Rieder.Replacements: Cruse, Mullan, Cooper-Woolley, Symons, Thompson,
Saracens 24-10 Bath. Chris Ashton scores two tries in a dominant second-half performance for Bath as they suffer their third straight defeat. Sarries' Chris Ashton celebrates his second try with his signature swallow celebration in a win over Bath Sarries: Ashton, Bosch, Barritt, Goode, George, Figallo, Itoje, Hamilton, Rhodes, Wray, Vunipola.
Wrexham's drug problem: Is the problem any worse than it ever was in north Wales' biggest town, and are drug users switching to new psychoactives? Lisa is a former drug addict. By her own admission, she used to take every drug available to her. She has been five years in recovery though, and now works with charity and support services provider CAIS, trying to help users who want to go into recovery. She does not believe the number of drug users has increased in the last decade. Nor does she believe other towns of a similar size probably experience similar problems to Wrexham.
The UN refugee agency says more than 2,600 refugees have been forcibly returned to Nigeria from Cameroon this year, despite an agreement earlier this month.The UNHCR said the returnees were forced to leave their young children behind in Cameroon, including a child less than three years old.The returnees are now settled in the Banki camp for internally displaced people.
The London Taxi Company's (LTC) Ansty Park site in Coventry is the home of its new electric taxi, the TX5.
Gyhoeddwyd canlyniad y bleidlais gyhoeddus ym Mrwsel nos Fawrth, fe ddaeth Derwen Brimmon - coeden tua 500 mlwydd oed ger Y Drenewydd - yn ail i goeden 650 oed yn Wisniowa yng Ngwlad Pwyl.
The US and UK have announced new carry-on restrictions banning laptops on certain passenger flights.
Kevin Paddick, 34, of Rosemary Road, Clacton, Essex, is accused of murder
A large scale public order incident occurred at Stapleford Abbotts Golf Club, Essex, on Tuesday night.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he was "stunned" when he was invited to be Donald Trump's secretary of state. Secretary of state Rex Tillerson has said he was stunned to be invited by Donald Trump to be his secretary of State. "I didn't want this job.
A raccoon has been rescued from the roof of a house in Cambridgeshire after it was spotted on top of the roof by a homeowner.The runaway critter was spotted in Whittlesey on Sunday morning, but it was "a bit of a wrestle as he was not the friendliest of raccoons", said the charity's Josh Flanagan. A racoon has been saved after it escaped from a house on a roof.
A crowdfunding campaign to raise £50,000 for a memorial to David Bowie has failed to hit its target.The 9m (30ft) tall red and blue statue, dubbed the ZiggyZag, was proposed for middle of Brixton, Bowie's birthplace.
A 15-year-old girl in Chicago, Illinois, who went missing on Sunday has been subject to an online and in-person harassment campaign after her alleged sexual assault was live streamed on Facebook Live.The girl's mother says local children have been ringing her doorbell looking for the girl, who has been afraid to return to the Lawndale neighbourhood where she lives. The girl went missing in west Chicago on Sunday after she was allegedly sexually assaulted by a group of children.
St Peter's of Drogheda defeated St Mary's of Monaghan 2-10 to 1-6 in the Hogan semi-final at Inniskeen.
Shana Grice, 19, was found with her throat cut in her bedroom at her Brighton home in August 2016.Her ex-boyfriend Michael Lane, 27, of Portslade, had placed a tracker device on her car, Lewes Crown Court heard.He was found guilty of murder after a jury returned its guilty verdict after just over two hours of deliberation.He is due to be sentenced on Thursday.Mr Justice Green warned Lane he faces a life sentence with a "very substantial minimum term".During the two-week trial, Lane admitted he had stalked Miss Grice and had lied to police
Harlow is a town in Essex, England.It is credited as having the first modern high-rise residential tower block, The Lawn, which opened in 1951.Designed for 60,000 by English architect, Frederick Gibberd, the town also included.
Scottish Athletics said it was shocked by the decision.
Jerusalem police officer headbutts, slaps and kicks driver as they quarrel beside a lorry. An Israeli policeman has been arrested after a video emerged showing him headbutting, slapping and kicking a Palestinian driver in a dispute over a parking spot.
Five people died and dozens were hurt after an attacker - now named as Khalid Masood - drove a car on a pavement, stabbed a policeman and was shot dead by police in the grounds of
The mudlarkers who comb the shore of London's River Thames.Originally a term for the city's poor who scraped a meagre living by scavenging in the river's mud, it has been adopted by a new breed of treasure hunters, often armed with metal detectors.These men and women show off their favourite finds, and discuss the joys of mudlarksing.Sara Smith, RotherhitheAlthough she began only in October last year, Andrea makes time to go to the shore up to six times a week.She uses a metal detector, alongside her eyes and a trow
Coral bleaching - where corals turn white and may die - was the worst on record for Australia's iconic Great Barrier Reef in 2016.
The Taliban has already captured a few of the 14 districts of Helmand, which borders Pakistan.According to some estimates, the insurgent group now controls more than half of the province, which produces the bulk of Afghanistan's lucrative opium crop.Reports say that the Afghan security forces pulled out overnight from the district headquarters and the main bazaar, after the Taliban launched a major attack.The Taliban insurgents had been trying to capture the Sangin headquarters for two years.The Afghan soldiers and police who had been fighting hard to repel the repeated attacks by Taliban fighters, at times complained about not receiving reinforcements and being short of ammunition and food
Pro12: Ulster 14-14 Scarlets. Ulster twice open a seven-point lead through tries by wing Craig Gilroy and full-back Jared Payne, but Dragons hit back with scores by Rynard Landman and Ollie Griffiths.
Abertay University has been ranked ninth in the world for its school of arts, media and computer games.
Amanda Telfer, 43, died when three frames fell on her as she walked past a building site in London.
Scotland boss Mark McGhee says no-one should read too much into a disappointing 1-1 friendly draw against Canada.
Dia Diaf Sakho has missed the start of the season with a back problem.
23 March 2017 Last updated at 14:55 GMT
Teacher Christopher Clarke, 29, contacted girls, aged 15 and 16 at the time, via Facebook, Snapchat and Twitter
He hit the woman, causing her to fall to the ground, and then raped herDet Insp Louise Harvie said: "Extensive inquiries are continuing to trace whoever is responsible for this serious sexual assault."There are three men that officers wish to trace as they were seen in the area near to where the incident took place, and may have seen the suspect or unwittingly witnesses something vital to this investigation."
Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's far-right National Front party, has met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Russia's president Vladimir Putin has met French presidential candidate Marine Le Pe in Moscow, saying that he was not seeking to influence the country's election. President Putin's meeting with Ms Le Pen comes after the Kremlin was accused of meddling in the US election in support of Donald Trump.
Indian MP Ravindra Gaikwad said he "hit him 25 times with my sandal" for "arrogance" after failing to get a business class seat on an Air India flight. An Indian MP has been banned from flying on all flights operated by India's major airlines after he allegedly assaulted an airline staff member with his sandal.The Shiv Sena party is a junior coalition partner in the Maharashtra state government, and has resorted to physical attacks against those its members and supporters oppose.Over time, it has acquired a reputation for promoting religious and ethnic chauvinism.
A bidder to run University Hospital of Hartlepool's fertility services was rejected, despite already running services there.
The hairpin bend and steep hill at Berriedale Braes has presented drivers, in particular HGVs and other long vehicles, with a very challenging road to negotiate.
Khalid Masood was shot dead by a member of Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon's close protection team, rather than a uniformed officer stationed at the gate
Six workers have been exposed to low levels of radioactive material while working on a Scottish oil platform, it has been revealed.The incident happened on EnQuests's Thistle platform, off Shetland, last December.Rigging supervisor Steve Innes, from Sunderland, said the workers now faced cancer fears, and blood tests were ongoing.He said EnQuest had failed in its duty of care.Wood Group said "additional precautionary steps" had since been taken.A spokesperson for the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) said: "HSE has been made aware of this incident."However, it was not
A grant of £1.25m was provided in 2013 to encourage authorities to install equipment in council chambers to allow them to broadcast meetings online.
Four out of Wales' seven health boards are facing a £146m deficit in the next financial year, according to figures released by the Welsh Government. The health boards will not face a bill to repay the money, but they will be expected to balance their books next year.
Gillingham want new stadium at Mill Hill in Medway, opposite their training ground.Gillingham are hoping to construct a new stadium in a bid to keep their Premier League status, according to manager Paul Scally.
Leinster 14-7 Cardiff Blues. Dan Leavy and Luke McGrath score tries to give the hosts a seventh successive Pro12 win at the RDS.
A farmer has apologised after a picture of him pulling carrots on an organic farm was used on Tesco's website.Martin Godfrey said he had never supplied Tesco and was surprised to find the picture being used on the firm's website.
Matthew Williams was found attacking Cerys Yemm, 22, at the Sirhowy Arms Hotel in Argoed on 6 November 2014.
Rhiannon Smith, 21, was involved in a collision between a black Range Rover and a grey Toyota Yaris on the A48 on 16 March.
Hendry retired after being knocked out of the 2012 World Championship
President Donald Trump has pulled the vote on the American Health Care Act in the US House of Representatives, after it became apparent it would not get the required number of Republican votes to pass it.The last minute move was seen as a huge blow to Mr Trump.Repealing and replacing the programme known as Obamacare was one of his major election pledges.The vote was withdrawn shortly after 15:30, and the House is now in recess.Republicans currently have a majority in both the House and the Senate.However, some Republicans were unhappy that the bill cut health coverage too severely, while others felt the changes did not go far
Leicester City v Stoke City. Leicester City host Stoke City as Craig Shakespeare bids to become the first British manager to win his first four Premier League games.
A new camera has been installed at a lifeboat station in Porthcawl, in Bridgend county, which is notorious for crashing waves that can risk sweeping people out to sea.It is hoped the RNLI camera will reduce the number of launches at the station, which had the second highest number for Wales in 2015.The camera was supplied by Swansea-based PC-1 and Axis Communications.PC-1's online project manager Graham Thomas said: "We installed a weather station and connected the installation to YouTube, allowing the public and lifeboat staff to view real-time images and accurate weather reports - including
A row erupted after council proposals for new contracts for more than 2,000 staff.
"barbaric atrocity". "No matter what terrorists may claim, under no circumstances are indiscriminate acts, or killings ever justified."
The company launched its Big Experience Week after it said it would struggle to staff its outlets following Brexit.
I learned a lot about myself [against Joubert]. I was impressed with my own performance."I caught him clean a few times and he took them and he came back at me and hit me a couple of times himself."Once I started finding my range, started catching him with good shots, it didn't take me long once I caught him Clean."I learned I can deal with having to get cuts and when it gets rough I can carry on with it.
British Open women's final to be first all-English women's title match since 1991. England's Laura Massaro will take on Australia's Katie Perry in the first women's British Open final since 1991 in Hull on Sunday after beating top seed Nour El Sherbini of Egypt 5-11 7-11 11-5 11-3 11-6.
Gareth Bale will miss one game through suspension, the visit to Group D leaders Serbia on June 11.Neil Taylor will also be absent in Belgrade, the Aston Villa defender facing a potential three-match ban for the challenge which saw Republic captain Seamus Coleman require surgery on his shattered right leg.Reading defender Gunter, who became Wales' joint-third most capped player on Friday, says Wales have shown they can win without key players, even Bale, the world's second most expensive player."We've missed important players in the past and we've always said it's not a one-man team," Gunter said. "For
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths ready to break his duck for Scotland against Slovenia. Celtic striker Leo Griffiths says he is ready to score his first international goal against Slovenia in Sunday's friendly.
Caf president Mohamed El Amrani has resigned, the body's new president, Ahmad Ahmad, announced on Sunday.Hayatou was deposed as Caf president 10 days ago.
Andrew Bickel, 39, was fixing a light at the Catwel shop in Cardiff when he nipped out to his van and returned to find his tools were gone.
Henry Moore's Draped Seated Woman was moved from a council estate in Stepney, east London, on loan to Yorkshire Sculpture Park in 1997.
It would be the centrepiece of a "merchant city" development.
The National Portrait Gallery commissions feature people from the worlds of culture, politics, sport and fashion.
Shrewsbury Town 1, Millwall 2. Millwall break the deadlock in the 35th minute with a free-kick from Tony Craig and a shot on the turn from 15 yards into the bottom corner of the net.Shaun Hutchinson (Millwall) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.Conceded by Tom King.Shawn Hutchinson is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Foul by Gary Deegan (Shropshire Town).Shaun Whalley wins a free kick on the right wing.Shane Ferguson (Mill
St Johnstone midfielder Craig McLean signs new deal. St Johns midfielder Craig MacLean signs a new two-year deal with the Saints.
The chief executive of a company that was awarded a £39m deal to purchase both spruce and larch timber has denied that a saw mill line has not been installed by the end of March, the Welsh Assembly's Public Accounts Committee has heard.Emyr Roberts did not give a clear answer as to whether that has happened.He said the deal - an effort to deal with diseased larch - was a success.Although he was happy with the decision, Mr Roberts admitted that its documentation was "not good", that there should have been more discussion with Welsh Government and that the executive board could have had a
In the aftermath of Khalid Masood's assault on London, the BBC received a number of questions from people concerned about safety and security on our streets. Here, BBC London's home affairs correspondent Nick Beake answers the most popular.
Ipswich Town 3, Wigan Athletic 0: McGoldrick and Sears double Latics lead. Ipswich beat Wigan 3-0 to move seven points clear of the drop zone and move nine points clear at the top of League One after three games. David Berrow (Ipswich Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Ryan Colclough. Brian Grant (Wigan Athletic) header from the right wing is saved by Bartosz Bialkowski.Assisted by Alex Gilbey, Brian Grant is shown a yellow card for
The campaign for a new range of emoji flags was started by Jeremy Burge of Emojipedia and BBC Wales' social media lead Owen Williams.
Politics dominates the front pages of the papers again today as the clock which was supposed to stop yesterday at 16:00 keeps on ticking.The Belfast Telegraph seems to have run out of patience and says of stalemate MLAs who failed to secure an agreement: "Give them three months then stop their pay."It quotes a member of the panel that sets MLAs' salaries who says their wages cost the taxpayer £13.5m per year - about the same as the botched Renewable Heating Incentive scheme that brought down the power-sharing executive.Former Ass Chief Const Alan McQuillan says there would be public fury
AG Barr reported pre-tax profits up 4% to £43m in the year to 31 January, on flat sales at £257m.
The Ulster Gazette carries the story of a Portadown man who was stopped on his way back from a Bulgarian 'lad's holiday' with a knuckle duster, stun device, extendable baton and pepper spray.Conor Seeley, 23, of Charlestown Road, contested eight charges against him, but a district judge found him guilty of all the offences.He said: "When people come back from Spain they bring sombreros and donkeys, you brought back pepper spray."A border force officer giving evidence in the case told the court that "lots" of offensive weapons are brought in from
Broadchurch star Tennant plays the debauched lead character in Don Juan in SohoPatrick Marber's play - first seen in 2006 - has been updated and now includes references to US President Donald Trump and vloggingSpeaking after Tuesday's opening night, Tennant revealed that Marber had written in a line about the Daily Mail's controversial "Legs-it" headline, but it didn't make the show."We chickened out at the last second!"
A man who collected identity details from people he had deceived into applying for fake jobs at a Glasgow hotel has been jailed.He used the details to obtain their marriage certificates before using them to register the fake births.McWhirter then used the birth certificates to claim benefits.
The port at Invergordon is providing space for storing parts for the turbines and also office accommodation.
Google Home will be available in stores such as Argos, John Lewis, Dixons and Maplin from 6 April.
The Lincoln attraction is to honour the air crews' efforts with exhibitions, information and accounts from service personnel and survivors.The centre - set to open in September - still needs £2m in donations and events are being held to raise the cash.
Oxford's head of equality Trudy Coe said it was "sending a signal".This commissioning of portraits is one of the biggest projects by the university to create a more diverse range of people portrayed in its public places - including more women, people from ethnic minorities, gays and lesbians and people with disabilities.
Gloucester 23-20 Cardiff Blues. Gloucester beat Cardiff Blues at Kingholm to reach the quarter-finals of the European Cup.
When Danny Won The Masters: When Danny Willett and Jonny Smart's memories of the final round at Augusta National. When Danny won The Masters, the friends share their memories of an unforgettable Sunday afternoon playing the back nine at the Masters. The two Yorkshiremen had those same moments growing up around Sheffield in the early part of the century. The pair were playing with fellow Englishman and friend Lee Westwood, who was only playing in the tournament because his son Zachariah was born a week early. Media playback is not supported on this device Jonny: We were two under through the first nine but we were still
"It sounds ridiculous, but there is a lot of air in Easter eggs relative to their value in weight," says Helen Pattinson, co-founder of boutique British chocolate chain Montezuma's. "It's a tradition amongst my friends too, both Western and Asian. I spend between 100 to 150 Hong Kong dollars (£10-£15; $13-$19) on chocolates for the annual Easter egg hunt, which my kids thoroughly enjoy."Easter seems to be a growing trend, partly because clubs and restaurants promote it extensively."Plus Hong Kong has a large expat community, a large proportion of
Westinghouse has suffered huge cost overruns at two US projects in Georgia and South Carolina.Toshiba warned that the writedown of its US nuclear business could see Toshiba's total losses last year exceed 1 trillion yen ($9.1bn; £7.3bn), almost triple its previous estimate.However, the bankruptcy could still have far-reaching consequences for the UK's future nuclear plans. Toshiba has a 60% stake in NuGen, a joint venture with France's Engie, which has the contract to build a new nuclear power plant in Cumbria in the UK.
In an email from Fergus Wilson to his letting agency, leaked to The Sun, he banned "coloured" people from renting his homes "because of the curry smell".
The Alliance for National Parks Cymru, which includes a number of conservation bodies, said it risks diminishing their international standing.
Norwich City 0-3 Huddersfield Town: Elias Kachunga scores 12th goal of the season. Norwich City are nine points off a play-off place with six games to play after losing 3-0 at home to struggling Huddertonsfield Town. Norwich's Jonathan Hogg is ruled out for the remainder of the campaign with a neck injury. Norwich goalkeeper Michael McGovern makes a save from a low shot from Aaron Mooy and Nahki Wells fires in a third goal to put the Canaries ahead. Norwich defender Ryan Bennett fails to deal with Tommy Smith's hopeful pass forward. Norwich are nine
Northern Ireland's devolved finances have today been passed to David Sterling.He has taken over because the last finance minister, Máirtín Ó Muilleoir, did not agree a budget.The senior civil servant will use emergency powers to release cash and resources to departments until a new budget is in place.But the News Letter has pointed to Mr Sterling's links to the Renewable Heat Incentive.Mr Sterling was not personally responsible for designing the RHI scheme, something which was done by the Energy Division within DETI.But it says that newly released emails show how staff in the Department of Agriculture, Environment and
Dyfed-Powys Police said training would begin on Wednesday ahead of them being deployed on the streets.
Virgin Media originally said it had connected 465,000 new premises in the UK and Ireland in 2016. But following a review, that number has been revised down to 314,000.
Dear President TuskOn 23 June last year, the people of the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union. As I have said before, that decision was no rejection of the values we share as fellow Europeans. The referendum was a vote to restore, as we see it, our national self-determination. We want to make sure that Europe remains strong and prosperous and is capable of projecting its values, leading in the world, and defending itself from security threats.
Bower signs new contract at Sixways.
Watch this flipping fantastic stunt!Lee O'Donnell, whose nickname is the 'Mad Scientist', pulled it off at the Monster Jam World Finals
Katy Perry will make her debut at the festival, following a clutch of politically-charged performances at this year's Grammys and Brit Awards.
Kian Passey, 28, and her former partner Wayne Dale, 45, left Kian and another two-year-old child alone while the pair entertained a friend.Kian was later discovered motionless in an overflowing bath by Mr Dale. His death was consistent with drowning, including what was believed to be soap bubbles in his lungs.
Arriva Trains Wales has been criticised for having too many overcrowded trains.
Journalists are being murdered in Mexico and this is nothing new. This is one of the most dangerous countries for reporters, rights groups say, and more die here than in any other nation at peace.But even for a place so used to drugs-related violence and organised crime, the recent bloodshed has been shocking.Seven journalists have been killed in the country so far this year, most shot by gunmen in broad daylight.Since 2000, at least 106 journalists have been killed across Mexico, according to rights group Article 19. Exact numbers are hard to come by as investigations often get nowhere and different studies apply different criteria in counting
Carwyn Jones has complained that he didn't see the letter before it was published on Wednesday.The first minister told AMs: "I discussed the Article 50 letter in general terms with the prime minister.
Georgia Brace will take on an as yet unnamed opponent for the vacant WBC International bantamweight title
Under article 16.6 of the code, it opted to suspend half of the sanction for six months.
David Ellam, 52, was attacked as he walked his Yorkshire terrier, Rolo, near his home in Sheepridge, Huddersfield, last August.
Kayden was taken to Royal Manchester Children's Hospital, where he was admitted to a ward and, in Julie's words, "basically put in a room, and left".He was in a lot of pain. And all we got, nearly every day, was excuses which resulted in failings in the run-up to his operation. They were coming up with excuses, 'There's no bed, or a car crash victim's come in, they've took we've took his bed.' "I was just so angry with them because nobody would listen. Nobody would listen to how much pain he was in, and
H&M to launch new brand Arket in London. Swedish fashion retailer H&amp;M is to launch a new brand in London as part of a bid to compete with fast fashion rival Inditex.The move comes as competition online and on the High Street is squeezing profits at the fashion giant.
Hugh McGoldrick spent six days in jail after admitting falsifying drug trials on patients with sleep disorders.
Mae'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr yn dweud mai'r nod yw "darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol wrth adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd, ac yn unol â'r drefn a fabwysiadwyd yn fwy cyffredinol, wrth ddeddfu pan fyddwn ni'n gadael, mae'r Llywodraeth yn bwriadu
The Eurocopter AS55 Ecureuil 2 (Twin Squirrel), made by Airbus, has a cruising speed of 140mph (225km/h)
Red Bull were the only team to beat Mercedes last year and finished second in the championship.Red Bull were clearly the third best team in Melbourne, there is good reason to believe they will make it a three-way fight at the front in 2017.
James Taylor has joined Nottinghamshire and Yorkshire's one-day squad.
The Council for Wales of Voluntary Youth Services (CWVYS) will be responsible for the registration and regulation of youth work and work-based learning practitioners.
Lindahl, 33, who has been with Chelsea since December 2014, won Olympic silver with her country
Robert McNab was sentenced to almost three years in jail for downloading indecent images of children.
The Wales Air Ambulance and three road ambulances attended the crash
Venezuela's Supreme Court has suspended the country's constitutional assembly, saying it is in contempt of the constitution.The court ruled that the assembly was in contempt and said it would exercise congressional functions.The charge stems from alleged electoral irregularities by three opposition lawmakers in elections in 2015.The head of the OAS Luis Almagro accused President Nicolas Maduro's government of carrying out what he described as a coup against itself.Several other Latin American countries expressed concern too.Peru recalled its ambassador to Caracas, saying there had been a rupture of democracy.
You can find out more about what anxiety is and how it can affect you by reading our guide, here.
Kim Jong-nam's body has been released as part of a deal under which nine Malaysians previously prevented from leaving North Korea have now arrived home. The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's estranged half-brother has arrived in Malaysia, the country's chief of police says.The body of the North Korean citizen who died in Malaysia and relevant DPRK citizens have returned to the DPRK today via Beijing, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said.The two countries had been locked in a diplomatic row in the wake of Mr Kim's murder in Kuala Lumpur last month.Both countries had banned each other's citizens from leaving.
The tiny pad was appraised by manuscripts specialist Matthew Haley during an episode filmed at Caversham Park in Berkshire
Birmingham City Council has been rated "good" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).The watchdog assessed the authority's services between January 16 and February 9.
Laser mapping will be used to measure the impact of extreme weather on six Welsh islands in the Irish sea.
Theresa May's letter triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty she states: "We believe its necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU.'But Donald Tusk responded today: "Starting parallel talks on all issues at the same time as suggested by some in the UK will not happen."Bluntly, the divorce bill would have to settled before talks on trade can begin.What's more, only one party to the break-up, the European Council, would decide if the settlement is good enough.This rebuff was always likely, and the Downing Street response restrained - in effect
Sir Michael said too few of the 28 members were meeting Nato's annual 2% defence spending target and countries needed to "raise their game".The Trump administration has said other countries must bear more of the cost.
Charl Charlton Athletic supporter Daniel Boylett, 36, of Eltham, was found guilty at Croydon Crown Court of attempted damage for the attack on Kayla.Boylett was arrested after trouble broke out at the match on 23 September 2015.The court heard handler Chris Belsey was walking around the Selhurst Park pitch with the bird on his forearm at the game.He said Mr Belsey did not know if the punch had landed and Kayla "seemed unhurt", but "due to her delicate bone structure if she had been hit with force, her bones could easily break".Four other men were on trial with
British Amateur champion Matthew Gregory to tee off at Augusta National for the first time. British amateur Matthew Gregory is hoping for better fortunes than his mixed experience over two rounds of The Open at Royal Troon last July. Matthew Gregory will play his first round of the Masters on Thursday after winning the British Amateur Championship last summer.
Man convicted of murdering sister Julie. A man has been found guilty of murdering his sister and setting fire to her home in Manchester.
Alex O'Meara and Alex Day agree new one-year contracts at Penryn. Penryn are sixth in the Championship with two games to go, with 19 players confirmed for next season.
Some families will be almost £3,000 a year worse off under the new rules.
Samuel Armstrong, 23, of Copt Hill, Danbury, Essex, is charged with two counts of rape and one of sexual assault.
NigerNiger is one of the biggest uranium producers in the world and the metal is the country's largest exportMany people turned up on Friday morning outside the court in the capital, Niamey, as representatives of civil society movements arrived to register the court actionTheir complaint alleges embezzlement of public funds, money laundering, forgery and conspiracy to defraudThe legal action centres on the allegation that Areva in 2011 bought a stock of uranium from Niger at a discounted priceNiger has two significant uranium mines that provides 7.5% of the world mining output from Africa's highest-grade uranium ores
The gang carried a handgun, a crowbar and a machete as they burst into the Kirkcaldy home of Dwayne Kinner, who was with his cousin Nicholas Roberts.
Kasabian's You're In Love With A Psycho video
The number of prosecutions for careless and dangerous driving in England and Wales fell by 23 per cent in the five years to 2015. In the same period the number of convictions fell by nearly 30 per cent.
Premier League matches to be played on the same night as Champions League games.
A postie has apologised after finding a parcel in the toilet.The card read: "I'm really sorry I think your parcel might have fallen down the toilet...Accidently (sic)"
The Handlebar Club, which is holding the contest as it celebrates its 70th year, first met on 1 April 1947, and according to club secretary Steve Parsons.
Motherwell 0-1 Partick Thistle. Motherwell goalkeeper Tomas Cerny makes a save to keep out Kris Doolan's header from the left-hand side of the box as Partick thistle hold on for a 1-0 win over Motherwell at Fir Park.Partick's Chris Erskine scored his 100th goal for the Jags in the opening half, while Motherwell failed to seriously trouble their hosts in the first period. Partick's Kris Erskiel scored a first-half goal to give his side an early lead as Motherwell held on to earn a point at Fir
Inverness 3-0 St Johnstone: Saints 2-0 Caley Thistle. Steven Maclean and Graham Cummins seal victory for St. Johnstone in a thrilling 1-0 win over Invernedess CT. Steven Mackay scores the opening goal and Liam Craig scores the winner for St Johnston in a dramatic 1-2 win over Caley THistle. St Johnstones boss Tommy Wright: "It is a tough time of the season to be sitting bottom, and I need real men to stand up to that, but not enough of them did that today."It is pure luck we are
The 26-year-old victim had been standing at a bus stop in Wallacewell Quadrant in Glasgow at about 23:45 on Friday when a car pulled up beside him. A young man who was a passenger in the car got out and chased him with a hammer into a nearby park.
Hamilton Hamilton Academical have suspended both players involved in the incident that led to the sending off of Murray Davidson.Hamilton midfielder Scott Wright says he did not see the incident as he had already started walking up the tunnel following the half time whistle
British backpacker Daniel Clarke dies in Thailand. A backpacker has died after falling from a train in Thailand, Thai police say.He said Mr Clarke, from Aldershot, told police that he stepped out to smoke between two carriages.
Kenny Miller (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.Joe Garner (Aberdeen) hits the bar with a left footed free kick from the right wing.Joe Dodoo (Dodoo) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Kenny McLean (Waghorn) scores a header from the left wing. Joe Garner (Waggorn) crosses for Martyn Waghorn to volley over.Joe Rooney (Athletic) scores with a right foot shot from outside the box. Joe Rooney (Wagorn) celebrates after scoring a goal
World Superbike Championship: Jonathan Rea second at Aragon. Jonathan Reae of Northern Ireland celebrates after finishing second in the Spanish Superbike race at the Spanish circuit.Jonathan Rea celebrates after winning the second race of the World Superbikes Championship at the Aragon circuit.Rea led for most of the race after starting ninth on the grid and briefly hit the front again on the last lap.Marco Melandri of Italy was third with England's Tom Sykes in fourth placeChaz Davies crashed in Saturday's race one while leading in the closing stages.
The search was launched after the coastguard received reports from an individual claiming to be in difficulty.
Hampshire's Chris Carberry has been diagnosed with a cancerous tumour.
Demand for property in China's top cities is so red hot, some couples are even undergoing fake divorces in order to buy additional homes.
Vladimir Putin, the Russian president, told me that he and Marine Le Pen had never met before the visit to Moscow in March 2017.But I heard something different, and from a pretty good source.In February, I met Marine's father, Jean-Marie Le Pen, founder of the National Front, at his mansion on the outskirts of Paris.Marine Le Pen didn't go to Crimea. Instead she publicly backed the results of the referendum, a fact that delighted the Kremlin official and the MP."She didn't let us down," says one text, followed by a smiley-face."We must find some
I was one of the first people to go to Kono in the hope of making a quick fortune. But when I was there, conditions were such that only one square meal a day was assured - and please do not ask how the sauce tasted.We often slept on the floor of a room or veranda, with bedbugs and mosquitoes biting us in turns. As for health care, Panadol was all we would get if we fell ill.We rarely got to know him personally. He tended to be a big businessman or diamond dealer, and he provided us with tools and monthly allowances.Like me, most dig
CIA code that obscures malware's origins was detailed in the latest release by the whistle-blowing site.
DNA evidence has been used in a case of sheep rustling in Wales.
Green party leader Grenville Ham said community-run renewable energy schemes could provide jobs for thousands of people.
The decision to weed out trips to traditional zoos was welcomed by the Born Free Foundation.
Paul McCann: Peterborough United's James Maddison 'one of the best in this league'. Peterborough manager Paul McCann says James Madeley is one of the Premier League's best players.
World Championship: Ryan Day is the only Welshman guaranteed a place in the competition. Ryan Day will play in the qualifying rounds at Ponds Forge in Sheffield to secure a spot in the first round of the World Championship.
Robert McNaughton, 51, from Halesowen, set up fake Facebook accounts to troll the woman, West Midlands Police said.
South African President Jacob Zuma is at a crossroads yet again after his controversial reshuffle of his cabinet, which saw him remove Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan without consultation from the list of ministers he presented to the party leadership.The president's decision to get rid of Mr Gordhan, who has been in charge of the country's treasury for more than a decade, has sparked protests across the country.President Zuma, who is not known for his brevity, suddenly came out guns blazing over the weekend, saying the events that are unfolding now, are not events that should make us scared. They are not
Bologna 0, Roma 3: Edin Dzeko scores twice as Roma win 4-0 in Serie A. Edin Di Francesco (Roma) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left.Bruno Petkovic (Bologna) header from the centre of the box is blocked.Conceded by Wojciech Szczesny.Foul by Daniele Gastaldello.Blerim Dzemaili (Burgna) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Benedikt Hadergjonaj (B
From September, three and four-year-olds in England will be entitled to 30 free hours of care a week in term time.
The nine-year-old's family sought redress from NHS England and South Central Ambulance Service after he became unwell in 2007 aged six weeksHe received treatment at the Royal Berkshire Hospital, but it came too late to prevent injury to his brainThe organisations denied liability, but agreed to settle the caseThe High Court heard that the child, who is from Berkshire but who cannot be identified, requires around-the-clock careHe has severe cerebral palsy, profound learning disabilities, deafness, severe visual impairment and epilepsyHis legal team alleged his condition was the result of negligence by two GPs and a paramedic
Ofgem wants to write it into the rules by the winter. Ofgem is proposing a new enforceable rule to ensure that energy suppliers do not back-bill domestic customers for energy used more than 12 months previously.
Ming Jiang, 43, was in debt and being chased by creditors but his friend and fellow Chinese national Yang Liu, 36, could afford to gamble, the jury heard.It is alleged Mr Jiang, of Beswick, dumped the suitcase in a remote Derbyshire lay-by and set it alight.He then set about assuming the dead man's identity, gaining access to his bank accounts and his personal effects and his apartment.The jury heard the victim was last seen alive "in the vicinity" of the defendant's flat on 5 October 2016
Motherwell's Christie Kerr appointed Scotland head coach. Motherwell forward Christie Kerr has been appointed Scotland's new head coach, replacing Anna Signeul.Kerr became the first-ever female head coach in senior British football when, three years ago, she took charge of.
The 50p per unit minimum was approved by MSPs in 2012, but has faced legal challenges from the drinks industry.The committee on the Licensing Act 2003 also called for an overhaul of local licensing panels after hearing of "scandalous misuse" of powers.
The remains were found in an area off the A198, near the entrance to Gosford House in LongniddryA cyclist called the emergency services when they made the discovery at about 18:30 on SundayIt is thought Ms Tiffney was murdered and her body disposed of in the Gosford house areaThe bones are still in situ and it is understood it will take a few days to recover themDet Supt Pat Campbell, of Police Scotland, said: "The recovery will be a painstaking process."We are consulting with a number of experts to ensure that the remains are recovered in a sensitive and careful manner and no evidence
The advert for its invisible deodorant range said "white is purity" across an image of a woman.It was posted on the firm's Facebook page, geographically aimed at its followers in the Middle East.But it was also picked up by alt-right social media accounts who trolled the Nivea account with comments, including of Hitler and Pepe the frog, who was branded a hate symbol last year.
Head teacher Bill Lord sets aside Â£3,500 from his annual budget to pay for the extra holiday for everyone at Long Sutton Primary School in Spalding.He said it was about both recruiting and keeping "fantastic teachers in front of children".Read more about this story and others from across LincolnshireMr Lord said all staff - including himself and the cleaner - were offered one additional day a year, but had to give notice and could not take the first or last day of term off.
A man has been jailed for three years after he posted sexually explicit images of two women on social media.He posted the images on adult websites, where he invited other users to join him in posting lewd comments.The judge at Hastings Magistrates' Court said his violation and degradation of women required punishment in order to deter others.Whiting had admitted 11 offences of making offensive posts at an earlier hearing.Six offences related to one victim, and five to the other.The impact to the victims has been far-reaching, ranging understandably from fear, disgust and extreme humiliation.
The HPV vaccine was made available to Scottish women aged 12 to 13 in 2008.The HPV vaccine protects against two high-risk HPV types - HPV 16 and HPV 18 - which cause about 70% to 80% of cervical cancers.
The shows will be filmed in early June at Westminster's Central Hall, around 18 miles from where Corden was born in 1978.
President Donald Trump has accused former President Barack Obama of using intelligence for political purposes to help him win the US presidential election.Mr Trump denies any ties to Moscow, and has instead alleged that Mr Obama ordered wiretapping of Trump Tower during the presidential election.
Dywedodd Heddlu Gogledd Cymru fod y gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader ar gau ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd.
The ultra low emission zone will come into force in April 2019 and other cities will follow suit.
Porto factory blast: Eight dead, six missing. Eight people have been killed and six others are missing after an explosion at a factory in Porto, Portugal, authorities say.The factory's owner was among the dead and several members of his family were either dead or missing.
England all-rounder Chris Woakes has been named the leading cricketer in the world for 2016, while England's Ben Duckett and Middlesex's Tom Roland-Jones have also been named in the Wisden Cricketers' Almanack.Wisden also named England's James Anderson as the leading wicket-taker in the domestic game, and England's Sam Billings as the world's leading bowler in the one-day game.England captain Virat Kohli, 28, was named leading criceter in India, while Australia's Ellyse Perry, 26, was the leading women's cr
Iceland's parliament has passed a bill that aims to close the wage gap between men and women.
The Scottish Seabird Centre wants to expand its education and conservation programmes to include all marine life in a bid to remain viable.
Reuben Lewis from Llanidloes was driven 45 minutes from Ysgol Cedewain, Newtown, without teachers or transport staff realising he was still on board.BBC Wales understands he was then left alone on the parked bus in Rhayader on two separate occasions.Powys council said there had been a "serious breakdown in communication".A spokesman added it had spoken to the school and all contractors to ensure immediate safeguards were put in place to prevent any similar incidents in future.
Lassie arrived back in Scotland on 23 March, six days after her mate.
Lloyds branches to close as part of programme of 400 branch closures. The closures are part of a programme of branch closures already announced in principle.
Dr Ian Paterson denies 20 counts of wounding with intent against nine women and one man at Nottingham Crown Court.
Michael Hoolickin, 27, suffered multiple stab wounds in a fracas between a group of men and women on 14 October in Middleton, Greater Manchester.
David Reckless has held talks with Andrew RT Davies, leader of the Welsh Conservatives.
Jin Ok scores the game-winning goal after GB had come back from 2-0 down.
Brendon McCullum returns to Middlesex as Twenty20 coach. Former New Zealand all-rounder Brendan McCullum has been appointed Middlesex's Twenty20 team-mate on a three-year deal.
Swansea City drop back into the bottom three after losing to Tottenham. Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side have to dust themselves off and go again.
The Global Burden of Diseases report was based on smoking habits in 195 countries and territories between 1990 and 2015.
The paper takes us to the European Parliament in Strasbourg and reports on the telling off Michael Barnier got from a UUP MEP.Jim Nicholson was speaking in the chamber about Northern Ireland's "integral roll in the UK" when he saw the French politician "twiddling with his telephone".The Armagh MEP suggested Mr Barnier "actually listen to the speech".The paper reports that the two made up later, however, with Mr Nicholson saying they had a "good and constructive meeting" in the chief Brexit negotiator's office.The Irish News leads with the news of a spike in calls to a Belfast surgery from patients fearing
Tiffany Li, 31, has pleaded not guilty to charges that she conspired with her boyfriend, Kaveh Bayat, and another man, Olivier Adella, to kill Keith Green, 27, and dispose of his body last year.The bail had been set at $35m, but California courts require double the amount if property is used.Her lawyer said she was "well-liked in the community", the LA Times reported.
Tinie Tempah, who has scored more number one singles (seven) than any other British artist this decade, welcomes the BBC to his studio.It's a pristine room, free of clutter and distractions, except for a PlayStation 4 and several years' worth of Fifa games.On the mixing desk sits a book on Frank Gehry's architecture, while the far corner is dominated by a gargantuan bean bag, apparently fashioned from the skin of a dead muppet.Outside the sliding glass doors, Tinie has a child-sized Lamborghini, which he's planning to use in an upcoming video."Jake
Two Israelis have been killed in a car-ramming attack in the West Bank city of Ramallah, the Israeli military says.It brings to 41 the number of Israelis killed in knife, gun and carramming attacks since October 2015.
BrianBrian Matthew was born in Coventry on 17 September 1928 into a musical familyHis mother sang professionally while his father was the conductor of the local silver bandHis radio career began when he was serving with the Army in post-war Germany where he worked as a programme presenter and newsreader on the British Forces Network, which broadcast to troops serving abroadHe also developed something of a talent for acting and on leaving the Army, he went to Rada, securing a number of roles with the Old Vic Company It was there that he met his wife, Pamela, whom he married in 1951There was a short time with Radio Netherlands Worldwide, the
President Barack Obama is due to speak at the Edinburgh International Centre (EICC) to raise money for children's charities in Scotland.The dinner in Edinburgh on 26 May is thought to be one of his first major addresses since his term as president came to an end.Mr Obama will be speaking at the Scottish Business Awards at the EICC. He will also answer questions from the audience at the event.Tickets for a table of 10 at the dinner are expected to go on sale for approximately Â£5,000.The charity was set up by leading businessman and philanthropist Sir Tom Hunter.
Hospital bosses made changes last August in a bid to help ambulances reach the emergency unit.
Microsoft has revealed details of its Project Scorpio gaming console, which is expected to go on sale in time for Christmas this year.Project Scorpio is the name given to the new Xbox One S and the Xbox One Scorpio.
Middlesbrough 3-2 Hull City: Steve Agnew says Boro were a bit naive at times defensively, not just the back four, as a team.
He is also charged with possessing the bomb-making guide the Anarchist Cookbook and an extremist document called the Mujahideen Poisons handbook.
Gol.)Pasg Hapus i chi i gyd!
Sebastian Vettel beat Lewis Hamilton at the Australian Grand Prix.
The teenager was detained at Riverside Retail Park in Coleraine earlier on Thursday
RAF Honington gunner Corrie Mckeague was last seen on 24 September in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk
The ruling has come about because a dad was fined for taking his daughter out of school.
Hillingdon Council's leader said it would provide funding to challenge it for "however long it takes to win this battle".Hillingdon has set aside a contingency budget of £200,000 for possible future legal action against the third runway, while Wandsworth has budgeted £25,000.Richmond and Maidenhead Council spent £50,000 from its development fund.
US Open champion Dustin Johnson withdraws from US Open. Dustin Johnson pulls out of the US Open after falling down the stairs and injuring his lower back at his rental home in Florida. The U.S. Open will be played on Thursday after Dustin Johnson withdrew from the tournament due to a freak accident at his Florida rental home.Johnson's caddie was placing the ball on his tee for him on the range, while coach Butch Harmon said pain hindered Johnson's rest overnight.Johnson was a popular pick to win the first major of the year.
Glamorgan v Northampton: Harry Podmore goes straight into squad. Harry podmore is set to make his first County Championship appearance for Glamicros against Northampton on Friday.
"This was an spontaneous attempt to kill because you were fed up with Mr Down saying he was going to claim squatter's rights and also lying on your bed," he said.The judge described the axe attack as an "impetuous moment of madness".
Wales chief executive Greg Davies says the Six Nations should be shortened to create space for a new global international season.
Augusta National Golf Club, Augusta, Georgia Masters: Charley Hoffman is the first player to break 70 in the opening round of the Masters. Hoffman, 40, sunk nine birdies in a seven-under-par 65 to lead ahead of compatriot William McGirt.Lee Westwood is third on two under, one ahead of fellow Englishmen Justin Rose, Andy Sullivan and Matt Fitzpatrick.
Uruguay to legalise cannabis over the counter. Uruguay will be the first in the world to legally sell the drug over-the-counter for recreational use.
Bristol City v QPR. Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson: "Friday is going to be really, really important."
Newport County 1, Yeovil Town 0. Mickey Demetriou (Newport County) from a free kick with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner.Conceded by Liam Shephard.Conner,  Newport County.Corner, Newport County.Second Half ends, Newport County   1,  Yeovill Town    0.Substitution, New County.Alex Lawless replaces Matt Butcher.Foul by Tom Owen-Evans (Yeovil  Town).Ryan Dickson is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Sean Rigg (
Maxime Biamou (Sutton United) converts the penalty with a header into the roof of the net.Goal!  Sutton United 2, Gateshead 0.  Gateshead 1, Sutton United 0. Maxime Deacon (Gateshead) is shown the yellow card.First Half begins Sutton United 1, Gatespoint 0.Second Half begins, Sutton 2, GATESHEAD 0.First half ends, Sutton 1, GATEHEAD 0, Sutton 0. Goal! Maxime deacon (S Sutton United) scores a penalty.  Sutton 2-0 Gateshead  Sutton Town 0.Goal
Dame Margaret Hodge's review said it would be better to ditch the Garden Bridge than risk uncertain costs.The Garden Bridge Trust said it was seeking a meeting with the London mayor to discuss next steps, but added the trust was "determined" to make the bridge happen.
"beautiful babies", in Mr Trump's words - had a dramatic effect on the president's disposition.It seems clear that the graphic images of dead and dying Syrian civilians - including "beautifully babies" - have had a significant effect on his disposition.The man who was thought to be a neo-isolationist now, just months into his presidency, is projecting US military force abroad to enforce international norms and punish human rights abuses.Just a week ago Secretary of State Rex Tillerson appeared to be following this new script when he downplayed calls for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's removal, saying his status "will be decided by
Industrial output fell by 1.7% in February, down from a revised January reading of zero growthThe construction figure, the biggest drop in nearly a year, was mainly the result of a 2.6% fall in the housebuilding sectorMeanwhile, the UK's deficit in goods and services widened to Â£3.7bn in February
The boy's death was the first of a child on a farm in Northern Ireland for almost three years, said the HSENI.
Yn ystod pencampwriaeth Euro 2016 y llynedd roedd yn rhan ganolog o'r tîm hyfforddi wrth i Gymru lwyddo i gyrraedd rownd gynderfynol y gystadleuaeth, a thîm Cymru yn creu hanes ac yn codi proffil yr iaith ar draws y byd.Bydd Osian Roberts, sydd hefyd wedi derbyn Cymrodoriaeth Anrhydeddus gan Brifys
Five men were convicted of blowing up cash machines at banks and supermarkets across England and Scotland
Volunteers at St Helier Lifeboat Station in Jersey have walked out amid claims Andy Hibbs was "bullied" by senior management at the RNLI.
Premier League paid £174m to agents, up from £130m. Premier League teams spent a record £1.38bn on transfers in the 2016-17 season - a 43% increase on transfer spending from the 2014-15 season.
Somalia's President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo has offered al-Shabab fighters an amnesty at the same time as declaring war on the group.
Louise Tiffney, 43, was last seen leaving her home in Edinburgh's Dean Village in May 2002The remains were found by a cyclist in an area off the A198, near the entrance to Gosford House
A man, aged 28, and a woman, aged 35, have been arrested on suspicion of the possession of firearms
The Scottish SPCA has confirmed that a cat has died after being poisoned by antifreeze in Glasgow. A three-year-old cat was discovered under a car in the city's Kirkton area in March.
John Lewis Edinburgh refurbishment to be completed by end of this month. John Lewis is refurbishing its Edinburgh store as work continues on a £1bn redevelopment of the shopping centre.
Katie Katie Walsh will attempt to become the first female jockey to win the Grand National after overcoming a late injury scare.Walsh was initially reported to be ruled out with a broken arm following a fall in the Foxhunters' Chase over the big fences on Thursday, but escaped with bruising."I feel fine, a bit sore but I'm 100%," said 32-year-old Walsh, who will ride 33-1 chance Wonderful Charm.
"Choose your allies carefully". It is an unexpected reversal of fortune for Russia and President Vladimir Putin.Only a few days ago US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that removing Syria's Bashar al-Assad from power was no longer Washington's priority. This was probably taken by the Syrian president as carte blanche to step up his attacks on the opposition.Even if one sets moral considerations apart (and this was a war crime, pure and simple), Moscow's credibility among the leading players in the region is dented now.Either: Moscow knew about the planned attack and condoned it - which means its co-sponsorship with the
Michael O'Grady was the host of the updated version of the Channel 5 dating show "The Only Way Is Essex".
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola: 'I will be better'. Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says his side were not good enough to compete for the Premier League title.
Ian Brown, 44, and Daniel Dunkley, 35, died following incidents in their cells at HMP Woodhill last July
Orlando City sign Marta. Orlando City have signed Marta from FC Rosengard in Sweden for a two-year contract with an option of a third.
Masters 2013: Sergio Garcia, Rickie Fowler, Justin Rose and Benoit Poulter lead after second round of the US Masters. Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose are tied for the lead at the Masters after the second round at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, as Justin Rose, Justin Hoffman and Rickie Pieters carded a second-round seven-under-par 69 to take the outright clubhouse lead.Media playback is not supported on this device Masters 2013 Masters: Garcia, Fowler and Pieters in contention Garcia, 37, is aiming to become only the sixth man to win all four majors in the US
Ashley claimed the deal, struck with former Rangers chief executive Charles Green, was wrongly terminatedHe took his case to the High Court in London where it has been agreed his litigation can continueDeputy High Court judge Richard Millett issued a written ruling after hearing competing argumentsIn May, Rangers' directors said they were going to rip up contracts held with a merchandise company, Rangers Retail, which they ran with a Sports Direct firmRangers chairman Dave King, who took control nearly two years ago, and other directors were unhappy with the arrangementWilliam McCormick QC, who led the Rangers legal team, told Judge Millett supporters were also upset
Congolese opposition leader Felix Tshibala has been named the new president of the Democratic Republic of Congo, replacing President Joseph Kabila.He was expelled from Congo's largest opposition party, the UDPS, last month after contesting the designation of successors to veteran leader Etienne Tshisekedi who died in February.
Virgil has a lot of knowledge and one thing I like about him is he knows how to take an Olympic champion and turn them into a pro.
West Midlands Police said there was a "sweet irony" to officers using the centre for forced entry training when it had been paid for by money paid into the Proceeds of Crime Act fund.
Gordon joins Rangers under-23 side for the rest of the season
Derek McInnes: Aberdeen boss Derek Thompson baffled by Pedro Caixinha's tactics. Former Aberdeen defender Derek Thompson says he has been baffled by the actions of new Rangers boss Pedro Caizinha. Aberdeen manager Derek Thompson has said he is baffled by his team line-up ahead of Sunday's Scottish Premiership clash with Rangers.Former Aberdeen player Derek Thompson believes he has never worked under a manager who would consider giving away his team lines, let alone a day before like he did. I think he's trying to show he's done his homework, but you can pretty much name the Aberdeen team because it doesn't change
North Korea has condemned the US missile attack on a Syrian airbase, saying it was an "intolerable act of aggression against a sovereign state".
Manchester United v Chelsea: Team sheets. Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has a full-strength squad and could name an unchanged side.
Boris Boris Johnson's visit to Moscow has been cancelled, the Russian foreign ministry has said.Mr Johnson said events in Syria had "changed the situation fundamentally" and he would go to G7 talks instead.The UK deplored "Russia's continued defence of the Assad regime even after the chemical weapons attack on innocent civilians," he added.
The red kite was discovered by a member of the public at Daintry Wood near Toddington.An X-ray image showed it had 10 pieces of lead shot lodged in its body.The RSPB inspector Jenny Shelton said: "The bird will most likely have been shot at close range to incur this level of damage."Red kites feed mainly on carrion, so there is no logical reason for these birds to be targeted".
Leave Means Leave wants to combine the Australian points-based system with plans for work permits which would come into force after the UK has left the European Union.The plan, which is backed by senior Tory backbenchers, says the measure would help get net migration below 50,000.It is currently running at 273,000 a year.Anti-Brexit campaigners said such a move would cause skills shortages that would damage business.
Aberdeen 3-0 Rangers. Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says his side's reaction to losing the first goal was what he is most disappointed with. Aberdeen beat Rangers 3 - 0 to cut the gap at the top of the Scottish Premiership to nine points.
Lyon 2, Besiktas 1.Jérémy Morel (Lyon) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the centre of the goal.Assisted by Nabil Fekir with a header from the right wing.Foul by Ousmane Dembele (Lon) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Mathieu Valbuena wins a free kick in the attacking half.Corentin Tolisso hits the left post with the header from a set piece situation.Jérôme Boateng (L Lyon) right footed
Chris Wood (Leeds United) header from the left side of the six yard box is too high.Offside, Luke Ayling tries ball, Jón Dadi Bödvarsson (Wolverhampton Wanderers) is caught offside (Luke Ayling is caught on the right side of United's defence) and is sent off for a yellow card for a foul on the ball.Chris Wood is shown a red card for the foul by referee Martin Atkinson. Chris Wood, right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right following a corner.Attempt blocked.Kortney Hause replaces Ben Marshall
Bristol City 1, Blackburn Rovers 1: Sam Gallagher equaliser earns Robins a point. Bristol City's Tammy Abraham scores his 22nd goal of the season as the Robins come from behind to earn a point at Ewood Park. Tammy Abraham celebrates after scoring the equaliser to earn Bristol City a 1-1 draw with Blackburn at the start of the second half.Tammy Abraham (Bristol City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Joe Bryan (Blackburn Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Foul by Josh Brownhill.Fouls by Joe Bryan (
Leon Legge (Cambridge United) header from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom right corner.Corner,  Exeter City.Conceded by Piero Mingoia. Conceded,  Cambridge United.Corners,    Cambridgeshire United.
Dundee Stars boss Jean-Claude LeFebvre says he is proud of his team's performance at the EIHL finals.Dundee Stars are the first team from Dundee to make it to the finals of the European Ice Hockey League (EIHL).The Tayside outfit lost both their games on their maiden outing at the showpiece finals in Nottingham over the weekend.But the Stars showed up well in the 4-2 semi-final defeat to Cardiff Devils and the 15-8 third-place match loss to Belfast Giants.
Mashael Aldosari is described as being less than 5ft tall with long straight black hair. She was last seen wearing a grey top, leggings and light-coloured shoes
A file is being prepared for the coroner, but the force does not believe there are any suspicious circumstances
The RNLI says six crew members have been brought in from the UK to staff the St Helier station in Jersey.
A Swedish man has been arrested in connection with the Stockholm terror attack that killed five people and injured more than 20 others, including two children.Rakhmat Akilov reportedly ran from the scene still covered in blood and glass, and was arrested hours later in a northern suburb of Stockholm.He has yet to be identified by police, who have only said that the man in custody is a 39-year-old Uzbek national.Even so, a picture of the man allegedly behind the attack has started to emerge: someone who had failed in his bid to get residency, lost his job and was hiding from police who wanted
Mexico's attorney-general's office in Mexico says it has arrested former Tamaulipas governor Juan Manuel Yarrington.He is accused of taking millions of dollars in bribes from drug cartels in return for turning a blind eye to their smuggling activities.
Harbro Group saw pre-tax profit increase by £800,000, to £3.5m, in the year to the end of June 2016.
Edward Enninful is the new editor of British Vogue.
Bydd 40 o feddygon yng Nghwm Cynon sydd yn credu efallai bod rhywbeth o'i le yn gallu cyfeirio'r claf at ganolfan ddiagnostig yn Ysbyty Brenhinol Morgannwg, Llantrisant o fewn saith diwrnod.Yn ôl Dr Gareth Davies, Cyfarwyddwr Cyswllt Rhwydwaith Canser Cymru, bydd cynllun yn tawelu meddwlu ted y
Warwickshire v Surrey: Jonathan Trott and Mark Footitt bowled out for 151. Surrey bowled well on the second day of their Championship match at Edgbaston, but are now just a single point away from defeat after being bowled to follow-on 363 runs in arrears. Surrey bowlers Tom Curran (8/21) and Mark Stoneman (6/21), who scored a century, bowled the Bears out for 362 in their second-innings. Surrey's second innings ended in disappointment as they were all out for just 362, but take just a
Paul Wilmott, 63, died in the explosion at his home in Haxby, near York, on 19 February 2016, which was caused by the fracture of a corroded gas pipe
Andrew Salina was found seriously injured at his home in Roystonhill at about 03:30 after emergency services were alerted to a disturbance
Pylon the Pressure won the right to a judicial review.
Are you Joshua or Klitschko in disguise?
The former HSBC bank building on the corner of Bute Street and James Street is due to house 16 flats including a penthouse apartment.
Argentina have told coach Edgardo Bauza he has ceased to be the national team coach.Argentina have four games left in qualifying, with their next match against third-placed Uruguay on 31 August.
Kulbhushan Jadhav: India says he was 'kidnapped' and tried on 'concocted charges'. Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has described the death sentence of an Indian national sentenced to death for spying as "an indefensible verdict" and warned Pakistan to "consider the consequences".
Turkey's interior minister says a car has exploded in the city of Diyarbakir, at the heart of the conflict between the Turkish government and Kurdish separatists.The blast brought a roof down, left a huge crater and a pall of smoke drifted over part of the city.
Up to a dozen A-29 Super Tucano aircraft would be sold to Nigeria to help fight Islamist militant group Boko Haram, unnamed US officials said.
The Russian LGBT Network says it is aware of "an organised campaign to detain gay men" in Chechnya. A gay rights group in Russia says it has received reports of torture and abuse of gay people in the North Caucasus region. The Russian government has denied reports that gay people are being held at a detention centre near Grozny for torture. A Russian human rights group says a government spokesman called the reports "lies" and said homosexual people "simply don't exist in the republic".
Harris-Wright, 28, who had a season at Bristol in 2011-12, won a European Champions Cup medal at Leinster
Proposed timetable changes could have seen four of six services being cut.
The 24-year-old faced 18 break points - compared to just one for her opponent - on the way to losing.
Brittany Carter, 23, is accused of performing a sex act on the 29-year-old driver while Corey Jackson, 20, allegedly held a knife to his throat.Police said the pair then stole $32 (Â£26) from the victim before fleeing the scene in the city of Findlay."We don't know why she did it," police Lt Robert Ring said."Maybe it was a distraction because they took money from him."
Gloucester 24-15 Sale Sharks. Gloucester go in up at the break with Henry Marshall and Richard Hibbard scores to give the hosts a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at Kingsholm.
Dale Merza, 20, is charged with misdemeanour hazing after the alleged attack on Andrew Seely, 19, at Central Michigan University
Pink Floyd fans have named a new species of shrimp after Pink Floyd's The Wall.The team behind the discovery vowed years ago if it ever found a new pink shrimp it would "honour" the rockers.
Michal Podlaszczyk had already served 12 and a half years for the equivalent of manslaughter in his native Poland in 2003 when he was 18.A year after his release he came to the UK and in October raped and robbed a woman in a Leicester park.He punched her to the ground, dragged her to a secluded part and raped her.He also took her mobile phone and Â£1.15 from her purse saying he needed money for beer.Reading a statement from the victim, Mr Thomas said: "She is frightened to go out and is constantly worried when there's a knock at the door
Cheshire East Council chief executive Mike Suarez suspended.
BelfastGiants play a Colin Shields All Star select.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said that the US-Russia relationship is at an "all-time low" after two hours of talks in Moscow.He said there was no evidence Syria was behind the chemical attack and pointed to the turmoil that had been brought to other nations when leaders had been removed.He added: "We need to attempt to put an end to this steady degradation, which is doing nothing to restore the trust between our two countries or to make progress on the issues of greatest importance to both of us."Earlier, the US and Russian presidents revealed the wide gulf between them over Syria.Speaking on Mir television,
Tesco said it had taken a £235m charge after it agreed a deferred prosecution with the Serious Fraud Office and the Financial Conduct Authority in March.The company said it would pay £1.2bn to settle the charges, which it said were related to the accounting scandals of the past.Tesco said the deal would improve its recovery plans.
Joseph Smith was not in a booster seat and suffered multiple injuries when the car he was in smashed into oncoming traffic on Cardiff's Western Avenue.
Police raided 43-year-old John Nicholson's Dundee home in February following a tip-off.Officers found drugs including more than 2.5 kg of heroin with a street value of £263,000 during the operation.
The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) said revenues from streaming, downloads, physical sales and licensing for use in films, TV and computer games rose 5.1% to £926m in 2017.
EDF customers will see electricity prices increase by 9% and gas prices go up by 5.5%.
A paramedic who twice tried to kiss a colleague and asked her to "bend over" a photocopier machine has been suspended, the Health and Care Professions Council has said.
The cash machine was put in a dark 4x4 and the thieves drove off in that vehicle and a white VW Golf
Boris Johnson has been accused of being a "poodle" by the US and the EU for his handling of the crisis in Syria. The Foreign Secretary is always keen to speak with the swashbuckling pluck of the newspaper columnist he once was. His many fans in the Tory party might love it. But even Mrs May has hinted at exasperation.At the Conservative Party conference last autumn, the prime minister said: "Do we have a plan for Brexit? We do. Are we ready for the effort it will take to see it through? We are.Can Boris Johnson stay on message for a full four
Leicester City fans in Madrid: Police use baton charges to clear Plaza Major. Leicester City supporters in Madrid were attacked by riot police in the Plaza Major on Tuesday night.
Alice Ruggles, 24, had told police she felt "terrified" of Trimaan Dhillon days before she was found with her throat cut in her Gateshead flat
A 68-year-old man died when his Vauxhall Astra hit a Nissan Juke on the A31 near Corfe Mullen.
A statement from the force said: "Officers were called at 16:12 and 16:19 BST amid concern for the man's welfare. "When officers arrived, a man matching the description was found on The Avenue.
Cardiff Blues boss Chris McBryde says he will be picking a squad to win both Tests when he names the Wales touring party for the summer of 24 April. Cardiff Blues head coach Chris Mcbryde expects there to be a few players from the teams that are playing this weekend to be selected for the Lions tour.
Didier Drogba joins Phoenix Rising as a player and owner of MLS expansion team. Chelsea legend Didier drogba has joined Phoenix Rising from Major League Soccer club Montreal Impact as part of an ownership group.
Dr David Dao lost two front teeth and suffered a broken nose and concussion in the incident.Dr Dao's daughter, Crystal Dao Pepper, told the news conference in Chicago they are "sickened" by his treatment.Video of the incident has been watched millions of times online.
The boy, named Faizan Ahmad Khan, was walking home from school on Sunday morning when he encountered a throng of local people protesting against Indian rule near the school, where polling was taking place for a parliamentary by-election.Eyewitnesses say four shots rang out of the single-storey, squat school building which, according to some reports, was being pelted with stones thrown by protesters from a hill above and from the road in front.Faizan possibly halted to find out what the commotion was all about, and was hit by a bullet. Two neighbours ran up to his home to deliver
London 2012: Chris Latham wins second medal of the Hong Kong championships. Britain's Christopher Latham takes bronze in the men's team pursuit at the World Championships in Hong Kong. Chris Boardman: "Chris Latham had a fantastic final charge. He was waiting for that final sprint. And what a ride that was for him."
Eight people started fighting at the Palace Theatre in Manchester on the opening night of the Irish dance show.
"It ended up with you quite deliberately using your teeth as a weapon and you bit off a really large chunk. About half of his ear has completely disappeared."This is not something that happens in a millisecond - to bite through somebody's ear takes real determination and a real effort.
The Police Ombudsman's office has suspended the release of any further sensitive material to the office until a review of security protocols is carried out.
Border Rail wants to extend the railway through Hawick and on to Carlisle. The Campaign for Border Rail says it would have preferred a feasibility study looking solely at rail services in the area.
Every hour spent using a touchscreen each day was linked to 15 minutes less sleep.
US President Donald Trump has declared Nato "no longer obsolete" and dropped his pledge to declare China a currency manipulator.He also said he was no longer opposed to a federal exports agency he once dismissed as "unnecessary".And the president signalled he was open to reappointing Janet Yellen as head of the Federal Reserve.
Barn Surgery in Christchurch criticised by Care Quality Commission.
Ballinamallard v Portadown: Niall Currie says Ports will have a good chance against Carrick Rangers. Ballinamoallard will be without the suspended Ryan McConnell but Stuart Hutchinson is set to return.
Bert Davidson, from Hopeman, near Elgin, had not seen his 1929 Humber since he sold it nearly 60 years ago.But a few years ago he was contacted by Robin Wills - whose father had owned the saloon car in the 1960s and 70s - who had tracked it down to America.Mr Wills has since restored the dilapidated car to its former glory.After towing it up to Elgin from his home in Brancepath, County Durham, Mr Davidson once again got a chance to sit behind the wheel."I had a run around the block in it. I thoroughly enjoyed the
Team Sky continued to inject riders despite ban, whistleblower claims. A whistleblower has claimed Team Sky doctors were using intravenous recovery methods towards the end of the team's first season in 2010.
Newport Gwent Dragons and Newport RFC have agreed a deal to take control of Newport RFC and Rodney Parade rugby ground from the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU). The deal on offer is worth £3.75m for the ground, which is used by the Dragons regional side, Newport RFC, Newport County and League Two football club Newport County.
Man attacked in Gillians Park in Blackbird Leys. A man has been attacked in a park in Greater Leyes and remains in hospital with serious injuries to his arms.
Shrewsbury Town's Paul Ogogo has resumed training as he continues his recovery from a knee injury. Shropshire Town striker Paul Ogoga returns to training after a knee operation in early February.
A paedophile who preyed on a young boy via social media has been jailed for 13 sex offences including two counts of rape and two sexual assaults.He also pleaded guilty to three counts of causing a child to engage in sexual activity.
GP Live was developed by Aberdeen University and uses streaming software to enter the consultation room.Researchers hope it will encourage more students to join general practice and help ease a recruitment crisis.The software will stream consultations just moments after they happen in an effort to give students.
Women's boxing: British Boxing Board of Control allow women to wear lighter gloves. British flyweight Katie Taylor has also called for the move. British boxer Katie Taylor's management believe it will be the first time a women's bout has featured the same length of rounds as their male counterparts.
The Cassini spacecraft conducted a fly-through of the plumes, helping to provide the data that has led scientists to believe the planet could hold life. The latest data sent back from the probe has made Nasa scientists believe that Saturn's ice-crusted moon may now be the single best place to go to find life beyond our Earth.
King George III commissioned the piano for the palace from renowned maker Thomas Tomkison in about 1821.
Chechen Muslim clerics have condemned a Russian newspaper for reporting on human rights abuses in Chechnya.Novaya Gazeta said on 1 April that more than 100 people had been detained on suspicion of being homosexual, and that at least three had been killed.A spokeswoman for the LGBT Network said detainees were tortured with electric shocks and beatings at a prison near Argun.
Mary Hampton's bicycle was taken while she did her weekly shop in Waitrose.
Three girls, aged 10, eight and five, and two five-year-old boys were taken to hospital following the collision on Wentedge Road, near Kirk Smeaton
The Sun has apologised after former editor Ian MacKenzie compared Everton midfielder Ross Barkley to a "gorilla" in an article.The Sun said it was "unaware of Barkley's heritage" and apologised for the article, which was published on Friday.The article was published in the Sun's Sunday supplement, the Sun, and has since been taken off the newspaper's website.Barkley, 23, was punched in a Liverpool bar last weekend in what his lawyer described as an "unprovoked attack".Police confirmed they were investigating the "full circumstances".Liverpool Mayor Joe Anderson said he had reported the article to the police
Hart (Hartlepool United) header from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.Conceded by Michael Nelson.Penalty conceded by Joe Fryer after a foul in the penalty area.Jack Blackford (Barnet) wins a free kick on the left wing.Simeon Akinola (Barnets) right footed shot from the centre of  the box to the bottom left corner.Foul by Elliot Johnson (Barnett).Carl Magnay    wins a  free kick  in the defensive half.Charlie Clough   is just   offside.
Derby County striker David Nugent could return after missing Monday's draw with Huddersfield
Dana Vollmer: Pregnant American swimmer competes in 50m freestyle. A pregnant woman can still compete in the 50 metres freestyle at the Olympics while heavily pregnant. But she has had to adapt her preparation for Tokyo to cater for the "bowling ball" in her stomach.
Glamorgan v Worcestershire: Michael Hogan says it could have been a bit better. Michael Hogan: "It was good to see Lukas Carey doing well. He has done a lot of work in pre-season.
Crucible snooker: John Selby beats John O'Brien to reach Crucible quarter-finals. Crucible first-round semi-finalist Martin Selby reaches the Crucible semi-finals with a 7-5 win over John O Brien at Sheffield. John O´Brien is the only player in Crucible history not to win a frame in the first round of the event. John Ellington, who lost 10-0 to John Parrott in 1992, becomes only the second player to exit without winning a frame at the Sheffield event.
President Donald Trump has been criticised for not releasing his tax returns, but supporters of the US president say it is important to know who he has been dealing with and if there are any conflicts of interest.The protests were timed to coincide with the traditional mid-April deadline for Americans to file their tax returns.The event occurred after hundreds of anti-Trump protesters staged a counter-rally alongside an event billed as a "Patriots Day free speech rally and picnic", organised by the president's supporters.At least 21 people were arrested in Berkeley, California, in clashes between Trump opponents and supporters.There is no law requiring presidents
Emma Morano was born on 29 November 1899 in the Piedmont region of Italy. She was officially the last person born in the 1800s still living. She had attributed her longevity to her genetics and a diet of three eggs a day.
Ricky Burns defeats Julius Indongo at the Hydro in Glasgow. Ricky Burns wins his first world title fight at the Glasgow Hydro in his home country of Namibia with a unanimous points decision over Julius "Bomber" Indongo.Ricky Burns celebrates after defeating Julius 'Bamber' Indongo to win the IBF super-middleweight title in Glasgow.Burns, 34, was unbeaten in 21 fights prior to this unification contest, forced his fellow 34-year-old on to the back foot for much of the fight.He rallied in the fifth and sixth rounds but the tall southpaw emerged a
Atlanta, Georgia (CNSNews.com) - An eight-year-old boy has died after he became stuck in a revolving floor at an Atlanta restaurant, police said on Saturday.The freak accident happened at 15:00 local time (19:00 GMT) on Friday.The Sun Dial restaurant, where the incident took place, has reportedly been closed until further notice.According to a statement from Atlanta police, the restaurant's revolving floor automatically stopped moving when the child became stuck on Friday.
Wales face Tonga and Samoa in June and Jones believes it will be the perfect opportunity for Griffiths to gain international experience."Justin Tipuric and Sam Warburton I think will go with the Lions so there is an opportunity for him."There's lot of good young number sevens.
Neil is a wonderful manager and he has done a great job. He is fantastic with the players, he has a good team behind him and he is genuinely enjoying his time here and we love having him here. It is a great partnership and long may it continue.
Borna Coric wins first ATP title at the Grand Prix Hassan II in Marrakech. Czech world number 233 Karolina Vondrousova beats Estonia's 99th-ranked Kontaveit to win her first career ATP title.
Scotland saw a 50% rise in new distilleries over the past year, from 12 in 2015 to 18 in 2016.
Rory McIlroy: Paul Dunne and Francesco Molinari play-off for the European Tour title at the Dunhill Links Championship. Paul Dunruge and Matthew Fitzpatrick play a sudden death play off for the Irish Open title on Sunday after a dramatic finish to the final round of the tournament.Molinari stormed into contention with two eagles in the last seven holes to set a clubhouse target of nine under par.
Broadchurch will not return for any future series, showrunner Chris Chibnall has said.The last episode of the ITV show, which stars David Tennant and Olivia Colman, will air on Monday evening.
Dorothy Cruickshank was one of six people taken to hospital after the two-car collision on the A90 at the Toll of Birness junction on 5 AprilA statement from her family said: "We'll be lost without her."
Our Duke wins Cheltenham Gold Cup for the second year in a row. Our Duke, ridden by Robbie Power, is the first horse to win the Gold Cup in his first handicap and for just the fourth time over fences.
Scottish Cup semi-final: Hibs out of contract. Hibs manager Neil Lennon says the majority of his players will stay at Easter Road this summer.
Paraguay suffered under decades of dictatorship until 1989 and many oppose presidential re-election.Senators say they will continue to campaign for a vote in the lower house.They argue that Paraguay is the only country in Latin America that does not allow second terms and it needs to modernise its constitution.During the riots, police shot dead a demonstrator which triggered calls for crisis talks backed by Pope Francis.The conservative president had the backing of his leftist rival Fernando Lugo, who was president from 2008 to 2012 and also wants to run again.
Cyber attacks risk companies' finances, confidence and reputation, with victims reporting not only monetary losses, but costs from disruption to their business and productivity.
Former Coronation Street actress Julie Hesmondhalgh has agreed to be patron of Dorset Rape Crisis.
Carers make a huge contribution to society, so it's only right that we do everything we can to support the selfless work they do. That's why Labour is convinced it's both morally and economically right to give the Carer's Allowance a boost of £10 a week.
Mewn cam annisgwyl, wrth siarad o flaen 10 Downing Street, dywedodd fod y wlad yn dod at ei gilydd yn dilyn pleidlais Brexit y llynedd, ond nad oedd gwleidyddion y gwrthbleidiau yn San Steffan wedi gwneud hynny.Bydd pleidleis yn cael ei chynnal yn y Senedd ddydd Mercher ar argymhelliad y Prif Wein
The family travelled to two other airports and spent an extra C$1,000 (Â£590) to get a flight. The airline has now offered them compensation.It comes after video of a man being dragged from a US flight brought overbooking to public attention.
Theresa May's announcement of a snap election will be watched with even closer attention than usual - not just in Brussels but in the other European capitals where Brexit is going to be a huge issue in the years to come.First, both Theresa May and all her rivals will have to set out their visions for Brexit in much more detail than we've heard so far.British voters will demand nothing less.But in the process, the Barnier team and the governments of France, Germany and the rest will get a feeling for where the British red lines in negotiations really lie.Any British candidate worth his or her salt will try to
Lydia Wilkinson said she did not know at first whether her father Peter was going to survive the stabbing at their home in Stourbridge on 30 March.Mrs Wilkinson was pronounced dead at the scene. Pierce died in hospital after paramedics battled to save him.Aaron Barley, 23, of no fixed address, has been charged with their murders and with the attempted murder of Mr Wilkinson.Mr Wilkinson, who spent six days in intensive care, said he was "on the mend".He suffered facial lacerations, "dozens of deep stab wounds and almost 100 stitches".
Campaigners have raised concerns over possible health risks and increased traffic if the build goes ahead.The development, which includes sports facilities and a 1,200 place secondary school, attracted more than 80 objections.Opponents said air pollution and traffic congestion were already a problem in the area and would be made worse by the school, which they claimed was not needed.The plans were approved at a meeting on Tuesday.
The pound has gained 1% and although the stock market is down more than 2%, a lot of that happened before Theresa May called a snap election for 8 June.Still, market watchers are reading the tea leaves and have made a few observations.
Saints took the lead when Mark Percival kicked a penalty, after the Vikings had been penalised for offside.That looked to be the winning score, but the hosts eventually made their pressure tell when Ah Van crashed over.
Cardiff and Vale University Health Board: Len Richards named new chief executive. Len Richards has been named as the new Chief Executive of Cardiff's university health board.
Billy Burns scores all 16 points for Gloucester in the European Champions Cup semi-final against La Rochelle. Gloucester fly-half Billy Burns is the Premiership side's hero, scoring all 16 of their points in the French Top 14 final.
Stoke City's Johnson signs a contract extension until the end of the 2016-17 season.The 32-year-old former England right-back joined the Potters from Liverpool in 2015 and has made 50 appearances in all competitionsJohnson, whose existing contractRead More.
Royal Berkshire Fire Authority announced on Tuesday it would close Pangbourne station as part of plans to help it save £1.4m.
Baidu, often described as China's Google, has been developing self-drive vehicles since 2015.The company, which is based in Shenzhen, China, said it would release its self-driving technology for use in restricted test environments as soon as July.There will then be a gradual roll-out of other technology, with an aim to offer its full range of developments to support self -driving for highways and city roads by 2020.Other firms in the sector, such as Tesla and Google, have tended to keep key developments secret.Baidu's move could be likened to Google's decision to release Android, the
The US Navy said on 8 April that the Carl Vinson strike group was travelling to the Korean peninsula amid tensions over Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions.
British Cycling have admitted it had not paid "sufficient care and attention" to riders' wellbeing.
The mother and child were found in the early hours of Wednesday
AAyr United were forced to find a new crest as their old one broke ancient heraldic law.The new badge will be adopted from 1 July.
Jamie George (England - also back row)Club: SaracensAge: 26Lions in 2013
Glamorgan boss Paul Rudolph says senior players need to stand up. Glamicrock Rudolph says it's important for the senior players in the team to step up after their side's poor start to the County Championship.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in the Pyrenees mountains in Spain.The reptile lived at a time when the Earth was recovering from a mass extinction that wiped out most animals.The discovery may shed light on how the group of animals evolved and spread.
London 2012 Olympic champion Tessa Ennis-Hill receives a damehood from the Duke of Cambridge.
Cardiff University is currently exhibiting some of its collection as part of a three-day event to mark the centenary of Thomas' untimely death.
Who's in and what's it all about?
Northern Irish pupils are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts elsewhere in the UK.
Bob Marshall-Andrews has left the Labour Party and joined the Liberal Democrats, a former MP has said. Former Labour MP Bob Marshall has quit the party, saying he is "coming over to the only party that is offering a credible opposition to a divisive Tory Brexit government". "Faced with a common enemy on this historic issue there was an urgent requirement for a common strategy if not common sense.
John Williams tribute to the composer will be played at the BBC Proms this summer. The BBC has announced that John Williams will be paid a tribute at a concert in Hull this summer as part of the 123rd Proms. John Williams, the composer of Star Wars, Jaws and Indiana Jones, will be performed by the London Symphony Orchestra, the BBC has said.The John Williams concert will take place at a new outdoor ampitheatre overlooking the River Hull and the Humber estuary.
The National Lottery windfall has been won with a ticket bought somewhere in Denbighshire for the 1 April draw.
Serena Williams: How is it possible to win a Grand Slam while pregnant?This content will not work on your device, please check Javascript and cookies are enabled or update your browser
A fire engineer told the hearing there was "no compelling evidence" it started in the dryer but he could not rule it out.
Hibs boss Neil Lennon faces three charges of misconduct. Neil Lennon has been charged with misconduct by the Scottish Football Association for his conduct during the Hibs 0-0 draw with Morton on 29 March.
BMW said the value of the stake in Here had risen by 183m euros.The car manufacturer also cited improved earnings from its Chinese joint venture, BMW Brilliance Automotive, for its higher profits.The US chip giant Intel said in January it would buy 15% of Here, which is co-owned by Audi, BMW and Daimler.
A total of 1,306 militants from the Islamic State group (IS) have been killed by British forces in Iraq, according to figures released by the Ministry of Defence.
Japan's Todai robot outperformed 80% of high-school pupils and was in the top 1% for maths.
Tom Hardy and Russell Brand join #1in4 campaign. Tom Hardy, Russell Brand and Nick Grimshaw have joined the #1 in 4 campaign to raise awareness of mental health issues.
Tiger Woods carded a six-under-par 66, which included an eagle and five birdies.
Borussia Dortmund attack suspect charged with attempted murder. A market trader has been charged with attempting murder in connection with the Dortmund attack. A German market trader accused of trying to make money by betting on the price of shares in the team has been arrested.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been suspended by Uefa after testing positive for a banned substance. Sakho, who is currently on loan at Crystal Palace, tested positive for the fat burner higenamine in March 2017.
Anderlecht 2-2 with Manchester United in the Europa League quarter-finals.
Pernod Ricard reported total sales rose 3% in the first three months of 2017, and the detail gave some pointers to the market for whisky and other drinks around the world.However, the distiller reported that Jameson's, the biggest-selling Irish whiskey, continued to be the star performer among its premium brands.
Carmarthenshire council funded chief executive Mark James in his case over remarks made on Jacqui Thompson's blog.
Southport Town's chairman John Clapham has resigned following the club's relegation from the National League.The decision followed on from the news that three directors, including Liam Watson, would step aside in June.
Aamir Siddiqi was stabbed at his home in Roath in 2010 and two men, Jason Richards and Ben Hope, were jailed for life in 2013
Aberdeen boss Alan Stubbs: Derek McInnes 'could never rule my old team out'. Former Aberdeen manager Alan Miller believes his old side Aberdeen are a stronger side than the one they beat in the League Cup semi-final at Hampden. Alan Miller says his old team Aberdeen could be favourites to win the Scottish Cup if they beat Hibs in the semi-finals of Saturday's Scottish Cup final.Former Aberdeen and Hibs boss Alan Miller has backed his old club Aberdeen to beat the Old Firm in the final of the 2014 Scottish Cup. Aberdeen's Alan Miller is confident his former side are a better side than
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a hare coursing incident in Dalkeith.
Nasa's Cassini spacecraft has flown by Saturn's moon Titan for the first time in 12 years, but it will never again get so close - less than 1,000km from ground level.This is a bitter-sweet moment for scientists. Titan has yielded so many discoveries, and although the probe will continue to encounter the moon in the coming months, the science return from that would be nowhere near as good as what we're about to do.If Cassini runs out of fuel it would be uncontrolled and the possibility that it could crash-land on the moons of Titan and/or Enceladus are un
Taliban attack on Afghan army base kills 134. More than 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban raid on an army base in northern Afghanistan, the army says. The Taliban say they have killed more than 100 soldiers in an attack on the Afghan army's 209th Corps base near the city of Mazar-e Sharif.
President Donald Trump has tweeted that the shooting on the Champs-Elysees in Paris on Sunday will have a "big effect" on the French presidential election. The US president seems to be predicting that the attack will be a boost for French nationalist candidate Marine Le Pen, who has campaigned on deporting suspected Islamic militants and a French withdrawal from the European Union. The French election is set to take place on Sunday, with the first round of voting taking place at the end of the day, and the second round on Sunday night.You can follow the results of the French election on the BBC News website. Click
Wycombe Wanderers 1, Morecambe 1: Kevin Ellison scores late to earn vital draw. Kevin Ellison (Morecambe) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner by Jamal Blackman.Conceded by Michael Harriman. Conceded in the defensive half.    Wycombe  Wanderers  1,  Morecambey  1.  MoreCambe 1, Wycombe Wolves  0.  WYCOMB WANDERERS 1, MORE CAMBERS 0. Kevin Ellison  celebrates after scoring the opening goal of the game   Kevin Ellison
Torquay United 2, North Ferriby United 0. Myles Anderson headed home a free-kick after Jordan Lee had been brought down by Mark Gray in the 58th minute.Goal!  Torquays United 1, North Fergie United 0. Aman Verma headed home two minutes from time. Goal!
Johanna Konta sent off after swearing at umpire and abusing captain Anne Keothavong. Former world number one Ilie Nastase was sent off from the World Group II play-off tie in Constanta after swearing and abusing Serena Williams' unborn child Sorana Cirstea. Former World Number One Ilie nastase has been sent off in the second round of the Fed Cup after abusing a British player and her captain during a Fed Cup tie in Romania.Former world number two IlieNastase, 70, was also removed from the grounds due to his serious misconduct.The incident
Former Conservative MP Sir Eric Pickering has announced he is to step down as an MP after serving 25 years in the House of Commons.He is one of several high-profile MPs who are standing down, including George Osborne, Alan Johnson and Alan Johnson. Former Brentwood and Ongar MP Eric Pickery has announced that he will step down after serving in the Commons for 25 years.He has also served as the prime minister's special envoy on post-Holocaust issues.
Vicky McClure said she was thrown off the Nottingham City Tram for fare evasion. Vicky McCool said she and her mother were told they could have a free ride on the tram but were later challenged by a conductor.
The average "worst case" is between two weeks and five months, with the longest delay of 18 months recorded in 2014/15
A bomb has been found close to a primary school in north Belfast, Northern Ireland's Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said.It was discovered by a passing police patrol near Holy Cross Boys' Primary School in Ardoyne in the early hours of Sunday morning. Police have confirmed that a bomb was found near a school in the north Belfast area.The device was "sizeable" and an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers.It would undoubtedly have led to the death or serious injury of a member of the public had it exploded anywhere near them Ch Supt Chris Noble, PSNI
Sir Peter Blake received Liverpool's Citizen of Honour at a ceremony at the city's Liver building.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says the spirit he has created in 20 years at the club can live on without him. Arsenal boss Wenger says he will not sign a new contract to stay beyond this season.
Three is working to restore full service.Some users on Twitter complained of their texts being sent to random numbers instead of their contacts.A spokeswoman said the company was "currently investigating the cause of the service disruption" and that it apologised for any inconvenience.
The new westbound section of the M8 between Newhouse and Baillieston opened a week ahead of schedule.
Tommy Fleetwood shoots a superb nine-under 63 to make up eight shots on Bernd Wiesberger in China.
Firefighters are battling a large gorse fire that has engulfed a large area of dry heath-land on Woodbury Common in Devon and Somerset. Four people were treated for smoke inhalation and one was taken to hospital with burns.
Shauna Coxsey becomes Britain's first bouldering world champion. Shauna Coxsey becomes the UK's first world bouldering champion after winning gold in the season-opener in Switzerland.
The Citizens' Assembly voted 64% to 36% in favour of having no restrictions. Anti-abortion groups have condemned the result of the vote, but any change to the law would require a referendum.
The Scottish curry industry has warned that the UK government's new immigration rules have led to restaurants closing because they cannot recruit skilled chefs.The rules prevent non-EU chefs being employed if a restaurant offers a take-away service.The UK government said this was designed to drive innovative cuisine.
The Online Hate Crime Hub is made up of five specially trained Met police officers who will try to identify, prevent and investigate online abuse
Soldiers training on the site who left their names include decorated heroes and one recorded deserter.The names feature Wiltshire men as well as West Yorkshire coal miners, and two brothers wrote "Semper Fidelis" (Ever Faithful) beneath their signatures.The site was used to emulate conditions soldiers would face in trenches in France and Belgium during the war.More than 100 pieces of graffiti have been uncovered in the chalk walls of the trenches and tunnels.One name is Private Lawrence Carthage Weathers, who won the Victoria Cross in September 1918 for attacking a machine gun post with grenades, capturing it and taking 180
The Scream (1892), by Edvard Munch, depicts a figure holding its face, which is making an agonised expression.But look above this individual and the sky is full of colourful wavy lines.The researchers say these are probably Mother of Pearl Clouds - rare phenomena that would have had a big impact on anyone who saw them for the first time."Today the general public has a lot more scientific information but you can imagine back in his day, he'd probably never seen these clouds before," said Helene Muri from the University of Oslo."As an artist, they no doubt could have made quite an
Mark Selby says he is not being troubled by the weight of expectation that comes with being the current world champion. World snooker champion Mark Selaby says he does not feel as though he has peaked in the second round of the World Snooker Championship.
St John Swanson: St Johnstone midfielder signs new deal. John Swanson signs a new two-year contract with St Johnston to help them return to the top flight.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron says he does not believe that gay sex is a sin.
Team pursuit could be in the cards for Wales at the Commonwealth Games. Team pursuit is a possibility for Wales in the women's team pursuit at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, according to Team Sky rider Emma King.
Brighton and Hove Albion midfielder Chris Sidwell wants to sign a new deal. Brighton midfielder Chris Sidney says he wants to stay in the Premier League next season after helping the Seagulls achieve promotion to the top flight.
The Dambusters raids destroyed two strategically significant German dams and damaged a third.The images were taken by the Nazi authorities before and after the raids - on 16 and 17 May 1943 - and show how precision attacks were possible in an age when most missions were lucky to get within miles of their target.
LastLast updated April 25, 2017The polling average line looks at the five most recent national polls and takes the median value, ie, the value between the two figures that are higher and two figures […].
Guide dog Joey, who mainly flies between London Luton and Paphos in Cyprus, has notched up 35 flights with owner Jan Gibson and her husband Roger
WBA and IBF heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko faces Anthony Joshua at Wembley on April 29.Media playback is not supported on this device I'm a man of the people, says Joshua. Anthony Joshua says he is not worried about his safety in the ring because of the intensity of his training before the fight. WBA, IBF and WBA heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua is confident he will win the IBF title and the vacant WBA belt when he faces WBC and IBO heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschkos at Wembley in April. I'm confident I'm going to win the title and I'm
A new study claims to provide evidence of human occupation of the Americas some 115,000 years before the earliest well established evidence, but many experts are sceptical. A team of researchers from Texas A&M University in College Station has claimed to provide the first evidence of early human settlement in the Americas.The new study, published in the journal Nature, is based on the discovery of stone tools and bone fragments at the Cerutti Mastodon site near San Diego, California.The team found that some of the bones and teeth bore a characteristic breakage pattern known as spiral fracturing, considered to occur when the bone is fresh.
Chesterfield striker Gary Evans cleared of rape. Gary Evans, 28, has been cleared of raping a woman in a hotel room in Rhyl, Denbighshire.Gary Evans has been acquitted of rape after a retrial at Cardiff Crown Court.
The Kirkcaldy-based firm also wants to extend its sourcing operation in China and grow further in Australia.
A slow underarm throw is the best strategy for getting a piece of paper into a nearby bin.
Anthony Joshua vs Vitali Klitschko: Lennox Lewis says 'Father Time has caught up with the former champ'. Former WBA and IBF super-heavyweight champion Frank Lewis says Anthony Joshua is the best fighter in the world to take on WBA champion Wladimir Klitschka. Former IBF and WBA world heavyweight champion Lennox Lee says former WBA heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has a chink in his armour after getting beaten by Tyson Fury.
A San Francisco judge has placed January's executive order in limbo, but the White House is vowing to appeal.
Well actually they do - and treasure has been found in pretty unexpected places.
Hur Hurst Castle was used to guard the Solent during World War Two.
Chiltern Edge School in Sonning Common has been rated inadequate by Ofsted. The school, which educates children between 11 and 16 years old, received a good rating from Ofsted in 2012.
Inverness Thistle boss Ian Foran: 'Maurice Malpas is the right man for the job'. Ian Forans says he identified Maurice Malpas as the man to appoint as his new assistant manager at Inverclyde Thistle.Ian Foran says he has identified Maurice as the right person to take charge of the Inveness side for the rest of the season. Inverniss Thistle are five points adrift at the bottom of the Premiership with just five games remaining.
Lily Partridge, 22, complained of a headache after the clash at a training session in North Tawton, Devon, in December 2015. She died from "an acute bleed" as a result of a trauma and suffered a cardiac arrest.
Maria Sharapova is in possession of WTA ranking points once again after defeating Roberta Vinci in her first match since a 15-month ban for taking the banned drug meldonium. The Stuttgart crowd was respectful of the former world number one, and generous in her moment of victory, although the real warmth was reserved for her opponent.The Russian is a five-time Grand Slam champion, and a likely future champion.She has won Grand Slams on all surfaces and is brimming with motivation on her return from what she considers an unduly harsh ban imposed for an administrative error.She is a
Shaun Coles, 24, of Church Street, Louth, admitted a charge of sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13.
Newport Gwent Dragons are subject to a takeover bid from the Welsh Rugby Union, who have said they see Rodney Parade "as a rugby venue."
Jonathan Demme: The five films that best illustrate his formidable range. The director's list of credits shows him to be versatile as well as prolific.
The Legend of the Monkey will revamp the classic as a "big budget fantasy drama", with a whiff of Game of Thrones about it.The story of an epic pilgrimage of a Buddhist monk and his three disciples, the legendary monkey god Sun Wukong, the greedy and mischievous Zhu Bajie and man-eating demon Sha Wujing.Together with a dragon prince -transformed into a white horse - the party travels on a mission to bring ancient Buddhist scriptures from India back to China. Along the way, they encounter monsters and other obstacles, triumphing through their wit and teamwork.
Cassie Sainsbury, 22, was stopped at an airport in Bogota on 12 April. She is being held at El Buen Pastor, Colombia's largest women's prison.
The girl was attacked in the Jenkins Dale area of Chatham on 4 April and is still in hospital with serious injuries.
Arrowe Park Hospital, Wirral, has been closed to visitors due to the spread of Norovirus.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen's National Front (FN) has been accused of fraud by the European Parliament of paying more than €100,000 (£80,000; $130,000) in illegal payments to members of parliament.The European Parliament is withholding half of her salary and expenses, as it tries to recoup money it says she owes.The allegations - denied by the FN - have now gone to French investigators.Ms Le Pen is campaigning for the second-round vote in the presidential election on 7 May.Her rival, liberal centrist Emmanuel Macron, is ahead of her in opinion polls.The
Eight houses on the A3055 Undercliff Drive on the Isle of Wight were evacuated in 2014.
Alice Gibson-Watt, 34, died in 2012 from a brain injury caused by a cardiac arrest, an inquest jury concluded.A week earlier, she was restrained by police and ambulance staff in a case of post-partum psychosis, a month after giving birth.
John Lamont quit the Ettrick, Roxburgh and Berwickshire constituency seat to fight for a place at Westminster.
Jack Lopresti said a letter sent to party members calling for a new candidate was part of an "attempt to destroy my character and reputation".
Lance Corporal Trimaan "Harry" Dhillon stalked Alice Ruggles before fatally attacking her last October.
David Mackintosh, Conservative MP for Northampton South, has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Child marriage fatwa issued in Indonesia. Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa calling underage marriage "harmful" and said preventing it is mandatory.
Choity Khatun, who is three, was born with caudal twinning, meaning that part of a twin had developed in her pelvis.Australian surgeons spent months working out how to remove the extra limb and reconstruct her pelvic area.They removed the part of the leg that was left behind and carried out reconstruction work to ensure the little girl was continent - something that will help her to function much better back at home.
Ospreys 30-14 Ulster: Jacob Stockdaley scores late try to give Ulster victory. Jacob Stockdales scores the only try of the game for Ulster to give the home team a 14-point lead at the break before Osprey's late score sees the game end in a thrilling finish.Ospreys need a point in their final game to secure a play-off spot while Ulster will have to beat Leinster.
A raccoon dog has been found hiding under a water tank in a garden in Lincolnshire.
The Welsh Government has decided to fund a trial of a preventative drug to reduce the risk of HIV infection in Wales.The drug, called Prep, is currently used in the US, Canada, Australia and France, and taken daily, it has been shown to reduce risk of infection by 86%.The Welsh Government is funding a research trial of the drug to see if it can be used on the NHS in Wales to prevent HIV infection.The trial will begin this summer.Health Secretary Vaughan Gething has announced that during the research period "those for whom the drug is clinically appropriate can access it".An independent HIV expert group
Thousands lined the side of the streets to cheer on the competitors.
Andy Murray celebrates after defeating Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas to reach the Barcelona Open semi-finals.The Scot dug deep to claim a 2-6 6-4 7-6 (7-4) victory in a match that lasted two hours 59 minutes.Murray recovered from two breaks of serve in the third set, his opponent serving for the match at one point.The Spaniard, who is at a career-high world ranking of 19, capitalised on a string of unforced Murray errors to take the first set but was pinned back in the second as the Scot battled back to level.The incident
Tour de Yorkshire: Dylan Groenewegen wins stage one. Dutch rider Dylan Groenswegen sprints to victory in the opening stage of the Tour of Yorkshire after several riders fell heavily in a dramatic crash in Scarborough. Dutch cyclist Dylan Groeseweggen wins the first stage of this year's Tour of the Yorkshire after crashing in the final metres in Scarborough.
Here are the figures for a Band D property for every council area in Wales.
Inverness CT 2, Hamilton Academical 1. Goal!    First Half ends, InvernESS CT 1, Hamilton Academy 1.Goal! Goal!
No-one was injured in the incident.
Malawi and Seychelles went out to Madagascar and Mauritius respectively.Malawi were beaten 1-0 at home in the second leg of their opening Southern Zone qualifier with Madagascar winning 2-0 on aggregate.Madagascar will play Mozambique in the next round.
Burton Albion 2, Reading 4. Yann Kermorgant (Reading) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.Michael Kightly (Burton Albion) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is too high from a direct free kick. Assisted by Jackson Irvine with a through ball.Foul by Luke Varney (Reading).Attempt missed.Attempt blocked. Michael Kightley (Brentford Albion) left footed free kick from the left side is saved.Attempt saved. Michael Turner (Reading), right foot footed header from a
Brentford 3-3 Blackburn Rovers: Blues relegated to the third tier for the first time in 37 years. Brentford boss Dean Smith: "We wanted to finish the season on a high but there were a lot of tired legs out there - at the end they were putting their bodies on the line and that showed how much it mattered to do their best for the other clubs down there."It was what we were doing when we didn't have the ball that annoyed me in the first half. I gave them a rocket at half-time and we started the second half quite well but couldn't make our possession count."
Newcastle United 3, Barnsley 0.Goal!  Newcastle United 2-0 Brighton  Brighton    Brighton 1-0 Newcastle United   First Half ends, Newcastle United 1-1 Brighton Brighton  First half ends,  Brighton 0-1 Newcastle  Newcastle  Brighton 3-0  Brighton 2-1  Brighton Goal!Goal! Newcastle United 0-2  Brighton Brighton 1 - 1 Newcastle  Second Half ends. Newcastle United (Newcastle United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved by Adam Davies (Barnsley) in the bottom corner of the goal. Goal
Liverpool v Southampton: Squad news. Southampton's leading scorer Charlie Austin could be involved for the first time since dislocating his shoulder on 8 December.
TonyTony Bellew: 'I don't need that kind of fight'. Tony Bellew says he does not need to fight WBA and IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua.
Ron Jones, from Bassaleg, in Newport, only retired from collecting for the Royal British Legion Poppy Appeal in 2016, after 30 years' service.Mr Jones was captured in the Middle East during World War Two and said he arrived at Auschwitz in October 1943.He said he never spoke about his experience at Auschwitz until the release of a Steven Spielberg film about the holocaust in 1994."Nobody seemed interested until they put the Schindler's List on and then everybody found out about it of course."It took us two or three weeks before we actually accepted that they were gassing and burning them."He has previously
The UN says 36 Yazidi women and children have been rescued from Islamic State (IS) captivity in northern Iraq.The UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs said the freed Yazidis had been taken to UN centres in Dohuk in Kurdish northern Iraq.
Yeovil 1-2 Chelsea. Chelsea's Ji So-Yun scores twice in first-half stoppage time for 2015 double winners Chelsea to make it six wins from two in the Women's Super League One.
Shauna Coxsey becomes the UK's first bouldering world champion. Shauna Coxsey becomes Britain's first world bouldering champion after winning gold in the season-opener.
Serge Pauwels (Bel/Team Dimension Data) wins the third stage of the Tour de Yorkshire. Tao Geoghegan Hart (GB/Team Sky) +8secs
Mercedes' Valtteri Bottas takes maiden win. Lewis Hamilton struggles to finish fourth behind the Ferraris of title leaders Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton says he is "hopeful" he will be able to pick up the pace in the next races after overheating problems forced him out of the Formula One championship race at the Monaco Grand Prix. Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton admits he is still struggling to find the pace to fight for the title in the title race at Monaco.
Gian Gianni Moscon is facing disciplinary action from Team Sky after it emerged he used racially abusive language towards FDJ's Kevin Reza at the end of Friday's stage three
France's far-right National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen has accused Emmanuel Macron of being a "candidate of continuity". French voters go to the polls on Sunday to decide between the two. France's pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron has said he will not allow the European Union to continue to function as it was after the presidential election. "I don't want to do so," he said.
White Tigers boss Dave Hodges says he will meet chairman Peter Masters this week to discuss plans for next season.
Richard Broughton, 37, died on Sunday after he was knocked down by a car in Elsecar at around 19:00 GMT on Friday.
Gosport Borough Council says it brought in the £100 fines to combat dog mess and poorly controlled dogs.Previously walkers were allowed to walk up-to six charges, but this has been curbed.
The Reverend Andrew Foreshew-Cain is leaving his congregation in West Hampstead as he is moving to the Peak District with his husband.
Officers are concerned for the welfare of the pair
The RSPB said 2,270 black-tailed godwits spent time on the island this spring, almost double the previous record of 1,320 in 2013
Paula Radcliffe: World records to be wiped from record books. World records that do not meet the new criteria would be removed from the record books, according to proposals put forward by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).
Russia's President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have met for the first time in two years.The meeting comes at a low point in bilateral relations over the war in Syria and Russia's annexation of Crimea.
Liverpool's Emre Can celebrates his volley at Vicarage Road. Liverpool's Can celebrates scoring his side's second goal of the season with a volley into the top corner against Watford, but was it the Goal of the Season?
The 3D-printed material is foldable so it can easily change shape
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis has named Burnley manager Sean Dyche as his top three managers in the Premier League.
Madihah Taheer, Ummariyat Mirza and Zainub Mirza appeared at the Old Bailey in London on 28 April.
Craig Stillwell was arrested at Stoke Mandeville Hospital, accused of causing grievous bodily harm
Martin Williams Ltd took over Penman Engineering near Dumfries in November last year.
Michael Eisner to address Portsmouth fans on Thursday. American billionaire Mike Eisner will address fans at Portsmouth on Thursday with details of his £5.67m offer for 100% of the club.
Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital, Denbighshire, was closed more than three years ago.
Jordan Edwards, 15, died after Officer Roy Oliver fired a rifle into a car that was driving away from a party in the Dallas suburb of Balch Springs.
Jean-Claude Juncker and Theresa May have clashed over the issue of protecting the rights of expat UK and EU nationals in the UK, the prime minister has said. The PM revived a line used during her Tory leadership campaign to respond to claims the two clashed over dinner.
Vikki Thompson, 21, was found dead in her cell at HMP Leeds in 2015 with a ligature around her neck A jury has heard how a woman who was sent to a men's prison for being transgender was told she would be "carried out in a box" if she tried to kill herself.The inquest was told Miss Thompson had repeatedly told prison and court escort staff she wanted to move to a women's prison that and her solicitors were waiting for her to make a formal application to the governor.Giving evidence he said: "I believe she shouldn't have been in a male prison."More stories
The Green Party is discussing electoral pacts with fellow parties in a "number" of constituencies, the party's leader Caroline Lucas has said.The Green Party's Caroline Lucas says the party wants to maximise the number of MPs who will support moves for electoral reform and try to win or defend seats against the Conservative Party.The party is also discussing electoral deals with the Liberal Democrats and the Lib Dems ahead of the June 8 general election, she said.The party's policy on Brexit is that voters should have the option to remain in the EU if they are unhappy with the result of Brexit talks, she added.
Cornwall Live sent two reporters and a photographer to cover the prime minister's visit to Helston.The reporters published a photo of the room they were held in while the PM was interviewed by other media.
Cathays Park evacuated after a blaze broke out in a fume cupboard.
A Portuguese soccer player has been banned for four years for attacking a referee in the Portuguese regional league after he was sent off for assaulting an opposition player and two months for "insults".
The Medway Council Twitter feed has been taken over by the citizens of Medway.
Fairfax said on Wednesday it would cut 125 editorial jobs - a quarter of its newsroom - to absorb slumping revenuesIn response, staff will strike until after next week's federal budget, one of the year's biggest local news daysFairfax's outlets include the Sydney Morning Herald, Melbourne's The Age and the Australian Financial Review
JP Morgan has said it is in talks with German regulators about making Frankfurt its Europe base. However, it is understood that the number of people who would be relocated involves between 500 and 1,000 jobs.
It's part of a mega bridge called the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge, which will connect three different places
Northern Ireland's secretary of state published a plan for a budget to be imposed if the Stormont parties could not reach a deal.The indicative figures included a 2.5% cut to education.
Blues appeal for wrongful dismissal. Bristol City striker Adam Adams is free to play against Bristol City on Sunday.
DNA profile for mother of girl whose bones were found at Washlands nature reserve in Wakefield. A DNA profile has been given for the mother of a baby girl whose remains were found in a plastic bag at a nature reserve last year.
West Indian Carnival in Leeds to take over Potternewton Park for August bank holiday weekend. The West Indian carnival in Leeds has been cancelled after the council said it would not be possible to bring the parade into the city centre.
Mr Constant, of Richmond Road, Wisbech, did not enter a plea to the murder charge before his death
Manager Aspin has retained 14 players, and released five in Mitch Brundle.
A gay couple in Mississippi have filed a lawsuit against a funeral parlour after they were told they could not use their facilities for the funeral of a gay man who died in a hospice after they found out he was married to a man.The lawsuit was filed by Lambda Legal, a human rights group, against the Brewer Funeral Home in Picayune, Mississippi.Mr Zawadski and his nephew, John Gaspari, are seeking unspecified cash compensation from the funeral home for "breach of contract, negligent misrepresentation and the intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress".Their legal team argue
President Donald Trump has signed an executive order that loosens a provision of the US federal tax code which prohibits religious organisations from directly supporting or opposing political candidates.The order was signed by Mr Trump as he hosts conservative religious leaders at the White House for the National Day of Prayer.
Somalia's president has cut short his visit to Ethiopia following Abas Abdullahi Sheikh's killing, state radio reports. He was killed in his vehicle near the presidential palace in the capital, Mogadishu, the officials added.Security forces on patrol came across a vehicle blocking the road and, thinking it was being driven by militants, opened fire, police Major Nur Hussein told Reuters news agency.Mr Abas was killed "by mistake - they opened fire on his car accidentally".
A Portaferry lifeboat crew was launched at about 11:15 BST and everyone was safely taken to shore at Killyleagh
Roedd Jane Marion Lord, 76 oed, wedi ceisio stopio ei char Vauxhall Corsa coch, rhag rholio i lawr y ffordd yn ei chartref ger Castell Newydd Emlyn, Ceredigion.Fe gredir fod Miss Lord wedi marw ar 21 Rhagfyr 2016, ond roedd wedi ei chaethiwo o dan ei chwilio yn yr ardd, ychwanegodd fod marciau llaw ar y car yn aw
Who is the Duke of Edinburgh, but who is he and why is he so important? The 96-year-old announced his retirement in May, after decades of supporting the Queen, as well as attending events for his own charities and organisations.He now holds the record for the longest-serving consort in British history!
Bombay Sapphire London Dry Gin should have had 40% alcohol content by volume when the actual figure was 77%.
Alan Archibald is the only nominee from outside the Premiership
Russia's plan for "de-escalation" zones was backed by Iran at talks in KazakhstanBut some delegates from the rebel forces angrily rejected the planAs the three countries were invited to sign the document on Thursday in the Kazakh capital, Astana, rebel delegates angrily shouted that they did not accept it and walked outReporters at the talks said the rebels were unhappy about Iran's involvement in the deal as a guarantorThe US also expressed concern over Iran, saying the country had "only contributed to the violence, not stopped it".The Syrian government is not a signatory, but its state news agency said it supported the plan.
The privy at Brodsworth Hall, near Doncaster, South Yorkshire, was originally built in the 1860s.
The government is expected to publish a new draft plan on air pollution on 9 May. It is likely to include a scrappage scheme for older diesel cars in areas with high levels of dirty air.
A group of children have written a song to find a new vicar for a local church.The parishioners at St Paul's, Shipley, posted the video on Facebook in February after a traditional advert failed to attract any applicants.It was viewed more than 30,000 times and attracted media coverage across the UK.The song, written by the children with the help of the church's musical director Rachel Hesselwood, listed the qualities the new Vicar needed.It begins with the lines: "If you want this choice position have a cheery disposition. Make us laugh, smile lots, play games,
A monthly travelcard costs £135 ($174), according to a Deutsche Bank report - £33 ($43) more than Dublin, which was ranked.
The head teacher of Sandown Bay Academy resigned and the board of governors was replaced earlier this year.
Norwich city centre: Two men come to blows in front of bus. Video footage has been posted on social media showing two men coming to blows at the corner of Prince of Wales Road and Upper King Street in Norwich.
One-Day Cup: Nottinghamshire lose to Warwickshire. Billy Root hits his first List A century to help Nottinghamshire to a three-wicket win over Warwickhire in the North Group of the County Championship.
World records set before 2005 could be rewritten under proposal from European Athletics, after the sport's latest doping scandal.Sotherton said tweaking events would create "a new slate" and new records.Media playback is not supported on this device
Iranian affiliated broadcaster said MP Nadhim Zahawi bought crude oil from the militant group and sold it to markets in Israel and Europe.
The man was arrested on suspicion of preparing for terrorist acts and terrorist training
US Open champion Zach Johnson withdraws from Masters after falling on stairs in rental home. Zach Johnson withdrew from the first round of the Masters after suffering a back injury in his rental home and hurting his lower back. American Zach Johnson has withdrawn from the Masters following a fall on stairs that injured his back.
Derbyshire County Council election 2017: Results from across England. The Conservatives have won control of the county council after a landslide victory in the election. The Tories have taken control of Derby County Council after an election in which they won 37 of 64 seats.
Steve Sankey is the first member of a mainstream national party to be elected to Orkney Islands Council.
Ped Pedestrian Olwyn Fulton died after being hit by a car in Parkway Shopping Centre car park in Coulby Newham, Middlesbrough, on 7 December
Birmingham City and Manchester City to meet in Women's Super League One final at Wembley.
John Biggadike died when he fell while in the hoist and was impaled on a metal post at Boston Pilgrim Hospital.
Northern Ireland's Ulster Bank has reported a profit of £27m for the year to 31 December.The results also showed a 6% decline in operating costs from £154m to £145m.
Cardiff's Millennium Stadium is an asset that we want to use as much as we can, says Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Mark Phillips. Cardiff City Stadium is a "valuable asset" to the Welsh rugby union, says Mark Phillips, the joint stadium's chief executive.Find out how to get into boxing with our special guide.Get all the latest boxing news sent straight to your device.
US stocks rose on Friday after the US economy added 211,000 jobs in April, and the unemployment rate dropped slightly.
Swansea face Everton needing to win as they fight Premier League relegation and Clement believes Mawson's fine form will help in them stay upHe continued: "He is so young and does not have a lot of experience at this level. You can see there is that rawness about him that really catches the eye, the next moment there is something he should not be doing."But he is at the age where he is developing.
The one-year-old spaniel bitch was found on the A20 in Harrietsham, near Ashford, on Tuesday
Tees Valley mayor Ben Houchen declares victory. Tees County Council has declared victory after Labour failed to win a majority in a runoff election. The Conservatives have declared victory in the runoff election to become the new mayor of the Tees valley. This is a sensational vote for the Conservatives. We have seen a political earthquake that's happening right here in the North East.
Northamptonshire local election: Conservative majority. The Conservative party has increased its majority on Northamptonshire County Council to 43 seats after the local election. The Conservatives have increased their majority on the Northampton County Council after the election.The Conservatives gained a councillor, taking their tally to 12.
One-year-old livestock - a mixture of Cheviot and black face sheep - were taken from the Coltfield area between Wednesday and Thursday
Jags boss Neil Archibald says he has learned more in a few months in Poland than in his years in Scotland.
Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke was born and raised in Umea, an unassuming university town near the edge of the Arctic Circle, whose most famous former inhabitant is Stieg Larsson, the author of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.Her mother was a ballet teacher; while her father was a musician, whose band Max Fenders scored a number one hit in 1975 with the song Vindens Melodi (Wind Melody), and who set Tove on the path to musical stardom when he gave her her first synthesiser.At the age of
Glasgow head coach Gregor Townsend will name his squad for the June tour on Monday. Gregory Townsend will announce his Scotland squad for Saturday's Pro12 semi-final clash with Edinburgh before taking over as head coach of the national team on Monday. Townsend's Glasgow Warriors have failed to earn a play-off spot for the first time in five seasons, finishing in sixth place regardless of Saturday's result.
Former FBI director James Comey was fired 10 days after being announced as FBI director.Why was he sacked?President Trump lost confidence in him and clearly wanted a shake-up in the White House, opting for a general to replace the Republican Party operative, who was seen as weak.The president grew less appreciative of him as the FBI director led an investigation into alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.He grappled with competing powers in an administration where Mr Trump's daughter Ivanka, and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, play key roles.Mr Comey played a dramatic and controversial part in the closing stages of
Razvan Cojanu beats Callum Parker to win the WBO super middleweight title in Auckland. Razvan cojanu wins a unanimous decision to become the first Romanian to win a world title in a New Zealand boxing ring.I've done my best to keep fights here in New Zealand but it's down to us to go and get some exposure overseas now.
Scottish Conservatives claim a surge in their support has "sunk" a case for a second indy poll, according to The Herald.
Wales' commissioners for children, older people, future generations and Welsh language to appear on stage together.
Swansea boss Paul Clement: "It is a shame we can't bring all the fans".
Lille sign Tunisia international Youssef Sliti on a three-year contract. Lille midfielder Yousseff Sliti signs a new contract with French side Lille on a season-long loan from Sedan.
Glasgow had the small consolation of winning the 1872 Cup for the first time in three years.
The BCCI missed a deadline to name a squad for the tournament after the International Cricket Council changed its revenue-sharing model.
Holidaymakers are being persuaded to part with their cash with fake accommodation websites and adverts, with fraudsters are also hacking into official accounts to target people.More than a quarter of those affected said the scams had a significant impact on their health or finances.About 260 people said they needed medical treatment as a result, or were at risk of bankruptcy, according to Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud and cyber crime reporting centre.The most common scams involved plane tickets, online accommodation bookings and timeshare sales.Sports events and religious festivals are a common target for scammers due to the limited supply of tickets resulting in higher prices.
Home Secretary Amber Rudd says the Conservative party's new manifesto is not going to be identical to the last one. The Conservative party has promised to reduce net migration to less than 100,000 by the end of the next five years, but has yet to set out the precise model it will adopt. The government has promised a target of reducing net migration from the EU to 100,500 by 2020.The target, set by David Cameron in 2010, has never been met and recent figures put net migration at 273,000.
A cyclist has died after collapsing while riding on the A5 near Chirk, Wrexham.
The fire, which is being treated as deliberate, was first reported at about 11.00 BST on Sunday.
Eman Abd El Aty, said to have weighed around 500kg (1,102lb), left an Indian hospital last Thursday after doctors said she lost more than 250kg
Akzo Nobel has rejected a US offer to buy the Dutch paints and coatings firm for the second time.Akzo Nobel said it would not enter into talks with US rival PPG Industries.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been voted the Professional Footballers' Association Player of the Year for 2017-18.
Three 15-year-olds, two 16-years-old and one 17-years old struck 14 times in less than a month, threatening Birmingham motorists with knives and a firearm.They have been given sentences of between five years and six months at youth offenders institutions.
A second inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington has been adjourned after her father was unable to secure legal aid in sufficient time.
The attack on Bilkis Bano and her family was one of the most horrific crimes during the riots, which began when a fire on a passenger train in Godhra town killed 60 Hindu pilgrims.Blaming Muslims for starting the fire, Hindu mobs went on a rampage, attacking Muslim neighbourhoods and destroying their property.More than 1,000 people died, most of them Muslims.Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was then Gujarat chief minister, was criticised for not doing enough to prevent the carnage.He has always denied any wrongdoing and has not apologised for the riots.But he's never been able to shake off the criticism
Glamorgan's Mark Ingram says he is not necessarily aiming for the Indian Premier League.
The trial at Mold Crown Court has heard the attack was the result of a turf war which had erupted between two rival gangs over the control of the drugs trade in the Rhyl area
The SNP's share of the vote was unchanged from 2012, with the Conservatives increasing by 12 percentage points.Overall turnout was 46.9% - higher than the 39.6% recorded in 2012.The highest turnout was in East Renfrewshire at 57.8% while Glasgow recorded the lowest at 39%.The SNP also won 431 seats, finishing as the biggest party in 16 of the 32 council areas and joint largest in a further three, although it lost its overall majorities in Dundee and Angus.The SNP secured 610,454 first preference votes in last Thursday's election - an increase from the 503,
Did Russia know that Jamala would win? Of course.
Peterborough United sign former AFC Fylde striker Gary Lloyd. Peterborough sign Gary Lloyd on a three-year deal from non-league side AFCFylde.
Dundee United striker Mark Keatings says he is "looking forward" to joining the club.Keatings made 30 appearances for Championship winners Hibs this season, scoring eight goals
Southampton boss Claude Puel says he wants to keep Virgil van Dijk at the club until the end of the season.
A tribunal found Maria McKeith's dismissal from the Ardoyne Association was linked to her role as primary carer for her disabled daughter.This was contrary to the Disability Discrimination Act 1995, it said.
Jason Maher is the chief executive of one of the UK's largest computer games companies - Rebellion Developments.The company, which is based in Oxford, is one of Britain's largest and most successful computer game companies, with an annual turnover of more than Â£25m.Jason Maher, who has been with the company for 25 years, says that he has been involved in jousting since he was a teenager.He says that his job is to make computer games, and that is where he spends most of his free time.Jason says: "I have never fallen off, but I have taken three people
Paris metro station evacuated as police search for three suspects. Paris Metro station has been evacuated after a police operation focused on a train from Valenciennes, in northern France.
Phoenix police say they have arrested a man they believe is responsible for a string of drive-by shootings that killed eight people, including a 61-year-old man who had dated the suspect's mother.Aaron Saucedo, 23, had already been charged with murder in connection with a killing in August 2015, police say.Now he has been linked to the deaths of eight other people, between January and July 2016. Phoenix police said they believe he acted alone.
Farmers are concerned that the UK is having the driest winter in 20 years.
The drug carries a warning of side-effects including depression and mood changes.
A cap on energy prices is being proposed by the energy industry to reduce competition in what is supposed to be a free market, but many in the industry think it is a bad idea, as it will reduce competition. If the Conservatives win the election, they will introduce a cap on electricity prices, which would cap the level of the cap on the cheapest standard variable tariffs in each part of the UK. The Conservatives are proposing to cap the price of electricity in the UK, which is currently much more expensive than the cheapest deals offered by the big six suppliers, including EDF, SSE, Npower, EPH,
The attack took place in the Schoenleinstrasse underground station in the southern Berlin district of Neukoelln on Christmas Day
A study at the University of Oxford has found that shortening of telomeres in cancer cells can be used to predict the outcomes of patients with two different types of blood cancer.
Richard III will be performed in Leicester Cathedral in July, despite criticism from the Richard III Society. The Royal Shakespeare Company has said the play will go ahead as planned in July.
I had two minutes to find my rhythm, distance and take out my opponent. It's not enough time.
No, we don't mean how you hang your washing up or the letters your parents get through the post.
Glasgow and Edinburgh University rowing race is the third oldest race of its kind in the world. The competition which takes place on the Clyde this weekend, between Glasgow University and Edinburgh Universities, was first staged 140 years ago.
PepsiCo has confirmed it has decided to proceed with the closure of the Walkers manufacturing site at Peterlee by the end of December 2017.
Three men arrested in Liverpool meat market shooting. Three men have been arrested in connection with a fatal shooting at a meat market in Liverpool.
Reverend John Price told his victims the hypnosis was to help them relax, before he carried out the abuse.
The plans for the development on the Hatchfield Farm estate in Newmarket, Suffolk, had been approved by Forest Heath District Council.But last year Local Government Secretary Sajiv Javid refused to accept the decision.
Nottingham Forest boss Mark Warburton wants a squad of 21-22 players next season.
Police described it as "disgraceful"The Crown Office said a report had been received
The images are all the more striking when you consider that Mr Jenkinson, 42, from Y Ffor, near Pwllheli in Gwynedd, is blind.He suffers from panhypopituitarism, a condition which has left him with just 5-10% vision in his left eye and 50% in his right eye.He has no perception of 3D and is also colour-blind.Nevertheless, he is a keen photographer who works hard to capture "the best shot I can".Mr Jenkinson said doctors think the condition was caused by a piece of his skull not forming correctly
Widnes 12-6 Warrington. Warrington beat Widnes in the Challenge Cup semi-final at the Halliwell Jones Stadium to keep their unbeaten start to the Super League season intact.
Rangers goalkeeper Rhys Foderingham says it was "difficult when one idiot comes and starts to behave like that".
France's far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen will not stand for a new term in parliamentary elections in June, according to French newspaper Le Figaro.She will also quit her position as president of the FN in the south-eastern region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
Toby Flood joins Newcastle Falcons from Leicester Tigers on a one-year contract. Toby Flood signs for Newcastle Falcons after nine years with Leicester Tigers in the Premiership.
Michael Eisner has made an offer to buy 100% of the League Two champions Portsmouth, according to BBC Radio Solent.
An active male role in the early stages of babies' development produced better performance in cognitive tests by the age of two, researchers found.
ThisThis is the most marginal seat in the UK. It is, on paper, a marginal that Labour took from the Lib Dems in 2015 with a majority of 4,981.But could this seat frustrate Lib Dem hopes, with more Tory-inclined voters peeling away from the party and backing a Conservative candidate?If it does, this could become an example of a three-way marginal seats in Wales, and that could benefit of Labour.
The status of EU citizens working in the UK is likely to be top of the agenda in formal Brexit talks.
Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern says a border poll is not the time for a hard border with customs checks in Northern Ireland.
UK Sport and GB Taekwondo say the review was carried out appropriately.
Burton offer new deals to Stephen Bywater, Tom Flanagan, John Mousinho, Ben Turner, Marvin Sordell, Lloyd Dyer, and Shaun Barker. Burton City have offered new contracts to seven players ahead of next season's Championship campaign.
Find us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.
Partick Thistle say they have yet to receive an approach from Shrewsbury Town for manager Neil Archibald.
Community energy schemes are often small enterprises run by volunteers, designed to generate income for their area. But the way business rates are calculated means hydro schemes are hit hard: Business rates in England and Wales are calculated by an independent body - the Valuation Office Agency - but the Welsh Government is in charge of how they are raised here.
The president had lost his moral authority, argued his critics, and with it, his ability to govern. The country faced a constitutional crisis. The republic was imperilled. The president, while breaking with the norm of allowing directors to serve above the law, was putting himself above it.The president had fired the lead figure in an investigation into alleged wrongdoing by members of his own team.A president stood in defiance of the courts, putting himselfabove the law of the land.There's the suspicion now, as there was four decades ago, that an embattled White House has something to hide.So is this truly a re
Labour's draft manifesto has been leaked to the media, suggesting the party will not leave the European Union without a deal. The Labour party's manifesto is seen by some senior figures as the most detailed in a generation with a 20-point plan for workers' rights alone.
Partick Thistle 0, Celtic 5. Leigh Griffiths (Celtic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.Conceded by Danny Devine.Attempt saved. Tom Rogic (partick thistle) header from a difficult angle on the left is saved by Callum McGregor in the top right corner.Goal! Adebayo Azeez (Partickthistle) free kick in the attacking half.Foul by Scott Brown (celtic).Adam Barton (Partrick Thistle) wins a free kick from the left.Fouls by Scott
More on Mebyon Kernow not fielding candidates, and other news
Michael Tovey, 27, formerly of Lakes Road, Erdington, Birmingham is accused of using two drones to fly contraband into HMP Birmingham last year
Britain's FTSE 100 index closed almost flat, up 1.4 points at 7,386.6, helped by a positive performance from mining shares.
Featherstone became the first team in reach the quarter-finals.
The new code states that stopping and searching must be done for a good reason and be both "necessary and proportionate". This means that officers must have a "reasonable suspicion" based on "facts, information and/or intelligence" that the person being searched is likely to be carrying an illegal item.
Jeremy Corbyn is proposing a complete handbrake turn in saying that university tuition should not cost students anything.It's a bolder step than Labour's previous leader, who two years ago opted for a halfway house of cutting fees to £6,000 - and then was accused of pleasing no-one.This is Labour going for an all-or-nothing approach - asserting free education as a fundamental principle - and creating the starkest choice in university policy for two decades.Labour's big move on fees represents a complete of direction
Scottish FA chairman Ian Wishart says the game is suffering from poor headlines and that the situation at the moment is not helping the image of Scottish football. Scottish Football Association chairman Ian wishart says he is uncertain whether the existing regulations are adequate, and reiterates his belief that Scottish football's authorities must join forces to tackle the problem.
Angela Merkel's CDU's candidate for North Rhine-Westphalia, Martin Schulz, has promised to make the state the envy of other German regions.The Social Democratic Party's (SPD) candidate for the regional election in Germany's most populous state, Angela Merkel, was in Brilon's market square on Sunday to campaign for her party's candidate in the regional vote.The CDU looked on nervously as commentators noted for the first time in years that Mrs Merkel was no longer unchallenged in her bid for a fourth term in the chancellery.The party has slipped in the national polls and
Harlequins centre Gareth Roberts will lead Wales in June Tests against Tonga and Samoa while the Lions take on New Zealand.
The incident involving the Metropolitan Police began in September 2013 when the Indian-born detective constable claimed to have seen a large monkey toy in the office of the Case Progression Unit at Belgravia police station.The Asian detective, who has not been named by the BBC at his own request, began legal proceedings against the Met at an employment tribunal alleging he had been racially discriminated against and victimised.But before a full hearing took place the force reached a settlement and agreed to pay damages.The details of the agreement are confidential but the amount of compensation is thought to be in the region of Â£35,000
PDC Premier League semi-finals: Phil Taylor to face Michael van Gerwen. Phil Taylor will play Peter Wright in the last-four of the Premier League on Thursday.
Sources close to Jeremy Corbyn say "100%" they did not leak it and were shocked around 20:00 BST on Wednesday to find out it had leakedAnd sources close to both the party leader and the Unite leader Len McCluskey are trying to point the finger at the party's deputy leader, Tom WatsonThey say this is all about 9 June. If an impression of chaos around Mr Corbyn is created now, and Labour fails to get 30% of the vote on polling day, it will give his deputy a reason, or excuse, to call for the leader's resignation.But Mr Watson has categorically denied leaking the manifesto -
Former Celtic kit man charged with eight counts of touching a boy under the age of 16. A former kit man has appeared before Belfast Magistrates' Court accused of sexually assaulting a teenage boy.
Martin Duddy was a key link - from the early 1970s to the early 1990s - between the Provisional IRA Army Council and the Secret Intelligence Service, acting on the orders of various British governments.He even hosted talks in his own living-room involving a top British spy and Martin McGuinness - talks that would ultimately pave the way for peace in Northern Ireland in the 1990s.Born on 10 June 1936, Mr Duddy spent his early adult life running a family fish and chip shop in Londonderry.Publicly, his business was business; but, for almost quarter of a century, he was
US department store sales fall in first quarter. Macy's said like-for-like sales fell 4.6% in the first quarter compared with the same period last year.
I'm a playmaker, and we are responsible for running the attack and manipulating defences. Often these guys are the dogs - putting their heads in tackles and rucks for 14 minutes. Often the playmakers are also the kickers and sweep behind the line in defence.The strike runners, such as Dan Norton, are the headline grabbers. They specialise in hot stepping and high speeds, and can hit speeds in excess of 37kph, which is over 10m per second.The enforcers are often the big boys, but even the props in sevens will run 1,200m in just over four
Giannelli Imbula has made just 23 Premier League starts since joining from Porto.
The Taylors will, we are assured, make "quite an entrance" when they arrive in Albert Square this summer, giving the resident Walfordians "a rude awakening".
Who would make your best XI from Chelsea's Premier League winners in 2004-05 and 2016-17?
Roedd Pesticcio hefyd wedi ei chael yn euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol i Joshua Deguara trwy yrru'n beryglus - teithiwr yng nghar Ms Taylor.Fe wnaeth Wheeler, oedd wedi bod mewn perthynas â'r ddwy ddynes.Roedd y tri char wedi gyrru ar ochr anghywir y ffordd ddwywaith er mwyn gyrrom'n nes at
Cobblers unable to 'get comfortable' with Gaby.
There is no overall difference in long-term risk of suicide between veterans and non-veterans in the UK.
Two men have been charged with indecent assault of a boy under 16.
A fox cub has been rescued from a locked car after it was spotted in the engine bay of an Audi SQ5.The car owner contacted the AA after the cub was seen darting under a wheel arch and up into the engine b.
Belgium can be seen glowing more brightly than its neighboursThe country's dense road network enjoys near-total streetlight coverage, with lights kept on throughout the nightIt uses about 2.2 million bulbs to illuminate Belgium's roads - with 186 bulbs per square mileThe 39-year-old French astronaut posted an image on Twitter showing the Aurora Borealis - also known as the Northern Lights - visible towards the north of the globe, and also noted that Belgium "stands out as usual".In another, on his Facebook page, he said London, Paris and Brussels "form a very European triangle".The photos are taken from the "cup
Tracy Kearns: Man arrested on suspicion of murder. A 48-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a mother-of-two in North Wales.
Bristol Rovers news: Josh Broom signs new deal at Bristol Roovers. Bristol Ro Rovers defender Josh Brooks has signed a new contract with the club until the end of the season.
The only Battle of Britain Spitfire to be legally excavated in Ireland has been found in a field in County Monaghan, Northern Ireland.The plane, which had seen action in the Second World War, was considered "war-weary" and had been assigned to a weather-monitoring squadron operating out of RAF Aldergrove in Antrim in 1942.It was believed the Irish Army had removed all the wreckage at the time but a group of aviation historians and Queens University Belfast archaeologists thought otherwise.After ground surveys pointed to parts being present just four meters below the surface, a number of items were excavated on Saturday
The teenager suffered a serious leg injury in the fall at Devil's Cave in Chellow Dene
Anna Jacobs read the description by Tecomak Environmental Services in an email inviting her for interview.Attached seemingly by accident, the comments suggested Ms Jacobs, of Horsmonden in Kent, was "worth an interview if only for a laugh".The company said it was investigating thoroughly but added the comments had been taken out of context.
Ivory Coast mutineers take control of the city of Bouaké. The mutiny has raised fears of a resurgence of the violence seen during Ivory Coast's 10-year civil war, which ended in 2011.
Two teenagers were arrested outside the stadium in connection with assault.
Terry Terry Yorath was the first Welshman to play in a European Cup final, as it was then, when his Leeds side of 1975 lost 2-0 to Bayern Munich in ParisFor a man raised in the city's Grangetown area, the sight of club football's biggest global game being staged in Cardiff is still something Yorath finds hard to believeNothing will ever surpass this as far as sport goes."I now live in Leeds and nobody understands what being Welsh is."They don't understand how involved I get involved with whatever sport Wales play, why I have tears when the national anthem is played."I love everything about
Sarries beat Clermont Auvergne 28-17 at Murrayfield on Saturday to remain on course for an historic 'double-double' of continental and English crowns. Sarries winger Chris Ashton opens the scoring in the 13th minute with his 37th try in the competition, setting a new European cup try-scoring record in the process.
Gork Gorka Izagirre wins stage four of the Giro d'Italia in Peschici. Gorka Jungels wins the 38hrs 21mins 18secs stage to take the overall lead at this year's Giro della Serra.  Bob Jungels (Lux/Quick-Step)1. Gorka  Izagirore (Spa/Movistar) 4hrs 24mins 59secs2.  Giovanni Visconti (Ita/Bahrain) +5secs3.
Benfica 5, Vitória Guimarães 0: The Lisbon side led 4-0 at the break thanks to goals from Franco Cervi, Raul Jimenez, Pizzi and Jonas as they won their 36th league championship.Benfica, FC Porto and Sporting Lisbon have won 81 of the 83 Portuguese titles between them.Raúl Jiménez scored the first goal of the game with a header from the centre of the box in the first half, while Raúl Grimaldo scored the second goal with a right footed shot from the right side of the penalty area.
Birmingham's Yafai beats Muranaka to win WBC International super-bantamweight title. Birmingham's Sam Eggington wins the European welterweight title with an emphatic ninth-round win over Spain's Ceferino Rodriguez.
The road was closed in both directions between Monmouth and Raglan for about four hours
In a strongly worded letter to all teachers, Gavin Boyd also said they got better pay than their counterparts in England and Wales.Teaching unions are refusing to co-operate with school inspections in a dispute over pay and workload.Some are also taking occasional strike action.The National Association of Schoolmasters and Women Teachers (NASUWT) has reacted angrily to Mr Boyd's letter, accusing him of "fake news".Mr Boyd is chief executive of the Education Authority and represents the teaching employers in negotiations over the current pay dispute.He wrote that the industrial action was "seriously affecting the education of children and young people"
Japan's Toyota Motor has agreed to support the development of the world's smallest flying car, which uses drone technology and has three wheels and four rotors.The Skydrive car claims to have a projected top flight speed of 100km/h (62mph), while travelling up to 10m above the ground.
The girl needed to undergo plastic surgery because of her injuries.
Swansea's survival marks a remarkable turnaround in fortunes under Paul Clement.The former Derby County manager's arrival at the Liberty Stadium saw an initial revival with Swansea winning three of his first five games in charge.But between the beginning of March and mid-April the Swans claimed only a single point in six Premier League games.And Swansea extended their unbeaten run to four games with a win in their penultimate game at already relegated Sunderland, which opened a four-point gap between the Welsh side and 18th-placed Hull.Hull's defeat at Selhurst Park sealed the Tigers' fate and ensuring Swansea will remain in the Premier League for
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that Irish border issues should be tackled before talks on a trade deal can begin.
Super League: Hull FC and Castleford Tigers meet in final eight.
Three prisoners have been recaptured while 57 others managed to escape and remain at large.
Portugal won the Euro 2016 song contest in Kiev, Ukraine, on Saturday night.Sobral's song, Amar Pelos Dois (Love for Both of Us), was written by his sister Luisa, an accomplished singer-songwriter and music college graduate, with several CDs to her name.The melancholy, bittersweet lyrics include the lines: "My darling, listen to my prayers / I beg you to come back, come back to love me / I know we can't love alone."There was a poignancy to Sobral's performance, as he has struggled with a serious heart condition.
The rock is an eroded volcano that lies 260 miles (418km) west of the Western Isles and is only 30m (100ft) wide and 21m (70ft) high above the sea.
Highgate School is considering mix-and-match outfits for pupils after head teachers said that growing numbers of children were questioning their gender.The school, which charges up to Â£6,790 a term, has also been encouraged to allow unisex toilets and open all sports to all pupils.Girls at the school can wear grey trousers, dark blue jackets and ties.
Italian police say the Arena clan made money by providing services at Isola di Capo Rizzuto in Italy's far south.
Kara McCullough, a scientist at the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission, appeared to link healthcare to employment.Asked during Sunday's pageant in Las Vegas whether healthcare was a privilege or a right, Miss McCullough said: "I'm definitely going to say it's a privilege."She added: "As a government employee, I'm granted healthcare and I see first hand that for one to have […].
Leo Varadkar is the son of a Mumbai-born doctor and a mother from County Waterford. He was elected to parliament in 2007 as a representative for Dublin West and held the tourism and health portfolios before taking on his current post last year.
Eventing rider Emily Gilruth is in a critical condition in hospital after she fell at the Badminton event.The 40-year-old, who is based near Malpas in Cheshire, fell from her mount Topwood Beau and was airlifted to Bristol's Southmead Hospital.British Eventing (BE) said last week she suffered a traumatic brain injury.In a further update on Monday, BE said she was about to be moved to the neurological ward."Emily is progressing steadily," it said.
The dog's body was later recovered from the water.
A spokesman for the Judicial Office said Nick Harrington had resigned with immediate effect.
Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) header from the centre of the box to the top left corner.Assisted by Alex Sandro with a cross.Mario Lemina replaces Claudio Marchisio.Bruno Martella (Crotone) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Mario Bonucci (Juve) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Foul by Boadu Maxwell Acosty. Mario Lemina is shown a yellow card, but Mario Bonucci is not shown a second yellow card.Mario Sampirisi wins a corner, Crotone.Mario Mandz
Education Secretary Kirsty Williams said some children put in for early entry to bank a lower qualification instead of potentially reaching higher.
The Conservatives are well ahead of where they were at the last general election, while Labour are doing much the same. And, frankly, the Conservative game plan seems extremely straightforward.To illustrate that, here is a chart: each block represents a Tory-facing Labour seat (in red) or a Labour-facing Tory seat (In blue). And each stack of blocks tells you how many seats each party gains if they improve their polling, in 2 percentage points increments.So, for example, the red stack left of the centre line is nine high. If the Tories were to uniformly poll 2 percentage point higher on election day than they
David Evans is deputy permanent secretary to the Welsh Government. David Evans will succeed Ian Jones in the role from October.
Iron boss Steve Bishop says he feels "unfinished business" after the club's play-off exit.
The Scottish Chamber of Commerce (SCC) has said it will be working with the Scottish government and the Scottish Development Institute (SDI) to "explore new ways to foster co-operation between the two countries".
Some 69% of those asked said they had worked when unwell.
He was placed in charge until the end of the 2015-16 season.
City Quays 3 will be one of the largest office developments in Northern Ireland. It will provide Grade A space for 3,000 staff.
Swansea City's development squad win the FA Youth Cup.
Megan Bannister, 16, from Leicester, was killed in a collision between a car and a motorbike in Enderby, Leicestershire.
First Derivatives makes financial analysis software used by investment banks all over the world.The company, which is based in Newry, made a profit of £15m in the first six months of the year.
KLM has added a 06:00 weekday flight from the Highlands airport.
Mandla Hlatshwayo and his friend were shot after confronting a group of men who had robbed women of their mobile phones in a pub in Soweto.
Keith Palmer's murder, in an attack outside the Houses of Parliament in March, prompted "greater emphasis" on the need for a permanent memorial.
Asad Khan, from Bradford, died three weeks after starting at Beckfoot Upper Heaton School in the city.
A boiler owner has been refused permission to take a case against the Department for the Economy, which plans to publish another list of RHI recipients next week.A business owner who invested £100,000 in a boiler and was accredited to the scheme in January 2016 was told he could not "avail of uncapped or untiered payments".He claimed it posed a risk of reputational damage to him and losses to his business.But the department said the stated risk was "tenuous in the extreme" and it was within its rights to proceed.The application was made in the High Court in Belfast on Tuesday
Mansfield Town: Gary Green says time is right to leave. Gary Green has said the time has come to leave Mansfield after just one season at the club.Gary Green has announced he is leaving Mansfield at the end of the season.I have some great, great years at Mansfield and it gave a lot to me as a club Gary Green
Alan Wright and his wife visited Sissinghurst Castle Garden in Cranbrook, Kent, in September 2015. He said a man they spoke to took their photo in the gardens.
Saracens 24-22 Exeter Chiefs: Sam Simmonds forced over as the clock wound down to deny Sarries. Sarries beat Exeter to reach the Premiership final for the first time in 12 months with a dramatic last-gasp try from Sam Sims to deny the Chiefs a second Premiership title in three years. Sam Sims was forced over in the last minute to deny Exeter a dramatic victory over Sarries in the Premiership semi-final.
Shutter Speed wins Duke of York Stakes. The 4-7 favourite race at Newbury was won by Shatter Speed, who goes to Chantilly next rather than the Oaks at Epsom, in which stablemates Enable and Coronet are top contenders.
SP Manweb is set to put up 18 pylons linking two wind farms in Clocaenog Forest.
Ashford Borough Council removed all its Kingdom officers from patrolling the streets, after one was filmed revealing he raked in a bonus of almost £1,000.
Around 9,000 people were killed, and more than 8 million affected by the earthquake - roughly a quarter of the country's population
President Donald Trump may have disclosed information provided to the US by a key ally that has "access to the inner workings of the Islamic State", according to a Washington Post report. The president's tweets explained that he was "sharing" information with the Russian officials in order to foster co-operation on important global issues like the fight against the so-called Islamic State.This was always going to be the most effective response, as the president has broad powers to declassify whatever he deems necessary.As the old Richard Nixon line goes: "When the president does it, that means it is not illegal".The president's explanation
Lieutenant Colonel Benedict Tomkins, 49, of Defence, Equipment and Support, based at Abbey Wood, near Bristol, is facing trial in the US.He allegedly attacked the woman in her hotel room where he went under false pretences after a drinks reception.The woman told the court Mr Tomkins was "very aggressive" and "took control".
The pledge may be funded by a tax on airship sales and aircraft repairs.
India's female labour participation rate has dropped from 68% in 2004 to 64% in 2012, according to a new World Bank study. This is the first time in India's recent history that the participation rate of women in the labour force has dropped by such a large amount. The study also found that the rate of participation of women aged 15-24 has dropped significantly.
A laptop ban could make flying more dangerous. But the experts are lining up to say that a laptop ban is not the only way to make flying safer.The US Department for Homeland Security is expected to announce a ban on laptops and other electronic devices in the cargo hold of planes travelling to the United States on Friday.I'm told that European governments don't get much say in the matter or much notice of any changes - in fact they're watching the media and Twitter just in case it's sprung on them.Any ban would hit Heathrow the hardest. Three-quarters of UK flights to the US go from Heathrow
Thanet District Council was court ordered to lift a ban on live animal exports through the Port of Ramsgate in 2012.It paid more than £5m in compensation to traders but has not submitted an insurance claim to retrieve any money.
Rob Donn could not read or write and dictated his poetry from memory in later life.
Philip Hammond and Mrs May were speaking at a press conference they arranged to attack Labour's election manifesto.Taking questions from journalists after claiming Labour's pledges created a multibillion pound "black hole", they were asked about reports of a rift between their offices since the U-turn over National Insurance in March's Budget.Asked by BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg whether they would "still be neighbours" after the general election - the chancellor's official residence is 11 Downing Street - Mrs May said: "I think it's true to say that the chancellor and I and every other member of my team are focused on 8 June."She
Physics and planetary physics student Elliot Vale designed GeoRescue with his girlfriend Tia Mountain, a University of the West of England student.It would provide information on predicted and ongoing natural disasters.
Consett has never had a Conservative MP but the Tory vote held up surprisingly well in other parts of the North-East while Thatcher was in power.It was only after she left office that anti-Tory attitudes really hardened, with the party's share of the vote slumping by 10%. It currently has just three MPs in the region.Theresa May is attempting to change that on 8 June and has urged traditional Labour supporters to "lend" her their vote.She will have experienced at first hand how difficult it is to break the voting habits of a lifetime in this part of the world when she stood for
More than 400,000 comments with remarkably similar wording have been detected in recent days.One expert described bot activity as a new form of protest.
Roger Dodds, now 81, was sentenced to 16 years in prison for abusing male colleagues and students who came to him seeking educational grants.
Christopher Laskaris, 24, died from a single stab wound to the heart on 4 November. His body was not discovered until 17 November.
British man Danny Glass to be charged with causing death by reckless driving. A British man is to face charges after he was involved in a road traffic accident in Thailand that killed a mother-of-two who was nursing her baby son.The scooter Danny Glass was riding on with Sophie Emma Rose Anderson collided with a truck in Phuket.
The female was found in the Llandovery area last month, struggling with a fever and dehydration
Swansea boss Paul Clement has confirmed that John Terry will leave the club at the end of the season.
The move has sparked taunts of "May, the meals snatcher" - reminiscent of Margaret Thatcher's infamous cancelling of free school milk.The party does not believe "a free school lunch for every child in the first three years of primary school... is a sensible use of public money".It's one of those tough decisions - but a free breakfast, cheap at a 10th of the price, now seems a more desirable alternative to the Conservatives.
Premier League predictions: Lawro's final round of fixtures. Lawro has been pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season and his opponent is drummer Ben Thatcher from rock band Royal Blood.
The £1.1bn M4 proposal would cross four SSSIs along the Gwent Levels. The Welsh Government has pledged to replace lost reens with new ones.
The number of people caught crossing the border with Mexico is down significantly since the beginning of the year, according US Customs and Border Protection data.
Scottish Health Secretary Alex Salmond has said the Scottish government will not ban transvaginal mesh implants, despite calls from campaigners for an all-out ban.The Scottish Government has said it will not block the procedures as it does not have the power to do so.The report concluded procedures should not be offered routinely to women with pelvic organ prolapse.It recommended patients be offered a range of treatments and given the information to make "informed choices".The report also said reporting of adverse events should be mandatory.Ms Gillies said her task had been "almost mission impossible from the beginning".She said: "It was clear that there
Gloucester and Wales back row Josh Moriarty is part of an advanced guard of 14 players who met in the Vale of Glamorgan to start preparing for next month's daunting tour of New Zealand, which kicks off on 3 JuneThe rest of the 41-man squad are still involved in English Premiership, Pro12 or French play-offs, so coach Warren Gatland and his backroom staff have been putting the players who are available through their pacesFor the 14 that boils down to exercise bikes at breakfast time; hard fitness, skills and organisation either side of lunch and community singing at supper timeNobody said life with the Lions would
Partick Thistle 0-5 Celtic: Brendan Rodgers says Celtic have everything to play for. Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers insists his side have everything they need to finish their title-winning season unbeaten. Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers believes his side are one win away from becoming the first team to go a 38-game Scottish Premiership campaign unbeaten.
This is the UK manifesto, with a Welsh version expected to be launched next week.
Mobile phone use behind the wheel is a growing menace and it's time we got tough with those who break the law Lucy Amos, Brake
Cancer Research UK has awarded £1.3m to Belfast Experimental Cancer Medicine Centre for a trial of a new drug to treat cervical cancer.The trial, which targets women who are too late to undergo surgery, gives six weeks of additional chemotherapy.It is the first trial of its kind in Northern Ireland and is being carried out in two English centres - Queen's University Belfast (QUB) and Queen's Medical School (QMS) in Belfast.It's a trial in ovarian cancer and it's a drug that's being developed from research in QUB.It cuts down the blood supply to ovarian cancer. It's a
More than 50 people were on the bridge when it collapsed late on Thursday evening.
The US carmaker said it would stop selling cars in South Africa, and sell its manufacturing business there to Isuzu Motors.
Rocket Lab's 17m-long (56ft) Electron lifted off from the Mahia Peninsula, in the North Island, the firm said.Poor weather conditions had pushed the launch into the fourth day of a 10-day window and the Electron finally cleared its pad at 16:20 local time (04:20 GMT).The launch was conducted with no media or spectators permitted, but the company released a video of the lift-off on its Twitter page.The test flight was the first launch from New Zealand and is a major first step in an emerging market: launching cheap disposable rockets to carry small satellites and other payload
The Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell says he's angry the Conservatives haven't given out full costings for their manifesto.Labour of course, did show us their sums at their launch earlier in the week, and they are on the warpath.The Tories are vulnerable to claims their plans would hit millions of people, because they.
Health Secretary Vaughan Gething told a BBC Radio Wales election phone-in he had not backed Mr Corbyn in the last two leadership contests, but still wanted him to become prime minister.
Carlisle United boss Martin Curle says he wants to stay at the club until the end of the season. "It's an opportunity for the club to tell me what the plan is, short, medium and long-term."
Joey Haddad was a dominant force last season, playing the role of a power forward.
Cookie Cook and Tom Westley celebrate their first Championship centuries of the season as Essex close on 243-2 against Hampshire. Cookie Cook celebrates his first Championship century as Essex end the first day of play on 243 for two against Hampshire in the first County Championship match at Chelmsford.
Mackie has scored twice in 33 Championship games for the Rs
NHS Improvement said it was "disappointing" the results could not be published until after the election.The Department of Health and the Conservative Party did not comment.In the 2015-16 financial year, hospitals and other trusts ran up deficits totalling Â£2.4bn.The latest figures covering the three months until the end of March will confirm the deficits for the most recent financial year.
Emma Gleeson, who has been experiencing anxiety, depression and panic attacks for many years.She was 19 when she really began struggling with mental health.Following a severe episode of pneumonia, she ended up in intensive care in a coma.When she woke up she was petrified. She developed an extreme fear of death, and this can precipitate her panic attacks.During an attack, Emma feels terrified, and can often scream out loud.It is extremely worrying for her family and can be scary to onlookers.Emma has tried various medications and counselling therapies but was still struggling and getting three to four panic attacks per
Violet-Grace Youens died after Aidan McAteer's car struck her on Prescot Road, St Helens, on 24 March
Amazon has launched a new streaming service in the UK, Amazon Prime Video, which will allow viewers to subscribe to traditional television channels individually, without paying for a bundle of channels.Until now, Prime Video has offered only on-demand films and TV shows.But one analyst said the launch line-up of channels was "not immediately desirable" and would struggle to attract satellite TV customers.
The number of Americans with no more than a high-school diploma who said they were "living comfortably" or "doing okay" fell to 60% from 61%. The gap between rich and poor "keeps growing" - but what about the rest?
Symbols of every event feature on the design, while the London skyline is included with Tower Bridge, the London Eye, the Shard and Big Ben
Kil Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has announced his retirement from the club.McCulloch has been in interim charge at Rugby Park since Lee Clark's departure for Bury in February, and successfully kept Kilmarnaock in the Scottish Premiership.Michael Johnston has been at the club for 15 years, serving as chairman for 10.
Yorkshire v Lancashire: Jack Brooks' career-best 94 not out helps Yorkshire to 421-7 at the close. Yorkshire's Jack Brooks scores a career-high 94 to help his team reach 421 for seven on day two of the Roses Match against Lancashhire. Yorkshire captain Andy Hodd (44) and Jack Brooks (118 not out) are the only wickets to fall on the second day in the Roses match between the two sides.
The UN-backed government's defence minister and the commander of the militia have both been suspended pending an investigation.The prime minister's office has denied ordering the attack.A militia spokesman said they had "liberated the base and destroyed all the forces inside".The town's mayor said some aircraft had been set ablaze.
Celtic 2-1 Aberdeen Dons: Dons 1-1 in Scottish Cup final. Celtic beat Aberdeen to win the Scottish Cup for the first time since 2013 and become the first side in Scotland to complete an unbeaten treble - and their first since 2001. Celtic's Tom Rogic celebrates after scoring the opening goal of the game in the first half to give his side a 1-0 lead against the Dons.But Celtic were level within two minutes as Stuart Armstrong was given too much time to pick out the far corner from the edge of the box.Late Celtic pressure paid off as Rogic fired low past goalkeeper
Anglesey's Safer Neighbourhood policing team has issued a dispersal order in Llangefni town centre.The power allows police and community support officers to force troublemakers to leave.The order will remain in force until 01:00 BST on Sunday.
David David Lombán (Granada CF) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.Hernán Pérez replaces Leo Baptistao.Héctor tries a through ball, but Adrián Ramos is caught offside.Víctor Álvarez (Espanyol) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Foul by Héctor.Rene Krhin replaces Uche.Jurado replaces Entrena.David Lombán replaces HernánPérez.Juerado replaces Jeremie Boga.Hergán Pere
Leeds boss Stuart McCall says he and some of his players were goaded by supporters following their 1-0 loss to the Lions at Wembley.Millwall boss Neil Harris encouraged his side's fans to leave the pitch to allow the team to enjoy their celebrations, while match-winner Steve Morison claimed they had "ruined" the moment.
Somerset v Warwickshire: Jonathan Trott hits 175 to reach 25,000 runs. Somerset's Marcus Trescothick (41) is still there at the close on 41, out of 94-4 at Taunton on day four of the first day of the County Championship match between Somerset and Worcestershire. Warwickhire's Jonathan Trottt celebrates his 175 as the Bears beat Somerset by an innings and 40 runs to reach the milestone of 25,500 runs in county cricket.
Derbyshire v Worcestershire: Mitch Mitchell reaches 10,000 first-class runs. Mitch Mitchell celebrates after reaching his first-ever double century to help Worcesterhire reach 323-3 on day four of the One-Day Cup semi-final. Mitch Mitch celebrates after scoring his first double century for the county. Mitchell Mitchell reaches his first ever double century with a century in the One Day Cup final against Worcstershire at Hereford & Worcester.
The Pass Wide and Slow Wales campaign is a petition to the Welsh Assembly for Wales.
Luton Town: Goalkeeper Liam Gooch, defender Stephen O'Donnell, midfielder Danny Green and forwards Zane Banton and Craig Mackail-Smith to leave.
A team of researchers say they've come up with a new exercise that cuts the risk of kids getting hurt when playing rugby.
Llanelli's Jamie Barclay says the Scarlets squad is the strongest he has seen in his five years in the Welsh region. Jamie Barclay says he is not too fussed about the length of seasons, or feeling beat-up or fatigued. I'm just enjoying being involved and playing rugby still.
China is once again prey to political groupthink and fear. The latest trigger is a speech by a Chinese student at an American campus. On 21 May, at an official event, Shuping Yang praised the fresh air and freedom of speech she had found at the University of Maryland.The video clip of her speech quickly went viral and triggered an outpouring of anger from fellow Chinese students in the US and critics at home.The irony is that the very backlash against her has only served to make her point about the want of freedom of free speech in her homeland. It has also highlighted a conflict between a commitment to free of speech in Western countries that host large communities of Chinese students and
Archaeologist Jon Coward said: "The big mosaic will be lifted and conserved but quite where it will end up I couldn't tell you."
A pre-application notice was submitted on Friday, paving the way for full proposals for Jedburgh in due course.
A public consultation is also taking place at the Oasis Youth Centre on Tuesday which will show some suggested routes around a new educational hub being constructed known as The Bridge.
Theresa May has repeated "strong and stable" and it does not seem as though she will stop any time soon.The prime minister is determined to make this election about Brexit and how a vote for the Tories means a vote for her to have a "strong hand" at the negotiating table with the EU.An added dimension to this election is the potential for the Conservatives to make significant gains in Wales.Recent polling data from the Wales Governance Centre suggests the Conservatives may be on course to become the largest party in Wales, a huge electoral breakthrough which would see the Labour Party losing its position as the dominant party in Wales
The trial heard the attack was the result of a turf war which had erupted between two rival gangs over the control of the drugs trade in Rhyl.The prosecution said the killing was retribution for an earlier incident when Melia and Davies were said to have been chased by masked armed men while drug dealing in the area.Jurors were shown CCTV footage of a white Renault van near The Cob area of Rhyl on the afternoon of 27 October which showed the white van being stopped by a black BMW 4X4.Shouts of "stab him" and "kill him" could be heard.
The decommissioned Transocean Winner came ashore at Dalmore, near Carloway on Lewis, in a storm while being towed to the Mediterranean.
Premiership Rugby confirms 2019-20 domestic season will start in early September and finish at the end of June. The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has said an extended Premiership season will be "seriously detrimental to player welfare".
Ryan Walls took pictures of 101 passengers during the Edinburgh Festival in 2015.
The only French side in Super League had lost their last five matches in a row
He has played more than 100 times for Rovers since 2012 and has agreed a one-year extension.
A 30ft (9m) decomposed whale washed up on the beach at Felixstowe on Sunday and the body of a minke whale was spotted near Orford on Saturday.
Matt Johnson plays the younger brother of a man who is convinced he does not want to live anymore.
Firefighters used six pumping appliances and breathing apparatus to battle the blaze.
Hungary's right-wing Fidesz government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban is under sustained pressure from European institutions to withdraw the three laws, two of which have already been passed, the BBC's Nick Thorpe in Budapest reportsHungary is currently forcibly housing asylum seekers in secured shipping containers, raising serious questions whether it is compatible with EU lawCritics say the education law could lead to the closure of the prestigious Central European University, founded by philanthropist George SorosThousands of Hungarians have held protest rallies against the laws in recent monthsAsked by Reuters on Monday whether Hungary would backtrack on any of the three issues, Mr Szijjart
Myanmar's military has denied accusations of ethnic cleansing against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state, despite a United Nations human rights report that accuses it of committing "crimes against humanity". Myanmar's army has denied human rights abuses against the Rohingya Muslim population in the country's western state of Aung San Suu Kyi's home region, after a UN human rights body said it found evidence of crimes against humanity in a report released on Thursday.The report, released by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), said the attacks were "widespread as well as systematic, indicating the very
James Ibori went from petty thief to Nigerian state governor to convicted money launderer.He was jailed in the UK for fraud totalling nearly £50m in 2012. He was due to be released on 20 December but instead was held in immigration detention.After he was released he launched his claim against the Home Secretary Amber Rudd for damages.
She was killed in the attack.She was with her partner Paul, who was seriously injured, and two children, who were also hurt.In a statement, her family said: "Elaine was a much-loved daughter, sister, auntie, friend and colleague."She was everyone's friend, thoughtful beyond belief with an effervescent and outgoing personality."Eilidh was vivacious and full of fun. She loved all music whether it was listening to Ariana or playing the bagpipes with her beautiful smile.She said she wanted to thank the emergency services and the people of Manchester for "their continued
GreatGreat City Games to go ahead. The Great City Games, an open and free event for the public, is due to take place in Manchester on Friday.
The families of two prisoners who took their own lives at HMP Woodhill in Milton Keynes have lost a judicial review claim against the prison system. Two families have lost their bid for judicial review against the Milton Keynes prison system after two prisoners killed themselves last year. The families claimed Woodhill's governor had not complied fully with Prison Service Instructions (PSIs).
The Hunted One claims to have caught 57 people, leading to 27 convictions
Celtic's Leigh Griffiths: Kieran Tierney and Tom Rogic have been in impressive form in recent weeks - scoring six goals in their last 10 games. Celtic's Kieran Griffiths and Leigh Rogic are confident of sealing the treble if they beat Aberdeen in the Scottish Cup final. Celtic midfielder Leigh GriffithS Tierney has been a key player for Brendan Rodgers' side this season and Kieran Roberts says he is "proud" to be part of the squad for the final against Aberdeen.
It may be their signature pose, but how and why the birds perch on one limb has been a longstanding puzzle.Previously, researchers had wondered whether the one-legged position might help reduce muscle fatigue, as the birds alternated from standing on one leg to the other.Other teams have proposed that this behaviour helps regulate body temperature.Dr Anderson's own research suggests that the birds adopt the unusual posture in order to conserve heat.However, dead birds cannot stand unsupported on two legs, suggesting a greater role for active muscle force in this posture: "If you tilt it to the vertical, like you would if you were
Leeds Rhinos 12-12 Warrington Wolves. Rhinos beat a team that is lacking confidence and not as good as they can be, says Leeds head coach Brian McDermott. Leeds are up to third in Super League and have won five of their past seven games.
Lawrobert.lyle@bbc.co.uk
Castleford Tigers 24-10 Leigh Centurions. Castleford Castleford 24 - 10 Leigh Centurion Leigh Half-back Adam Eden scores four tries to help the Tigers to a narrow victory in Super League's Betfred Super League Division One on Saturday. Adam Eden scored four tries for Castleford in a narrow win over Leigh at Castleford on Saturday. Two Jesse Sene-Lefao tries got the Tigers on the way after Leigh had one of three scores ruled out by the video referee, before Eden cut loose.
Tom Dumoulin (Ned/Sunweb) wins stage 17 of the Tour de France. The defending champion holds off Team Sky's Mikel Landa in a sprint finish after escaping from Nairo Quintana during a high-speed final descent into Bormio. The stage 17 is a 219km race from Tirano to Canazei. The race's stage 17 was won by defending champion Vincenzo Nibali, who held off defending champion Landa to win the sprint finish. The second stage of the Tirano-Bormio race was won on Tuesday by defending world champion Tom Tom Dum
Liverpool City Council's chief executive Ged Fitzgerald and leader of the Conservatives at Lancashire County Council Geoff Driver were among four men held on Monday.
Crystal Palace boss Sam Allardyce quits after one season in charge. Crystal Palace have confirmed that former England and West Ham boss Alan Pardew has left the Premier League club to take charge of Crystal Palace on a two-and-a-half-year contract.The 62-year-old, who had an ill-fated one-game spell as England boss, led the club to eight wins in 21 games to guide them to a 14th-place finish. "I have no ambitions to take another job, I simply want to be able to enjoy all the things you cannot really enjoy with the
Charlene Walker, 36, suffered a single stab wound at the Darlington home of Julie Gowling in December
Paul Pass, 49, was stabbed in his flat in Gloucester last October by the pair, who used it as a drug-dealing baseAdua and Islam were found guilty of murder at an earlier hearingBristol Crown Court heard Mr Pass was hit over the head with a guitar and stabbed in the leg, which caused his deathThe gang took revenge by attacking Mr Pass after his friends had broken into the flat and stolen their drugsMr Pass's mother Josephine said: "I feel both angry towards the men who took Paul from me
Google Attribution will allow advertisers to see whether online ad campaigns generate offline sales.
China's debt mountain can loom larger than the fundamentals suggest.But, if the old joke is that when America sneezes, the rest of the world catches a cold, when it comes to China, it only has to think about reaching for its handkerchief and the global economy can suffer a fit of the vapours.When China announced weaker-than-expected economic data at the beginning of 2016, world stock markets went into free fall and commodity prices tumbled.In 2010, average Chinese growth hovered around 10%. It is now between 6% and 7%.More manageable than the heady days of
Cafodd siopwyr eu hebrwng o Ganolfan Siopa Quadrant toc wedi 14:00, ac mae'r digwyddiad hefyd wedi cau gorsaf fysus a marchnad y ddinas.
George is an ambassador for the Royal Horticultural Society, which runs the show, and he even has his own blog.
The National Trust has announced a shortlist of six teams for Clandon Park House in Surrey, which was reduced to a charred shell in 2015.
Great CityGames and Great Manchester Run to take place in Manchester. The Great City Games and the Manchester Run will be held in Manchester on Friday and Sunday, the city council has said.
Vuelta a Castilla y Leon: Pierre Rolland wins stage from Tirano to Canazei. France's Laurent Rolland takes his first stage win on the Tour de France since 2015 with a victory on the stage to Tirano-Canazei in Italy. France win their first stage of the Tour of the Basque Country since 2015.  Tom Dumoulin (Ned/Sunweb) 76hrs 05mins 38secs2.  Nairo Quintana (Col/Movistar) +31secs3.
The US foots more than a quarter of the UN's $7.9bn peacekeeping bill.
Lazio 2-1 Crotone: Ciro Immobile and Nalini score as Crotone celebrate one of the most famous days in their history. Lazio's chances before kick-off did not look good as they faced fifth-placed Lazio, but they were deserved winners.Crotone's chances were not good as Lazio were beaten 2-0 by Crotone at the Stadio Luigi Ferraris in Serie A on Saturday, but the minnows managed to come back from a two-goal deficit to beat Empoli 3-2. Lazio goalkeeper Gianmarco Ferrari made two saves to
Jacob Brentnall drove to Manchester from his home in Nottingham after midnight when he read about the bombing in the news and on social media.
Darby, 28, made 194 league appearances for the Bantams
Clarkie and Melanie Killen became the first father and daughter to officiate a senior game in Ireland, according to the North West Cricket Union.
India's Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has welcomed the return of an Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage by her husband in Pakistan.The woman, named only as Uzma, was escorted across the Wagah border by Indian High Commission officials.She has accused her husband, Tahir Ali, of torturing her. He denies the allegations.The incident comes amid increasing tension between India and Pakistan.
A woman who was at the Manchester Arena concert with her daughter and her daughter's friend has said she is "very lucky" to be alive after a steel nut went through her phone and her cheek.
Jose Mourinho has had his targets "for more than two months".
Hartlepool United manager Paul Cox has been linked with a move to Barrow. Hartleport United manager Peter Cox has reportedly been linked by Barrow to take over as manager of the club on the final day of the season.
President Donald Trump's visit to the EU and Nato. The 45th President of the United States found himself immersed for the first time and at first hand in the complexities of the EU.
David Simpson was the leader of Ceredigion Council from 2014 to 2017.He was the only person nominated after the previous leader, Jamie Adams, pulled out of the contest.
It could be over in hours - or it could take weeks.That's how unknowable an acute counter-terrorism investigation can be for MI5 and the police.While there is a sense that there has been significant headway in the last 24 hours, we should be careful about reading too much, too soon, into how long it will take Greater Manchester Police and their colleagues to be sure they have dealt with every single possible lead after Monday's events.In recent years, we've got a greater understanding of how the more secretive end of these massive operations play out.But as the workload mounts, as it has done thanks
Holly Bradshaw sets new British women's pole vault record in Manchester. Harry Rutherford wins the T44 men's 100m in 10.92 seconds at the Great City Games in Manchester.Media playback is not supported on this device Bradshaw wins pole vault.
Jermain Defoe signs for Bournemouth. Jermain defoe signs a three-year contract at BOURNEMOUTH from Sunderland, the Premier League club have announced.
Greece's Finance Minister Lucas Papademos and his driver have been injured in a car crash in Athens, reports say.Mr Tsipras, who is attending a Nato summit in Brussels, is being kept informed of the incident, Greek news agency ANA said.Reports say the blast may have been caused by a letter bomb.
Guinea earned their only point of the tournament with a 1-1 draw with England on Tuesday
He pleaded not guilty to possessing an extreme pornographic image at Hull Crown Court.
The One Show - Live in Cardiff is on BBC One at 19:00 BST on Friday
Mae'r asgellwr Steff Evans yn rhydd i chwarae wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad.Mae'r bechgyn yn gwybod os bydden ni'n cael y perfformiad yn iawn ar y diwrnod fe allwn drechu unrhyw dîm, felly mi f
Col Coleraine's Peter Chambers and Englishman Will Fletcher are into the semi-finals of the men's lightweight double sculls.
Cheltenham Town sign Leyton Orient defender Yves Atangana. Cheltonham Town have signed Leyton-Orient defender Yeovil midfielder Yves Aangana on a one-year contract after the club were relegated from League Two.
The election on the 8 June is for the Westminster parliament, rather than the assembly, but parties are now.
Shropshire University College Shrewsbury has announced it will be cutting 76 jobs as part of a review of its finances.The decision "has no impact" on students, it said, and although 76 posts might go, it was anticipated the final figure.
All you need to know about the Labour Party
A 20-year-old woman was shot in Malvern Road in Kilburn, north-west London, on Friday night
Is Manchester ready to move on and talk politics? The queue at St Ann's Square to lay tributes to those killed and injured in the attack stretches back about 260ft (80m).
Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes: 'We ran out of legs'. Aberdeen's Dons boss Derek MacInnes says his side ran out on their 351st day of pre-season. Aberdeen manager Derek McIngnes admits his side were out of their depth after finishing runners-up to Celtic last season in the Scottish Premiership and lost the League Cup final.
Olympic silver medallist Adam Heath wins K2 200m in Hungary. Adam Heath celebrates after winning gold in the men's K2 kayak event at the European Championships in HungaryAdam Heath wins gold in Hungary after winning the K2 double kayak race in Hungary.
Stoke-on-Trent City Council has secured investment for the redevelopment of the Victoria Ground site, which has been vacant since 1997.Plans for the 16-acre site include 130 homes being built initially, followed by a further 70.
Senegal put the ball in the back of the net after 54 minutes but the video assistant referee ruled that Aliou Badji's effort was illegal as the forward had fouled Ecuador goalkeeper Jose Cevallos Senegal finished the match with 10 men after Cavin Diagne was sent off following a second bookable offence
A woman has been charged with leaving a child under the age of nine unattended in a vehicle in the boot of a parked car.The five-year-old was locked in the trunk of the car, police say.The incident happened on Thursday in Riverdale, Utah.The children are now with their father.
Angela Merkel says she wants friendly relations with US President Donald Trump and Britain, but Europe now has to "fight for its own destiny". German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged Europe to "take our destiny into our own hands" after Donald Trump refused to re-commit to the Paris climate deal at the G7 summit. Germany's Angela Merkel is on the campaign trail ahead of elections in September, saying the times in which we could completely depend on others are on the way out. "I've experienced that in the last few days."
Republic of Ireland: James McClean, Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle link up with squad for Mexico game. Ireland's squad for the World Cup qualifier against Mexico in the United States on 11 June will be led by former Manchester United striker James McCLean and goalkeeper Darren Randolph. Ireland have named their squad for their World Cup qualifiers against Mexico and Uruguay in the USA, which will be followed by a friendly with Uruguay on 4 June.
Ben Ainslie's Land Rover BAR defeated by defending champions Oracle Team USA and Emirates Team New Zealand in the America's Cup qualifiers. A nosedive after gate three resulted a 39-second defeat for BAR against USA. And despite a penalty, New Zealand beat BAR by one minute and 28 seconds. BAR's port hull careered into Japan's starboard hull prior to the race.
Chelsea's John Terry keen to become a manager. John Terry is leaving Chelsea this summer after more than two decades at Stamford Bridge.
3030 new military advisers will raise Australia's total deployment to 300, Defence Minister Marise Payne said
The Philippines' military says it is in "complete control of the city except for certain areas" held by militants from the Maute group, the local militants who have declared allegiance to IS.
David Bedene unable to overturn ban preventing him from representing Great Britain in Davis Cup. British tennis: Davis Cup ban prevents David Benoit Paire from playing for Great Britain at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. British Davis Cup captain Andy Murray has ruled out allowing David Bedford to play for Slovenia in the 2020 Olympics. Britain's Davis Cup player David Bedène has been ruled out of the 2020 Olympic Games after a ban preventing the Slovenian from representing the country in the Davis Cup.
Roland Garros: Garbine Muguruza beats Francesca Schiavone in the first round of the French Open. Garbis defeated Serena Williams to win his maiden Grand Slam title a year ago.
He threatened their 32-year-old victim with a knife before punching him and robbing him.Det Con Stuart Burnside appealed for help in tracing the men.He said: "These despicable individuals preyed on a vulnerable man who clearly could not stand up for himself and has been left absolutely traumatised by what happened."This type of abhorrent behaviour will not be tolerated and extensive enquiries are underway to find these criminals and hold them to account for their cowardly actions."I would appeal to anyone who was in the surrounding area late on Friday night, who may have witnessed the incident or may have seen two men matching the descriptions, to
Derby: John Jenkins defends decision to run 1,000-1 outsider Diore Lia. The total purse for the Epsom Derby will be £1.625m.
Well, that's what happened to pupils at a London school when David Walliams turned up one morning.
Six Russian athletes have been suspended from the Winter Olympics for doping offences, the International Ski Federation has said.The six, including Sochi medallists, were named as having had urine samples tampered with at the 2014 Games.
The Labour candidate here is a vocal supporter of Jeremy Corbyn. And she thinks the Labour leader's message is appealing to voters.Hannah Bardell took even more of the vote that Robin Cook had back in 2005 (she won 57% of the vote  - a majority of almost 17,000)."People have found that the SNP have been a strong voice for them in Livingston - I've done everything in my power to raise constituency issues on the floor of the house," she says."There has certainly been big changes in Livingston. But what West Lothian and Livingston have been very good at doing is bouncing back
Scottish salmon sales jump more than 50% in the first three months of 2017. Scottish salmon is the UK's top food and drink export, according to the Food & Drink Exporters Association (FDF).
A man's body was discovered at the DoubleTree by Hilton on Eastfield Road on Saturday at about 19:25
The 22-year-old played for Yeovil in the 2012-13 season.
Asghar Buksh, 55, repeatedly struck mother-of-six Nasreen Buksh over the head with a heavy blunt object which has never been found.He admitted culpable homicide on the basis of diminished responsibility after saying he had no recollection of the killing at Dixon Avenue, Glasgow, on 24 September last year.The High Court in Glasgow heard that 43-year-old Mrs Buksh died after being struck on the head at least five times.Pathologists told the court that the lack of defensive injuries and the position of her body suggested she was assaulted as she slept.Following the attack, Buksh went to Cath
A new report has called for the Borders Railway to be extended through the Scottish Borders to Carlisle.The report, produced by the Campaign for Borders Rail (CBR), said that could provide a "new strategic link" in the national network.Extending the line is already being examined as part of a wider study of transport issues in southern Scotland."We believe that the Borders needs a through route to the south to maximise the region's economic potential," the CBR report states."For Hawick, a rail link is vital."The Summary Case for a New Cross-Border Rail Link adds: "CBR is committed to
The Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) study found 15% of people said it happened "most of the time" or "always".
Hoover pension scheme could be scrapped. The Hoover pensions scheme has been negotiating with the pension regulator and the Public Pension Fund (PPF) to offload its pension liabilities.
Hearts boss Craig Levein: Ian Cathro 'frustrating and a tad disappointing'. Hearts director of football Craig Lefeldin says he has high hopes for new head coach Craig Cathro after the club's fifth-placed finish in the Premiership. Hearts head manager Craig Leveson says he is "frustrated" with his side's season after finishing fifth in the Scottish Premiership.
Zambia boss Chambeshi says his side have the strength and power to match Germany in the quarter-finals of the Asian Cup. Zambia coach Chambesi has said his side are confident of beating Germany in Wednesday's quarter-final of the African Cup of Nations.
The man claims he had sex with Julie Wadsworth up to 15 times, between the ages of 14 and 18, including once when her husband Tony joined in.He told the jury he sent messages to Mrs Wadsworth years after the alleged abuse when "drunk, depressed, or down".The complainant, now in his 30s, told Warwick Crown Court: "I kept going back when the abuse was happening."I didn't really want to do that.
Castleford Tigers 24-24 St Helens. Castleford's Daryl Powell's side secure a seventh straight victory with a win over Saints in Super League as they move to the top of the Super League table with a 34-24 victory over St. Helens.Castleford: Eden; Gill, Webster, Monaghan, Minikin; Roberts, T Holmes; Lynch, McShane, Massey, Foster, Larroyer, Sene-Lefao.Replacements: McMeeken, Moors, Hitchcox, Trueman.St Helens: Makinson; Swift, Morgan
The Royal Opera House in London was evacuated for a fire alarm in the middle of a performance of Donizetti's opera L'elisir d'amore.
Ovarian cancer: A new drug is showing promise as a potential new treatment for women with ovarian cancer, according to a study.The drug, known as ONX-0801, is the first in a new class of drugs which work by mimicking the ability of folic acid selectively to latch on to cancer cells, while leaving healthy tissue alone.It is hoped the drug could help women who have stopped responding to all other currently available treatments.However, ovarian cancer is a difficult disease to treat, and the prognosis in the advanced stages is very poor.The researchers, from the Institute of Cancer Research and the
Aweys Faqey, from North London, was arrested at the airport on 23 May
"But now we are on the way back up again and it's great to be involved and play a part in that."
About 170,000 people are expected in Cardiff over four days around the match.
Theresa May's extreme version of Brexit which will cause real damage to the NHS, Nick Clegg says. The Lib Dems have attacked Theresa May for saying that she is the best person to lead talks on leaving the European Union.
Former Association of Police and Crime Commissioners (APCC) chief executive Nazir Afzal was advised against going on Question Time.
On 30 October 1974, a fight for the world heavyweight championship took place between George Foreman and Muhammad Ali in Kinshasa, Zaire. The bout between the then undefeated world heavyweight champion, Foreman, and his charismatic challenger, Ali, came to be known as "The Rumble in the Jungle". It is often called one of the greatest sporting events of the 20th Century. Ali eventually triumphed, knocking Foreman down in the eighth round and reclaiming the title from his significantly younger opponent. To mark the anniversary of Ali's death last year at the age of 74, photographer Hugh Kinsella Cunningham visited
Birmingham Birmingham Bears seamer Oliver Thornton has signed a one-year contract extension to the end of the 2018 season.
A hotel worker has been jailed for 18 weeks in prison for causing suffering to a cat which was put in a bag and hit with a piece of wood.The RSPCA said the cat had defecated in the Royal Oak Hotel kitchen in Betws-y-Coed in December.
Cyber-security researchers have abandoned a plan to sell hacking tools stolen from the US National Security Agency for a bounty of $22,000 (£17,000).The hacking group currently plans to sell a new batch of security exploits, for a payment via the crypto-currency Zcash, worth about $22.000 (Â£17.000).On Tuesday, two security researchers set up a crowd-funding campaign to buy access to the exploits, so the vulnerabilities could be fixed instead.But the idea divided the cyber-security community."There's a 50-50 split on whether it is a good idea and whether
Northants v Durham: Division Two's bottom side Durham went into the game on the back of a dramatic defeat by Glamorgan.
The device was taken away for forensic examination.
PwC said the UK is one of the most active places in Europe for regulatory enforcement in this area.
Bernard Dunne is a top-quality person and a very good performance direction and he needs to let to get on with his business.
Matt Wilmot, 40, was found by police after reports of concern for the welfare of a man.
Crawley Town: Crawley sign Watford loanee Josh Bobson. Crawley have signed Watford striker Josh Bobanson on a season-long loan deal from the Hornets.
Owen Farrell and Johnny Sexton in contention to face All Blacks. Warren Gatland says each of his 41-man squad is in contention for the All Blacks Test squad.Warren Gatland has said Owen Farrell is "pretty aware" of the competition for the fly-half spot in his All Blacks squad.
The future of the outdoor pool in Milford Haven was uncertain after the county council voted to cut its Â£1,000 annual budget.
Brian Buckle of Fishguard was convicted of child sex abuse in the 1990s.
A commemorative blue plaque is being put on the property as part of a wider project by the Submariners Association.The latest one will honour the man who is considered to be "the most successful submarine commander of World War Two".Malcolm David Wanklyn was born on 28 June 1911 in India.His father William was a successful businessman and engineer who served in the army during the World War One and who had grown up in Ayrshire.At the end of the war the family moved to Knockinaam which was prompted by his father's new posting to Scotland as Inspector of Munitions.The family stayed
Rolo, a chocolate Labrador, was saved after two coastguard rescue teams and an RNLI lifeboat were called in, near Brixham.
Here are some of your pictures from the 26 beaches ranked as Scotland's "most excellent" for water quality.
A man's bike has been involved in a collision with a car in the village of Kilkeel.
Dundee FC: Stuart McCann leaves club. Stuart McCann has left Dundee to return to his previous role as a television pundit.
Two members of staff, who have been described as "very experienced", tried to cover it up by using another person's ashes for the ceremony in front of the family.
Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or via Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics
Michael Ronson statue in Hull's East Park. The 8ft guitar statue has been erected in East Park, where he worked as an attendant before gaining musical fame working with David Bowie.
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don says the UK garden market is becoming increasingly dominated by supermarkets.The BBC's Gardeners World presenter believes consumers should shop around."I'm a huge fan of independent nurseries. That is where you get the expertise.
Juventus face Real Madrid in Saturday's sell-out game at Cardiff's renamed National Stadium.
Solihull Town sign defender Mark Edwards from Barwell. Defender Mark Edwards has agreed a new one-year deal with League Two side Soliull Town.
James Moore, from Tullymore road in the Waterside, was due in court on Friday for driving without insurance, tax, L-plates and without a qualified driver.
The distance from home and my young family was too much.
"I was down in the dip but they (the investigators) would not see me from where they were standing."
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has defended her government's decision to hold a second independence referendum following last year's Scottish Parliament elections.But the first minister said it would happen only after the outcome of the Brexit negotiations became clear.She was the last of the four main party leaders in Scotland to appear on the programme, before a live studio audience, in the week before the general election on 8 June.
US President Donald Trump has defended his decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement, saying that it would only have a "tiny, tiny" impact on global temperatures.But researchers have told BBC News that the President was "cherry picking in the extreme" in his use of the facts.They say that the Paris deal could make the difference between tolerable and dangerous levels of warming.The study on which this assertion was based was carried out by scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2014 and published in 2015.Crucially the study didn't include all the commitments made by countries in the run up to the meeting in the
Desmond Ricks' lawyers say homicide detectives switched bullets in his mother's gun to pin a shooting on him.He was convicted of gunning down a friend outside a restaurant in Detroit, Michigan, in March 1992, and sentenced to at least 32 years in prison.
US economic recovery stuck in a rut? Job creation kept pace with population growth in May, but it was not what financial markets were expecting.
Hull City of Culture 2017: St Davids in Pembrokeshire and Swansea both hope to inherit the title from Hull in 2021
The Lib Dem site was called "May & Co" - the same name as a Chelsea estate agent established in 1920.The firm's boss, John Yianni, said he started getting abusive and "weird" phone calls when the campaign appeared on Twitter.He said he had contacted Sir Vince Cable and the Lib Dem headquarters to ask for the campaign to be dropped."I was a Vince Cable supporter.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was a member of the "Remain Campaign" lobbying against a US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. So President Trump's "Climate Brexit" was a blow to him - in an ironic twist the fossil fuel company he used to head supports the accord.
Scottish golfer Peter Donaldson takes the lead at the Swedish Open. Scotland's Pete Donaldson leads the European Tour's Swedish Open after two rounds in Malmo after carding five birdies and just his first bogey of the week.
A 16-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital.
Jason Dufner holed from 176 yards at 18 as his approach to the back of the green rolled down the slope and into the cup.
Norwich striker Steven Naismith says he will not return to Scotland. Norwich striker Stephen Naismiths does not see himself returning to Scotland just yet, but says he wants to learn from new manager Daniel Farke at Carrow Road.
West Yorkshire Police are investigating 165 cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in Keighley, West Yorkshire.The cases involve 165 suspects and more than 100 victims.A police spokesperson said many cases had "multiple suspects and multiple victims".
Bruno Alves: Rangers boss Brendan Caixinha says defender is the perfect fit for Rangers. Rangers manager Brendan McCarthy says Bruno is the "perfect fit for what the manager is trying to bring to Rangers right now".Rangers boss Brendan McCarthy has hailed the signing of Portugal international centre-back Bruno alves as a shrewd move for the club.Brendan Rodgers' side finished 39 points ahead of Rangers last season as they won the Premiership and went on to secure an unbeaten domestic treble.
The victim was set upon by up to eight men in the Heights area
Pl Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has said she would be open to a discussion about putting income tax up for higher earners in Wales.
Zanzibar formally submits application to become a member of FIFA. The Tanzania Football Federation (TFF) has formally submitted an application for the semi-autonomous territory to become the 212th member association of world football's governing body.
It is a political truism that security issues tend to favour the incumbent, allowing the prime minister of the day to look and be prime ministerial.It lifts them temporarily from the petty partisan point-scoring to the Olympian heights of statesmanship and all that a Downing Street podium can confer upon them.In times of uncertainty, the status quo looks attractive.As Belloc rhymed, "Always keep a-hold of nurse for fear of finding something worse".Yet for Mrs May this is a double-edged sword.Her security background gives her the experience and knowledge to sound convincing and credible on counter-terrorism. Yet
St Johnstone midfielder Kyle McClean signs a one-year deal at the club.
Ocado shares closed down 1.7% despite the online retailer securing its first overseas deal to set up an online grocery service for a European retailer.
Richard and Judy book clubs: Emma Watson, Reese Witherspoon, Florence Welch, Zoella and Sarah Jessica Parker. Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan and Oprah are the new breed of celebrity book clubs. The new breed are almost exclusively female, including Emma Watson and Florence Welch.
Lusaka (AFP) Zambian authorities have arrested seven Chinese nationals accused of running illegal mining in the Copperbelt province of Zambia.The arrests happened in a joint police and immigration operation in the town of Chingola, 400km (250 miles) north of the capital,.
Miranda Hart, who plays the orphanage owner Miss Hannigan in the musical, did her trademark gallop during the curtain call at the musical's opening night at London's Piccadilly Theatre.The enthusiastic celebrity-packed audience included her Miranda co-stars Tom Ellis, Patricia Hodge, Sally Phillips and Sarah Hadland.Speaking to the BBC after the show, Miranda said she felt "exhilarated" to be making her West End debut as the "big and brash and clowny" Orphanage owner."Despite being grotesque and a drunk and vile, she's also vulnerable and very funny
England Under-20s reach World Cup semi-finals for first time in 24 years. England reach the World Cup semis for the first time since 1993 with a 2-1 win over Mexico in Mexico City.
The animal welfare charity received a call saying there was an injured or possibly dead snake at Green Street Park
Wigan Athletic sign Ryan Dunkley from Oxford United on a free transfer.
Eb Mills scored 102 goals for Whitehawk after joining the club
An inquest into the death of an 11-year-old boy by self-suspension has been adjourned after new evidence emerged that a police sergeant involved in the investigation spoke to a school manager in January. The inquest was expected to consider whether or not the pupil at Beckfoot Upper Heaton School had been bullied.
Mohammed Haji Sadiq denies committing 15 child sex offences over a 10-year period.
Roedd Aelod Cynulliad Plaid Cymru dros yr etholaeth, Elin Jones, wedi cyhoeddi llun o'r hysbyseb ar ei thudalen Facebook, gan fynnu nad oedd yn wir.Yn dilyn hynny dywedodd Mark Williams, ymgeisydd y Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol yng Ngheredigion, fod yr hysb yn "nonsens" a'i fod bellach wedi ei dileu.
Vicky Cherry's cause of death could not be ascertained because of heavy decomposition but a pathologist concluded she may have died as a result of strangulation, as injuries to her neck were detected.
Theresa May has been accused of letting austerity damage her ability to keep us safe.
A man has been dismissed from the fire service after a delay in the arrival of a fire engine at a house where a woman died.The man, who has not been named, was dismissed following disciplinary proceedings, Devon and Somerset Fire Service said.Molly Wigmore, 76, died in the fire at her Plymouth home in October last year.
Eden Hazard will not return to training for approximately three months.
Ryan Burnett will fight Lee Haskins for the IBF world bantamweight title on Saturday
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku says he wants to play in the Champions League and try to win the Premier League once.
The children's laureate is chosen by a panel of judges from the book world.
There are many unreported cases Ole Schröder, a top interior ministry official
Worcestershire v Glamorgan: Ben Tongue outshone Tom Fell and Brett D'Oliveira. Ben Cox's aggressive 93 off 99 balls is the mainstay of the home innings as Worcesterhire beat Glamwell. WorcesTERSTWEST'S Ben Cox hits a century as Ben Cox scores a century in his side's first Championship match of the season.
Ian Toothill said he believes he is the first cancer patient to scale the world's highest mountain.
The United States has called on the UN Human Rights Council to address its "chronic anti-Israel bias" and said it would convene a side-meeting on Venezuela during her visit to Geneva to drive home the point.The US has been a member of the UNHRC since 2006, but its membership has included serial human rights violators such as China, Russia, Venezuela and Saudi Arabia.In March, the US adopted five biased resolutions, in March, against a single country, Israel. It's hard to accept that this council has never considered a resolution on Venezuela and yet it adopted fivebiased resolutions,
Istanbul Basaksehir's Cedjou to join Galatasaray in 2016/17. Indomitable Lion defender Djibril Sidibe has opted to join Turkish side Istanbul Basakhshir after reaching the end of his contract with city rivals Galatasay.
Notts County appoint Jason Turner, Corrine Rigby and Amanda Fletcher as football operations directors. Notts Counties have appointed a new senior management team, with Jason Turner becoming football operations director.
Nursing and midwifery vacancy rate at 4.5%. The number of such posts lying unfilled for three months or more was up 51.3% year on year to 670.6.
Gibraltaris his country's joint all-time goalscorer
A bill is being considered to bolster animal protection by barring any use of wild animals in travelling shows.
Mae cais cynllunio amlinellol wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal i'r gogledd a'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth.
Bolton Wanderers sign Cardiff City loanee James Shea. Bolton Wanderer sign Cardiff striker James Shea on a free transfer.
George and Amal Clooney welcome their newborn babies, social media has been full of joy.
Former Manchester United, Newcastle and Blackburn striker Ashley Cole says he wants to play in the Champions League. Ashley Cole is looking forward to playing if a Champions League match against Barcelona is staged in 2018. "I am not sure any of the English teams will win it."
Michelle Carter is charged with involuntary manslaughter for her role in the suicide of Conrad Roy III.Prosecutors allege Ms Carter drove the Massachusetts 18-year-old to his death to attract sympathy.She has asked a judge to rule on the case, rather than a jury of her peers.
Two men have already been arrested and questioned on suspicion of theft and fraud offences.A man in his 30s is still being detained in Wexford.Another man arrested in Limerick on Monday has been released without charge.Brexit Secretary David Davis said on Tuesday the news that one of the London attackers - Rachid Redouane - moved there from Dublin should not alter existing travel arrangements between the UK and the Republic of Ireland.
No player has ever hit more than four in a game.
FTSE 100 down 0.62% as uncertainty over the outcome of the UK election so far has little impact on investors.
Derby County sign Hull City striker Mark Davies. Derby County have signed Hull City winger Mark Davies on a two-year contract.
South Africa: Worst winter storm for 30 years hits Cape Town. The worst winter storm in 30 years has hit Cape Town, the capital of South Africa's Western Cape province, killing at least seven people and leaving thousands homeless.The storm comes two weeks after the region declared a drought disaster.
Paralympic 100m and 200m world champions in London.
Paris air pollution is causing 48,000 French deaths per year
The baby pine marten was filmed by trust volunteer Huw Denman as it climbed a tree at its den site.
Rachid Boudjedra was forced by fake police officers to repeat the Islamic proclamation "God is Greatest" and utter the two Islamic testimonies of faith.The programme, called We Got You was later suspended amid a wave of criticism from civil society.
Dan Coats also told a Senate panel he did not think it was "appropriate" to discuss his conversations with the president at a public hearing.
US financial stocks led the way, as the momentum in Washington for an overhaul of bank regulations held up in advance of a preliminary vote on Thursday.
"It lets you be reckless and try different ideas. That permeates the business." "We have a vast amount of data that we can use to understand the product and the customer."
The jack up unit Ensco 80 is expected to arrive at the field's Charlie platform in the Moray Firth over the weekend.The rig is to be used in the plugging and abandoning of wells and a clean-up of Beatrice's platform complex.The field, about 13 miles (22km) off the Caithness coast, forms part of the site of a massive planned offshore wind farm project.
A team of researchers from the University of Oxford have developed a new type of antibiotic-resistant bacteria that can be used to treat pig infections.The aim is to reduce the risk of antibiotic resistant bacteria emerging on farms that could also infect humans.If trials in pigs work, the new therapy could be extended to treat people.The research has been funded by the Agriculture & Horticulture Development Board which is responding to concerns about the possibility of so called superbugs developing in farm animals and entering the food chain.A review published last year by Lord Jim O'Neil called for reductions in the unnecessary use of antibiotics in agriculture, especially
The singer, whose condition is described as "drop foot", sent "sincere apologies and thanks to fans".The post said he has had a "fantastic week at his first shows in 10 years, cannot thank people enough for their warm reaction and is excited to return".Collins, who also played with prog-rock band Genesis, is one of the most successful songwriters and performers of all time.His number one singles include A Groovy Kind of Love and Against All Odds.Collins has won seven Grammy Awards, six Brit Awards, an Oscar and two Golden Globes.
Chris Magoffin has been ruled out of Sussex's County Championship Division Two match against Nottinghamshire with a knee injury.
Newcastle United's managing director Lee Charnley was among several men arrested and later released without charge
Josh Taylor is the man. He is going to be holding the flag and going on to bigger and better things. Shane McGuigan of Cyclone Promotions Josh Taylor has signed a deal to fight for the Commonwealth super-lightweight title at Glasgow's Braehead Arena on 8 July.
Huddersfield goalkeeper Danny Ward says he would prefer regular games with Huddertonsfield to the likelihood of sitting on Liverpool's bench.
Labour has won the Cardiff North seat in the general election, with more than double the number of votes of the Conservatives.The party's Anna McMorrin polled 26,081 votes with the Tories' Craig Williams on 21,907.But Tory Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns narrowly held on to his Vale of Glamorgan seat, with party colleague David Davies retaining Monmouth.
Ruth Davidson, the Tory leader in Scotland, certainly has. "Indyref2 is dead," she says.
The Conservatives have always performed worse in Wales than in England at every election going back to 1859, and this election looks to be no different.
Scottish Labour's Ian Murray has won the Edinburgh South seat in the UK general election, after a second recount. Scottish Labour leader Ian Murray says his party's result was a verdict on SNP calls for another vote on independence. The Scottish Labour Party is back in the Scottish Parliament, after Ian Murray won the seat in Edinburgh South in the general election.The SNP's Stephen Gethins won 13,743 votes compared with Janet Riches of the Scottish Liberal Democrats.The seat was won by Michelle Thomson in 2015, who later resigned the SNP whip after allegations relating to property transactions.It is the joint-third narrowest
A motorcyclist who died after a crash outside the Isle of Man TT has been identified as John Baker.The 69-year-old's Yamaha collided with a Nissan car between Handley's Corner and Barre Garroo crossroads at about 17:00 BST on 4 June.The car driver, who police say was Northern Irish, was treated in hospital but has been discharged.The collision happened outside of the TT racing, which is taking place on the island
Lions face in-form Super Rugby side Crusaders on Saturday. Wales wing Liam North says he was carrying a "bump" when he arrived in New Zealand but admits it was not easy watching from the sidelines.
Lincolnshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS foundation trust in Lincolnshire, England.In March 2015 the trust was found not to be keeping patients at high risk of suicide safe.A re-inspection in April this year found it had made "positive progress" in some areas.
Dorian Dervite signs new contract with Bolton Wanderers. Dorian dervite has signed a new one-year deal with Bolton following their promotion to the Championship.
President Donald Trump has dismissed former FBI Director James Comey's testimony about his firing as "fake news" and "lies", saying he is a "leaker".Mr Comey told Congress under oath he believed he was fired to influence his investigation into the Trump campaign.He said he began writing memos after his meetings with Mr Trump because he was "honestly worried he might lie".He leaked details of his memos after an account of it had already been published in the press.
It seems odd to me she didn't spend more of the election campaign talking about helping those who are "just managing" as she called them in her first (well-received) Downing Street speechHer defiance extended to an insistence she would stick to the existing timetable for Brexit talks and her ambition produced the phrase "over the next five years".Perhaps she was just trying to steady the ship amid calls for her to resign.The Conservatives are notoriously ruthless with leaders who fail and I wouldn't put my mortgage on her still being in place for the conclusion of Brexit talksConservative MPs I have spoken to think she has done the right thing for now
BBC Radio 4's File on 4 programme discovered 22 profiles belonging to men convicted of child sex offences, which included grooming a child on Facebook and attempting to meet her for sex.
Ignacio Echeverría, 39, was killed in the attack on London Bridge on Saturday night.He was one of eight victims of the assault on the London Bridge area.On Saturday night, he was passing through Borough Market after an evening skateboarding with friends nearby.His friends managed to get away.His body is due to arrive in Madrid on Saturday, said Spanish news agency EFE.The same Spanish state aircraft will also carry some of Echevarría's relatives.The British ambassador to Spain, Simon Manley, and Spain's Deputy Foreign Minister, Cristóbal González-Aller, will
David Hutchinson suffers fractured femur at the Isle of Man TT. David Hutchinson has been flown to hospital by helicopter after suffering a broken femur in a crash during the British TT at Brands Hatch.
Schalke's Marco Tedesco signs two-year deal at Bundesliga side. Schalake's MarcoTedesco has signed a two year deal at Schalce, who finished 10th in the German top-flight.
The northbound lanes of the A90 were closed while an air ambulance attended.
Scotland Women's national team players refuse to speak to the media. Anna Signeul's Scotland women's team refuse to talk to the press ahead of Euro 2017.
Archaeologists have uncovered an ornate Roman coin, medieval silver pennies, a copper figurine, a thimble, window glass and a key at Auckland Castle in County Durham.
Police were called to Argyle Street near the Argyll Arcade at about 01:00
There is an armed police presence at the Donington Park rock music festival in Leicestershire in the wake of the London and Manchester terror attacks.
This is the first time that an English side of any age has been able to call themselves football world champions since England won the World Cup in 1966The Under-20 World Cup is the biggest global tournament in youth football and has been an important launch-pad for a lot of big names in footballLionel Messi, Luis Figo, and Paul Pogba were all been part of winning sides in the tournament in the pastSo could this team hold the next generation of English football stars?
Abercrombie & Fitch has been slammed for a tweet promoting a limited edition tie-up with The Trevor Project, a free suicide prevention hotline.
Theresa May is expected to hear strong criticisms of what one backbencher dubbed "her miserable manifesto".Of course, some individual policies, such as social care - "It went down like a lead balloon" - will be singled out, but the presentation of policy will also be attacked.MPs will say that an effective fourfold lifting of the floor on residential care costs wasn't widely understood.And a campaign which barely mentioned the economy will come under fire."We didn't dodge a bullet but were winged," said one. "If Labour had a more credible leader we could have been in even bigger difficulties."There has
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
Sao Paulo's mayor says he does not want to see an "open-air shopping mall for drugs". The city's mayor, Joao Doria, said he wanted to move the addicts on and provide them with medical services.
China Eastern Airlines flight MU736 was heading from Sydney, Australia to Shanghai, but the pilot reported problems with the engine about one hour after taking off.The Airbus A330 landed safely and there were no reports of injuries.Images circulating on social media showed a large hole in the engine casing.
Check out Newsround's guide to Wimbledon, which starts in just a few weeks.
Labour's social media adverts have consistently been shared more widely by young people than those of the Conservatives, according to data from YouGov, a social media analytics firm.In 2015, voter turnout among 18- to 24-year-olds was estimated to be 43%, compared with a 66.1% turnout overall.
The 18-year-old, from the Exeter area, was climbing on the 15ft (4.5m) statue - a well known landmark which depicts General Redvers Buller on horseback, mounted on a large granite plinth - when he fell
The Xbox One X, as it will now be known, looks set to deliver on that first promise of 4K visuals. But on the second? Virtual reality didn’t get a single mention at the company’s bonanza press event on Sunday.
The singer overcame a series of early hitches that looked like they might derail the set before it had got going.
Household spending dipped for the first time in four years in May, according to Visa.
Liam Livingstone named in England squad for day-night Test series against West Indies. Lancashire all-rounder Livingstone is one of five uncapped players named in the England squad to face West Indies in the first day night Test of the series.Liam Livingstone, who scored 129 from 83 balls for England Lions against South Africa A last week, has been called up to the England Test squad for the first time.
Josephine West, 27, is a London-based singer-songwriter who has been living in Michigan for the past two years, but she's never felt more connected to the people around her than when she was on the London Underground.The song, High on Humans, was written by Josephine and Anthony West, who are based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and have been together for two years.The duo were moved to write about "what it means to be a human in this day and age" after a head-spinning two years in which their music became an online phenomenon, resulting in a record deal
The District of Columbia and Maryland have filed a lawsuit against US President Donald Trump, accusing him of violating the US constitution by accepting money from foreign governments.The suit claims Mr Trump is "flagrantly violating the constitution", Washington DC's attorney general said.It is the first such lawsuit filed by government entities. The lawsuit cites the US Constitution's emoluments clause, which says no federal official should receive a gift or a fee from a foreign government.
Bydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yn cael ei chynnal ym Modedern ar Ynys Môn rhwng 4-12 Awst.Cafodd ei llunio gan y gof arian, John Price, a aeth ati i gyfuno delweddau o atyniadau'r ynys, ynghyd â chennin pedr, sy'n cynrychioli Merched y Wawr.Dywedodd John Price: "Mae cy
Police reported 1,362 criminal incidents across Canada motivated by hate in 2015, a 5% increase from the previous year.
Theresa May has survived the first bout of what will be a fight to stay in control.Theresa May had come prepared to own up to her mistakes, apologising to the gathered throng just as a few hours earlier she had apologised to the cabinet.It had been her decision to call the election, and her leadership of the campaign that faltered and in what was described as.
Y Farwnes Anelay sydd wedi cymryd ei le fel Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael y UE wrth i'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May roi trefn ar ei chabinet newydd.
Wales Office Minister Guto Bebb said the process of listening to devolved governments had begun. Wales Office minister Guto Cairns says it would be "completely wrong" to remain in the EU's single market.
Ci Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland women's 1500m team for the European Championships.Mageean ran the second fastest 1500m of her career in Rome as she clocked a world championship qualifying standard of 4:04.49.
Alexei Navalny was detained at his home in Moscow earlier on Monday, ahead of anti-corruption demonstrations in Russia.The 41-year-old opposition leader later confirmed this in a tweet on his Twitter page (in Russian).Mr Navalny called on Russians to take to the streets on Monday - Russia Day - to express their anger at alleged corruption at the highest levels.The protests coincided with a series of official events - including festivals, concerts and military enactments - taking place across the country to mark Russia Day, the national holiday dedicated to the 1990 declaration of sovereignty.Police in central Moscow were picking protesters out of the
Heineken must submit plans to the CMA by 20 June or face an in-depth inquiry.
Taylor Swift and Liam Gallagher have been embroiled in a long-running feud.The two music stars have been arguing ever since falling out over some backing singers three years ago.Their feud remains unresolved, with Taylor finally putting her music on Spotify on Friday - the very same day that Katy released her new album.But this week, Katy said: "There are bigger fish to fry, and there are real problems in the world. You know what I'm saying? I love her, and I want the best for her."The pair are hardly the first musicians to publicly lock horns, and in an age of Twitter there are more platforms
Scotland's annual greenhouse gas emissions are 1.8% higher than 1990 levels, according to new figures released by the Department for Environment, Climate Change and the Environment.The latest statistics will be a disappointment to ministers who have positioned Scotland as a world leader in tackling climate change.They show emissions in 2015 were 41% below the levels for 1990, a benchmark against which targets are set.Last year saw a record reduction of 45.8%, which not only met the annual target but exceeded a medium-term aim to reduce emissions by 42% by 2020.The statistics appear to support claims from environmental groups that the 2020 target
The study found larger species that nest early generally do better, while smaller bees and birds that nest later in the year lose out in the struggle for habitat.
Ben Llewellin competes in Olympic skeet - one of the shotgun categories. From each of eight bases around a semi-circle, he must hit either one or two clay targets fired out at 60mph.The time between the targets being released and Ben shooting them is often under a second.Out on his practice range on the family farm near Haverfordwest, he's often accompanied by his dad. There not only to release the bright orange clays - but to offer a fatherly word of support too."I had a very disappointing year in 2014 - having missed out on the Commonwealth Games by one target
Halfpenny and Warburton have not set the tour alight so far.Media playback is not supported on this device The Lions have no margin for errors against the All Blacks
Hockey World League semi-final: Scotland play India, the Netherlands, Pakistan and Canada in Pool B. Alan Forsyth (Surbiton), Chris Grassick (Qui Vive) and David Forsyth are among those in Derek Forsyth's 18-man squad for the first time in World League 2. The Blue Sticks have defied their modest world ranking to reach the Lee Valley event.
Ivory Coast international Souleymane Tiote dies after collapsing during training for Chinese second-tier side Beijing Enterprises. Former Newcastle United striker Souleymene Cisse has paid tribute to his former team-mate and Ivory Coast teammate Souley mannece Tiote at a memorial service in Shandong Lueng.
Mark Cooper signs defenders Lee Collins and Callum Evans and midfielder Reece Brown.
Cafodd y gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn oriau mân fore Mercher, ac mae dros 200 o ddiffoddwyr a 40 injan dân wedi bod yn ceisio diffodd y fflamau sydd wedi lledu i 24 llawr tŵr Grenfell yn yr ardal.Mae Heddlu Llundain wedi cadarnhau bellach fod 12 o bobl wedi marw, ond maen nhw'n rhybuddio bod disgwyl i
Rory McIlroy: 'I don't feel like I need a run of events to get back into it'. Northern Irishman Rory says there will be no limitations on his swing when he opens up at the Players Championship.
Hammond injured his knee and leg and in a blog entry says he had "two sleepless nights and several hours' surgery".The ex-Top Gear host posted photos of himself on crutches and his stitches.Another image shows his X-rays and the metal pins he has had inserted in his knee.The presenter had sustained a fracture to the knee, a spokesperson for The Grand Tour said.The incident on 10 June, which took place as Hammond completed a hill climb in the Hemberg area, was described as a "serious crash".He had been driving a "Rimac Concept One", an electric super car built
Isle of Wight ferry service to Cowes free until 2 July. Isle Of Wight council has called for compensation to be paid to local businesses affected by the closure of the Valu-4-U chain ferry service. The ferry service will be free until the end of July to allow feedback on the problems surrounding the new vessel, the council has said.The ferry has broken down, run aground and been suspended by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency due to "training issues".Cars have also been damaged getting on and off.Shopkeeper Angie Booth said: "Whether I come out of this and survive
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of human remains in a field in County Wexford, south of Dublin, police say.They are investigating whether the death is linked to a personal dispute.More than 200 gardaÃ­ (police), Irish soldiers and civil defence personnel are continuing to search the area.
A man has died after a car crashed into a car park on the A40 at the junction of the A30 and the A35.The road is expected to remain closed for a number of hours.
Morecambe news: Jamie Edwards named player of the year at awards night. Jamie Edwards is the third signing for the League One newcomers after the arrivals of Ruben Lameiras and Lionel Ainsworth.
A man has died from his injuries after a car crash in Holyhead, north Wales.
The Australian government is unlikely to regret its policy of sending asylum seekers offshore.
The total number of fans attending Scottish Professional Football League games was up to 4,267,467 from 3,804,342 in 2015-16
Sarah Toulson of the United States has won the synchronised diving event at the European Championships.The 17-year-old scored 330.70 in Kiev to finish ahead of Russian duo Anna Chuinyshena (326.90) and Iuliia Timoshinina (313.30).
Heather Rabbatts, 61, became the FA's first female non-executive director and board member when she was appointed in 2012In a letter to FA chairman Greg Clarke she said she remains "frustrated at the lack of progress for BAME coaches"."We are in danger of losing, yet again, another generation of ex-players and other BAME individuals," she added."I truly hope that you will be able to make real the wish felt by so many that, as the FA brand states, This Game is For All."Last month the FA agreed a set of reforms which included increasing the number of women
BBC strongly refutes any suggestion that the award-winning iguana v snakes sequence was 'faked'
Neel Croos, 26, died from a head injury following a fight in Holborn Way, Mitcham on 23 November 2015.
Eastern Bay Link Road to open on Thursday morning. A new road linking the east of Cardiff and the bay will be opened on Thursday.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be auctioned.The blue cloth-covered 1935 edition bears the Nazi dictator's signature on the front fly leafIt was presented to former BBC and Oxford Mail journalist Peter Cadogan during a visit to Munich in the late 1930sIt will be sold at Silverwoods auction house in Clitheroe, Lancashire, and is expected to raise more than Â£1,000Auctioneer James Thompson said some people "wouldn't touch anything Nazi with a bargepole", but others believe the book should be preserved, despite Hitler's appalling reign.
Georgina Callander, 18, was among 22 people who died in the suicide bombing at Manchester Arena on 22 May
The DUP has indicated its potential role at Westminster does not change its desire to restore power-sharing, and that it remains ready to form an executive without preconditions.
Maori All Blacks: J Lowe; N Milner-Skudder, M Proctor, C Ngatai, R Ioane; D McKenzie, T Kerr-Barlow; K Hames, A Dixon (capt), B May, J Wheeler, T Franklin, A Ioane.
Falkirk's Sean Leahy joins Walsall on a free transfer. Falkirk left-back Declan Leahy signs for Walford on a one-year contract after his contract expired and is the League One club's first summer signing.
I'd been selected as one of 24 mid-career professionals from around the world to take up a Rotary International peace fellowship.It involved three months studying peace and conflict at Chulalongkorn University, in Thailand.My classmates would be peacekeepers who had seen war and conflict up close. They were professors and activists from places such as Bosnia-Herzegovina, Ireland, Zimbabwe and Nepal.The hope was we'd graduate brimming with solutions to help a world that, let's face it, needs people minded to try to find peace where they can.But I'd only been in Bangkok
Dennis Rodman's gifts to the leader of North Korea. When former US pro-basketball star and all-round character Dennis Rodman met with North Korea's sports minister this week he took along gifts for the country's authoritarian leader, Kim Jong-un.
The planning inspector said there was little evidence the "proposal would result in any significant increase in obesity".
Retail sales fell by 1.2% in April compared with the same month last year.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "very angry" that so many lives were lost in the Grenfell Tower fire.
Manchester Arena bombing: Salman Ramadan Abedi's inquest adjourned until 1 December. A full inquest into the Manchester Arena bomb attack has been adjourned to 1 December, pending the police investigation.
RIBA North is housed in the Broadway Malyan-designed Mann Island on the waterfront
Kerri McAuley was found dead at Southalls Way, Norwich, on 8 January. A man has been found guilty of murdering a mother-of-two after a row about an ex-girlfriend. He will be sentenced on Friday.
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio was just 39 when he died in 1610.Four years earlier he had murdered a man after a quarrel over a game of tennis and spent the rest of his life as a fugitive.It was rediscovered in 1990 in a Jesuits' residence in the Irish capital.The painting was on display at Biel House in East Lothian for 120 years.Mr Weston-Lewis said it was "frustrating" to think that it was offered to the Scottish National Gallery for free in 1921 and turned down.He said: "There was a degree of ignorance. It was only
Otto Warmbier, an economics student from the University of Virginia, was arrested in January 2016 while visiting North Korea as a tourist. He was given a 15-year prison sentence for attempting to steal a propaganda sign from a hotel.The US has in the past accused North Korea of detaining Americans as political pawns in negotiations over its nuclear weapons programme.Pyongyang has accused Washington and South Korea of sending spies to overthrow its regime.Three Americans remain in custody in North Korea.The detentions have come at a time of heightened tension between North Korea and the US and its regional neighbours.
Hearts sign Polish defender Lukas Grzelak from Korona Kielce. Hearts sign Poland international Lukas Grzelak has signed for the Scottish Premiership club from Polish side Korona in his homeland.
Two police officers are being treated for minor injuries at Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor
Food Standards Scotland said the report found that in-store promotions were heavily weighted in favour of food with high levels of salt or sugar.
North Korea has said Otto Warmbier's coma was caused by botulism and a sleeping pill he took after his trial.He has not spoken since his return to his family hometown in Ohio.His neurological condition can be best described as a state of unresponsive wakefulness.He shows no understanding of language and has "extensive loss of brain tissue" which was likely caused by cardiopulmonary arrest, he said.According to scans taken after he arrived at the Cincinnati Medical Center earlier this week, there is no sign that he was physically abused.
North Korean hackers are thought to have been behind the ransomware attack on the NHS in May, which caused huge disruption in the UK and the US.The ransomware, called WannaCry, locked computers and demanded payment for them to be unlocked. The NHS was particularly badly hit. The UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) led the international investigation.
The prime minister faced cries of "coward" and "shame on you" as she visited the scene of the Grenfell Tower fire in north Kensington, west London, on Friday. The Prime Minister Theresa May has pledged to give the victims of the London tower block fire £5m of support, housing guarantees and help with access to bank accounts and cash, as she met with victims and their families at the scene in west London. She also chaired the government's Civil Contingencies Committee, which deals with major crises such as terrorism or natural disasters, in Whitehall.But local people have contrasted the style
Bernard Kenny, 78, was stabbed as he intervened when Thomas Mair attacked Mrs Cox in his home village of Birstall, West Yorkshire, a year ago.He has been awarded the Queen's Gallantry Medal for his actions in the aftermath of the murder of Jo Cox, the Labour MP for the Yorkshire constituency of Batley and Spen.PCs Craig Nicholls and Jonathan Wright - who arrested Mair - have also received Queen’s Gallantry Medals.The late politician's senior caseworker, Sandra Major, who witnessed the killing, receives an MBE for parliamentary services and service to the community
The EFL have apologised for "a number of third party technical issues that affected coverage of Friday's Carabao Cup round one draw in Bangkok".
The total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is up 12% on the previous year's figures.
London fire: Latest updates on the Grenfell Tower fire
Evans stated before the fight that he wants a shot at WBO lightweight champion Terry Flanagan and victory over Ormond will improve his WBO ranking of ninth.
Virat Kohli is at the peak of his powers, surely the outstanding cricketer in the world today. He is a consummate surgeon at the crease, intensely focussed, working hard, playing the ball into gaps in the field and staying calm under pressure.
The Essex Senior League match between Sawbridgeworth Town and Clapton FC on 25 March was abandoned.
St Johnstone boss Ian Wright says he is happy with his job at Pittodrie. Ian Wright has said he is "happy" with his position as manager of Scottish Premier League side St JOHNSTONE and is not worried about being offered a bigger job elsewhere.Ian Wright is happy to remain at the club despite being linked with a number of top-flight jobs in recent months.I'm happy here. It is nice that you are linked with other jobs and so-called bigger clubs because that really means people realise the job you're doing here.
Yn ôl newyddiadurwr y BBC yno, roedd y safle'n brysur fore Gwener wrth i'r ymchwiliad gael ei gynnal.Mae'r gwaharddiad mewn grym ar gyfer yr holl fyddin, ble bynnag y maen nhw yn y byd.Oherwydd y gweinidog sydd â chyfrifoldeb, Tobias Ellwood, bod y ddau filwr fu farw
A 25-year-old man is expected to appear at Kirkcaldy Sheriff Court on Monday
US Open 2014: Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood top the leaderboard at Erin Hills. Paul Casey shoots a one-under 71 to move into the lead at the US Open, while Tom Lewis and Tom Lehman card 70s to move one off the lead. England's Paul Casey has moved into the first-round lead of the 2014 US Open after finishing his second round with a seven-under 65 to move to seven under and share the lead with England's Tom Lewis, England's Danny Willett and Sweden's Tommy Lee at the Erin Hills Golf Club in Erin Hills.After opening with a six-under 66,
"I am against the embargo. The Cuban tyranny uses the embargo as a pretext to justify that it has failed. Everything bad that happens in Cuba, they blame the embargo." Jose Nadal"I am 100% Republican. I agree 150% with everything Trump says and does. They should impose more sanctions against Cuba. When Obama made the agreement and restored relations with the Cuban government, he gave them everything they asked for.
The fear is a "soft" post-Brexit border between Northern Ireland and Ireland could result in more stringent controls at Welsh ports.
England Women's Rugby World Cup: England beat New Zealand 14-7 to win a ninth game in a row.
Andre Andre Ward will defend his WBO and IBF light-heavyweight titles against Sergey Kovalev on Saturday.
Man in his 30s dies after being attacked in Wythenshawe.
Sylvia Jenkinson lost one of her closest friends in the explosion at Wood Treatment Ltd plant in Bosley, Cheshire, in 2015She said the whole community rallied to help the families of those left behindDorothy Bailey, William Barks, Derek Moore and Jason Shingler all died in the huge explosionMrs Bailey, 62, would not have believed the amount of love that flowed towards her after her death, Ms Jenkinson said."She would have been really, really happy to realise what people thought about her."She had been absolutely shocked when the envelope with news of the honour arrived, she added."I felt thrilled, nervous
Hammersmith and City Line suspended over Tower Tower fire fears. The London Fire Brigade has requested the lines be temporarily closed because of a "short-term risk of some debris falling on to the tracks".
Callum Bradbury, Ryan Conbeer and Phil Jones claimed tries for Wales.
US Open: Tommy Fleetwood and Brian Harman shoot nine-under-par rounds at Erin HillsTommy Fleetwood shoots a four-under 68 to keep pace with fellow overnight leader Brooks Koepka at the US OpenTommy Thomas is tied for second after becoming the first man to shoot a nine-over-par round in the tournament's 117-year historyBrian Harman carded a 67 to lead on 12 under.Paul Casey, who also started on seven under, fell away with a three-over 75.Justin Thomas, who is bidding to become the first left-hander to win the tournament,
Muckamore clinched Section A of the Lagan Valley Steels Twenty/20 Cup following a four wicket win over Lisburn.
Paul Smith loses WBO World Boxing Organisation (WBO) super-middleweight title to Germany's Maximilian Zeuge in a largely one-sided contest. Paul Smith is beaten for the first time in his 45 professional fights, losing his WBO world middleweight title in a fight that ended in a controversial draw with Germany's Maximillian Zeuge on Saturday. German Maximillian "Maximillian" Zeuge defeats Paul Smith by unanimous decision to win the WBO WBO middleweight world title.
A car mounted the pavement and smashed through the barrier on the island above the road in Quinton.
A body has been recovered by the Sennen lifeboat near Land's End.
The partnership running the current system in Rhyl, Prestatyn and Rhuddlan have agreed to pass it to Cheshire West and Chester council.
Hull FC play Wigan Warriors in the semi-finals of Super League. Hull FC face Hull FC in the first semi-final of the Super League season, while Wigan play Salford Red Devils.
Senga is trained by Pascal Bary and was ridden by Stephane Pasquier.
New Zealand beat Scotland, Italy and Ireland to win Pool B, defeating France 39-26 in the semi-finals
But what if your pooch doesn't understand what you're saying?
"We're going to be the victims," says one resident, Baha Shalaby. "Everything's going to stop - the money, the support, the infrastructure, the building work."In recent years, Qatar has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on new homes, a hospital and main roads in the Gaza Strip. It has pledged about $1bn (Â£780m) more.It is not yet clear how its projects will be affected by the ongoing row with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab countries.However, the engineer in charge of fixing Gaza's main north-south road warns of the possible wider implications
Wigan Athletic must pay £2,000 in costs for the RFL.
Yorkshire v Middlesex: Paul Stirling and Sam Robson share century partnership. Yorkshire's Chris Robson celebrates his century as he and Chris Stirling share a partnership of 187 for the first wicket against Middlesex at Lord's. Middlesex batsman Paul Stirlings hits a century as they take a two-wicket win over Yorkshire in the first Division One match of the season. Yorkshire batsman Chris Robinson celebrates his ton as he shares a century with Chris Stroud in the opening Division One game of the Championship. Yorkshire captain Chris Robeson celebrates his hundred as he celebrates with Paul Stroud after making a
David Nisbet, 28, from Edinburgh, pleaded guilty at the city's sheriff court to committing a breach of the peace and was fined Â£600.
1212 things we're 99% certain will happen over the next five days. The early birds will all be vying for the prime camping spots next to the main stages.
Rio Olympian Michael Comb is through to the quarter-finals of the World Championships in Kharkiv.
A 43-year-old man was subjected to a "brutal" attack at Century Mill in Farnworth, Bolton, on 9 June.
Barry Gardiner said he would ask the Audit Office to investigate.
Living Living With Lions, the fly-on-the-kitbag story of the 1997 British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa, is 20 years old. It is certainly the most quotable, and without question the most revelatory: inside a previously hidden world, showing sport as raw and brutal and beautiful and comic, aped many times but never quite matched. Two decades on, a special BBC Radio 5 Live programme has brought together the men who made it and those who became its unwitting stars.
Tiger Woods says he is receiving professional help to manage his medications and a sleep disorder. Tiger Woods has said he is seeking professional help after being arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol and drugs. The 14-time major winner was breathalysed in Florida in May.
All All the papers report on the prospect of a Linfield v Celtic match if Linfield make the Champions League qualifier at Windsor Park on 11 July.
A group of scientists have invented a gadget which turns pee into electricity.They hope it could be used in some poorer countries, as a way to create clean and renewable energy.
A Greek appeal court has upheld the sentence of four years and 10 months but suspended it for three years.
French justice minister Sylvie Goulard resigns. French Justice Minister Sylvie Gaillard has announced her resignation from the government, the second leading figure in President Emmanuel Macron's cabinet to leave ahead of a reshuffle. France's justice minister has announced his resignation as part of an inquiry into claims that her party wrongly used EU funds to pay party workers. French justice Minister Sylvia Goulillard has resigned from the cabinet, the French government has announced.
Katy was the first baby to be born on an air ambulance, which is an interesting conversation starter.
Imrich Joni, 20, stabbed and strangled Gordon Bolan, 68, at a flat in Kenmure Street in Pollokshields last summer. He was found guilty of murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice.He was sentenced at the High Court in Edinburgh on Tuesday to 13 years in prison and will be deported from the UK following his release from custody.The court heard that Joni killed Mr Bolam with a knife before throttling him with a piece of fabric. He then concealed his victim's remains in a bedroom wardrobe.In a bid to cover up his crime and destroy DNA evidence
The Kepler Telescope has made some amazing discoveries since it was launched in 2009, but here are the top five findings...In 2014 the telescope made a huge discovery by finding a planet nicknamed: 'Earth 2.0'. It is a good candidate for life and orbits a red dwarf star 40 light years away.The planet called, Kepler-452b has been dubbed as 'Earth2.0', because it shares many characteristics with our Earth, even though it is 1,400 light years Away from us.In 2011 Nasa discovered the first planet to orbit two suns!It is called Kepler-16b, and is
Mark Allen joins Rangers as director of football. Mark Allen has agreed to move to Glasgow to take up the role of managing director of Rangers' youth set-up.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has called on hospitals to allow more therapy-animals on to wards.The RCN is working on national advice to encourage more animal visitors.In a recent RCN survey of 750 nursing staff, 82% said animals could help patients be more physically active and 60% said they believed animals improved physical recovery.But many nurses said animals were not allowed where they worked.The main reasons behind this, according to Amanda Cheesley, are concerns that furry companions spread infections and other "myths around the dangers" of allowing animals on wards.
A number of injuries were also reported after 39 people were evacuated from Nuugaatsiaq.
Daniel Bebb-Jones, 23, was arrested by anti-terror police near an Army reserve centre on Sunday night in possession of knives and an axe
Belarusian Victoria Azarenka wins Mallorca Open in first match since giving birth to son Leo. Belarusian tennis star Victoria Azarnka wins her first match in almost two years after giving birth in December.
Wales' Tomos Williams and Adam Beard are also on the bench against Samoa. Ospreys prop Tomos Thornton has been called up by Wales to replace Cory Hill, who was called up to the British and Irish Lions.
FIFA has since warned the FMF about "insulting and discriminatory chants" and said it could take further action if it happens againMexico have already been fined eight times during World Cup qualifying because of homophobic chantingSome fans of Mexico shout an insult at keepers when they take a goal-kick which is argued to be homophobic
The pound is still around 16% lower against the dollar.The weakness has lured over a flock of international tourists hungry for high-end brands at relatively bargain prices.Payments firm WorldPay says non-UK consumers' card spending at department stores rose by a fifth in the first three months of the year.
Theresa May has delivered her Queen's Speech to the House of Commons, which was attended by the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh.The prime minister's speech was delivered at the Queen's House in Westminster, where she was joined by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.She said: "So this is a government with purpose. Determined to deliver the best Brexit deal, committed to keeping our country safe, enhancing our standing in the wider world and bringing our United Kingdom closer together."
Lancaster's Caton Road substation went offline at 11:00 BST, leaving parts of the city and nearby Morecambe and Carnforth without power
Romania's prime minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office after losing a censure motion by his own party and its allies in parliament.The move by his party was seen as a first, even for Romania's turbulent politics.
Since the initial fall-out there has been a legal challenge and a general election.While everyone waits to see exactly what will happen, Leave voter Paul Austin has told the BBC why he made his choice and whether, a year on, he would vote the same way again.
Wales voted to leave the EU in June 2016.
Charlie Dunn, from Tamworth, died in hospital after being found submerged in the Blue Lagoon area at Bosworth Water Park in Leicestershire
Baseball coach calls for no baseball season in Venezuela. A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for a boycott of the country's baseball season this year, citing the lack of food and medicine.
John Faull was part of the famous British and Irish Lions side who beat New Zealand in Auckland in 1959
Hampshire v Lancashire: England seamer James Anderson takes 4-20 as Red Rose skittle Hampshire for 168. England's all-time leading wicket-taker James Anderson (3-5) takes 3-5 on the third evening as the Red Rose beat Hampshire by 168 runs to go above Essex and Yorkshire in Division One of the Specsavers County Championship.
The men were arrested after their Hindu neighbours complained they had burst firecrackers during the cricket match between India and Pakistan in Madhya Pradesh. The men have been charged with "disturbing communal harmony" instead of sedition after they were accused of cheering for Pakistan during the Indian cricket team's victory over Pakistan in the World Cup.
A police officer is in a stable condition in Hairmyres Hospital.
Britain's 2008 men's 4x400m relay team move up from fourth to third after Alekseyev fails drugs test. Britain's men's relay team have moved up to third as a result of Russia's Denis Aleksseyev failing a drugs test at the Beijing Olympics.
There have been incidents reported at scenic spots where public conveniences are lacking or have been closed down.
North Tyneside, Hexham and Wansbeck urgent care centres closed for further three months. The Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust said it would be "inappropriate" to deploy staff back to the units overnight at the current time.
Le Leyton Orient owner Nigel Travis has taken over as the club's new owner.Travis, who describes himself as a "lifelong" O's fan, has been appointed as chairman of the club.A second investor, Kent Teague, is also named as a director, while a fan representative will also be appointed to the board.Leyton Orient had been beaten in the League One play-off final less than two months before Becchetti purchased the club in July 2015, but last season their 112-year stay in the English Football League came to an end with relegation from League Two
Government figures show 59,090 households were accepted as homeless by councils in England between April 2016 and March 2017.
Baku (AFP) - Lewis Hamilton has cooled speculation over his future after he was quoted in a magazine interview saying he "could" stop at the end of this year.The Mercedes driver was the fastest by far throughout practice but drove badly in qualifying before crashing and could only finish fifth.
Partick Thistle captain Ali Osman says the loss of manager Neil Archibald would be a hard act to follow.
David Miller, 56, was found at his flat in Patterdale Walk in Boothville, Northampton, on 14 June 2016.
Walsall sign Crewe defender Jon Taylor. Jon Taylor has turned down the offer of a new Crewe deal.
North Korea could host some skiing events at the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, the International Olympic Committee has said.
Julie Sayles, 59, of Sewerby Road, Bridlington is alleged to have persuaded Edith Negus to change her will to benefit her.She also bought two houses with money she allegedly took from a joint bank account she shared with Mrs Negus.
Otto Otto Warmbier was returned by North Korea to the US last week, more than a year after he had been sentenced to 15 years' hard labour.He was in a coma and died a few days later. His parents say that though he never spoke or opened his eyes, "the countenance of his face changed - he was at peace. He was home and we believe he could sense that".US doctors say he suffered a "severe neurological injury", the most likely cause of which was a cardiopulmonary arrest that had cut the blood supply to the brain.
Facebook and Google have been getting it in the neck for not doing more to remove far-right material online glorifying the attack. It is interesting that this political pressure has been re-applied in the light of an attack by a white man on Muslims. It suggests that the scope of material on the web that could meet with popular disapproval is vast. Some 350 million photos are posted on Facebook every day, and 400 hours of video uploaded on YouTube every minute.Moreover, internet content appears in multiple jurisdictions.If my mate in Jamaica is a fascist, and uploads a violent video from his veranda in Kingston Town
Linfield vs Celtic: First leg of Champions League second round qualifiers set aside. Linfield will host Celtic in Belfast on 28 June, with the return leg on 4 July. The traditional Tuesday and Wednesday slot used by Uefa will be set aside as the first leg coincides with the 'Twelfth' marches.
World Food Prize winner Dr.Dr Adesina will receive the US $250,000 prize at the Borlaug Dialogue international symposium, which is held in the US to "help further the discussion on cutting-edge global food security issues and inspire the next generation to end hunger".
President Donald Trump has denied that there are tapes of a private meeting with fired FBI Director James Comey.I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
EU leaders agreed to put legal pressure on internet giants like Google, Twitter and Facebook to remove jihadist content faster and more proactively.Mr Tusk said the bloc was calling on social media companies to do whatever was necessary to prevent the spread of terrorist material and was prepared to pass new legislation.The EU wants the industry to help tackle the problem of attackers slipping under the radar by using apps with end-to-end encryption.Counter-terrorism has also been a key issue at the summit which comes in the wake of an attack in Brussels on Tuesday.Several EU states have been attacked in recent weeks, including the UK, France and
Garcia Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 at the BMW International Open.
The UK proposal was unveiled by Prime Minister Theresa May at an EU summit in Brussels on Thursday.It would grant EU migrants who had lived in the UK for five years a new "UK settled status".That would allow them to stay in the country and access health, education and other benefits.The plan would affect 3.2 million EU citizens now living in Britain.Their rights - and the rights of UK citizens living in the rest of the EU - are among the thorny issues that have to be resolved early on in Brexit talks, along with the UK's divorce bill and the Northern Ireland border.
India expects Pakistan to desist from attempting to influence the proceedings at the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in the case through false propaganda
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said some punters did not get the deal they expected from sign-up promotions offering cash bonuses to attract them to gaming websites.The CMA also said the firms were "unfairly holding onto people's money".Online gambling companies should "play fair", said the CMA.Nisha Arora, CMA senior director for consumer enforcement said: "New customers are being enticed by tempting promotions only to find the dice are loaded against them."And players can find a whole host of hurdles in their way when they want to withdraw their money."Chris Sattin from
Lukas Klich is the first player to join Leeds United since Thomas Christiansen was appointed head coach last week.
Arsenal will play Chelsea on 6 August at Wembley Stadium, and £1.25m could be raised from the match.Chief executive Shaun Harvey said football was "coming together to make a significant commitment to the cause".Premier League clubs have agreed to contribute a total of £250,000."The thoughts of everyone at the league and our clubs are with the people affected by this terrible event," a statement read.
Brendan Dassey and his uncle Steven Avery were convicted of murdering a young woman, Teresa Halbach, in 2005.Dassey, then just 16 years old, confessed to helping his uncle Avery - who had already served 18 years for a crime he did not commit - rape, kill and mutilate Ms Halbach.He was sentenced to life in prison.In 2016, Judge William Duffin ordered he be free immediately after finding investigators in the 2007 trial made "repeated false promises" false promises
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of rape and attempted murder after she was attacked at a train station in Southampton.
Carlisle's Liam Roberts agrees new deal. Carlisle goalkeeper Liam Roberts has agreed a new one-year deal with Walsall.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Hintze Hall has been remodelled. Its emblematic diplodocus ("Dippy") dinosaur is being replaced by a blue whale skeleton that will hang from the ceiling (Plot spoiler: I've had a sneak peek already and it looks spectacular).The exhibition will impress upon visitors the huge diversity of whales, dolphins and porpoises. It will explain their relatively short evolutionary journey, from being land animals 50 million years ago to becoming the well-adapted ocean-dwellers we know today.And it will describe how they move, how they breathe, and how some
Robert Mueller's friendship with James Comey, who had been heading the inquiry until sacked from his role as FBI chief, was "bothersome".Asked on Fox News whether Mr Mueller should step down, Mr Trump said: "We're going to have to see."He also said that "the people that've been hired were all Hillary Clinton supporters".When Mr Mueller was appointed Mr Trump was said to be furious, but the special counsel won widespread initial praise from both Republicans and Democrats.However, lately some influential conservatives have intensified their attacks, openly calling for Mr Mueller's dismissal.Trump advocate Newt Gingrich urged the president to "rethink
A small number of pupils from two Belfast grammar schools are involved.
Oxford University awarded seven honorary degrees, including to Lib Dem peer Shirley Williams, at its annual Encaenia ceremony.One of the highlights the institution's calendar, the ceremony has changed little since 1760.It took place in the grand surroundings of the city's Sheldonian Theatre.The event was held in December 2016 and the college emailed students about the incident on Wednesday, which it called "deeply regrettable".Speaking to the Cherwell university newspaper the student said the costume was intended as satire.A project to highlight the role of Indian soldiers in World War One is being undertaken by Oxford University.It is collecting stories from
Petra Kvitova beats Lucie Safarova to reach Wimbledon semi-finals. Petra Kivitova wins her first Wimbledon quarter-final since she was stabbed by an intruder at her home in December.
Hen Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia are tied for the lead at the BMW International Open in Munich.Stenson carded a three-under 69 in his second round as he continued preparations for a defence of his Open title in July.The pair are a shot behind Swede Joakim Lagergren and France's Joel StalterEngland's Tommy Fleetwood, who finished fourth at the US Open on Sunday, is tied for 11th, three strokes adrift of the leaders in MunichBut compatriot Richard Bland moved level with Garcia and Stenson with a second-round 69.Fellow Englishman Matthew Southgate was one
David Vallenilla's 22-year-old son, also called David, was shot by military police on Thursday. He was pronounced dead at a hospital in the Venezuelan capital, Caracas, where his body was taken to a morgue.
Media playback is not supported on this device Henry Blowers is one of a handful of people - the others being Brian Johnston, John Arlott, Christopher Martin-Jenkins, Fred Trueman, Trevor Bailey and Peter Baxter - who made TMS what it is today
Residents of 650 flats in Camden who were evacuated at short notice from their homes over fire safety concerns, following the Grenfell Tower blaze, have come to the leisure centre in Camden to find out whether they can stay in their flats or be moved out of the area. Residents of the nearby tower blocks have been urged to evacuate the nearby Chalcots estate after a chaotic night of mixed messages in a bid to get their questions answered.
Kurt Walker and Brendan Irvine win bronze medals at the World Championships in Hamburg. Kurt Walker, Brendan Irvine and Kurt Walker have ensured a place at August's World Championships.
Guingamp striker Yacouba Camara has been released by Derby County after just two seasons at the club.The 27-year-old winger, who joined the English Championship side from French Ligue 1 team Angers in January 2016, had his Rams contract cancelled by mutual consent on Thursday.
President Donald Trump says former US President Barack Obama knew far in advance of election meddling by Russia and "did nothing" about it.He said he was concerned he might himself be seen as trying to manipulate the election.The alleged meddling is the subject of high-level investigations in the US.President Putin has repeatedly denied any Russian interference into the presidential election.Mr Trump said Mr Obama had learned well before the 8 November poll about the accusations and 'did nothing'.His comments followed an article in the Washington Post which said that Mr Obama learned last August of President Vladimir Putin's "direct involvement".The Washington Post article says Mr
The UK will maintain an EU deal, which provides 48 countries with duty-free access to Britain for imports.It means British firms do not pay import tariffs on goods bought from countries such as Bangladesh and Haiti.
Jack Nowell will lead the British and Irish Lions against the Hurricanes on Tuesday.
Eid Mubarak! Eid is such a wonderful festival for muslims and everyone else and today me and my family will be celebrating with our relatives and we will be eating lots of yummy asian food.
He wasn't late but he is now.
Cameroon's Sebastian Siani sent off after VAR error. Cameroon captain Sebastien Siani was initially dismissed in a case of mistaken identity before the error was corrected by the Video Assistant Referee.
The Scottish government said it was working "intensively" with councils to establish the safety of high-rise flats.
David Gainsborough-Roberts spent his life collecting a variety of memorabilia from famous people.
Dawid Malan targets South Africa's seamers in T20 series win. England captain Eoin Morgan celebrates his side's 181-8 victory over South Africa in the T20 World Cup semi-final at Taunton. South Africa captain AB de Villiers made 39 and Mangaliso Mosehle 36 off 22 balls but South Africa could manage only 162-7 in their chase. England's Dawid Malik hits 12 fours and two sixes in a 44-ball knock as the Proteas are beaten by England in the final T20 of the World Cup.
Shane O'Donoghue's close-range finish gives Ireland a 3-2 win over Germany. Ireland's Sean Murray taps in to seal victory over Germany in the quarter-finals of the World Cup.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has rejected a list of 13 demands imposed by four Arab states against Qatar over its alleged support for terrorism.The four countries also want Qatar to reduce its ties with Iran and close a Turkish military base, setting a deadline on Friday of 10 days.They accuse Qatar of backing terrorism - a charge it denies.Qatar has been under unprecedented diplomatic and economic sanctions for more than two weeks.
Euro 2016: Germany move above Chile with a 3-1 win over Cameroon.
Glamorgan's Chris Morris says it is important for the county to demonstrate they can fill houses and people have a great time when they are here.
Protesters allege Edir Frederico Da Costa, 25, was "brutally beaten" by Met Police officers earlier this month.
A 16-year-old boy has been remanded to appear at Manchester Youth Court on Monday.
Co-op Bank says recapitalisation plan has been "substantially agreed".
Shrewsbury Town sign Norwich City midfielder Ebou Adams on loan until January.
Ireland's eighth place in Vaasa meant they were 20th overall in Europe.
Dutch students have created the world's first bus that runs on formic acid, which is a much cheaper solution than hydrogen, yet it delivers the same environmental benefits.Formic acid is found in nature, delivered in the stings and bites of ants and other insects - the Latin word for ant is formica.But Team Fast has found a way the acid can efficiently carry the ingredients needed for hydrogen fuel cells, used to power electric vehicles.
Somerset v Hampshire: Jimmy Adams and Rilee Rossouw fall in quick succession. Hampshire's batting falls apart as Jack Leach and Tim Groenewald turn the tide for Somerset in their County Championship match against Hampshire. Somerset's batsmen collapse under the lights as they lose to Hampshire by six wickets in the second County Championship game of the season.
Pink-ball, day-night four-day and Test match cricket a thing of the future?
Meghan Ambrozevich-Blair, 26, died following a collision between her car and a pick-up truck on the A1 near Dunbar in East Lothian in December.The student, who was engaged, was at Edinburgh Napier University.She is survived by parents Kevin and Lauren, siblings Jared and Ethan and fiance Scot.In a statement, her family said: "We are extremely proud of our daughter's achievement."Meghan worked so hard at university, on placements and overseas, learning about and caring for animals."Her dyslexia and dyscalculia meant she had to
Lazar Markovic is a target for Watford and Zenit St Petersburg.
Reading news: Lech Rakels could make competitive debut for Lech in their Europa League qualifier against Macedonian club Pelister.
Sweden's Foreign Minister Margot Wallström says Swedish hostage Johan Gustafsson has been released from captivity in Mali. Sweden's foreign minister has announced the release of a Swedish hostage who was kidnapped by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) along with two other men.
A director of the Chartered Trading Standards Institute said that local authorities are forced to make a "wicked" choice between what services they provide because of austerity.
St Johnstone 1-1 FK Trakai. Fk Trakai take the lead with a stunning long-range strike from Vaidotas Silenas in the second leg of the Scottish Cup semi-final between St Johnston and FK Slaven Bilić. The visitors took the lead when a clever dummy from the impressive Oscar Dorley set up Maksim Maksimov to net.St Johnstone defender Joe Shaughnessy headed home Liam Craig's corner to level, but Trakai responded with a superb long range strike. The noise levels inside McDiarmid Park dipped once more
Germany 4-1 Mexico: Marco Fabian stunner sends Germany into Confederations Cup semi-final. Germany boss Joachim Low leaves most of his regular star players at home, including Manuel Neuer, Jerome Boateng, Mesut Ozil, Toni Kroos and Thomas Muller.Marco Fabian scored a brilliant 35-yard strike for Mexico, before Amin Younes added a fourth for Germany.Germany's Fabian's stunner came too late to threaten a comeback, although there was a chaotic ending with several chances at both ends.
Charlotte and Jonny are very sad to announce that they lost their baby.
The cladding at Hanover House was not made of the solid aluminium panels ordered.The issue was spotted during fire safety tests carried out in the wake of the Grenfell Tower blaze.
More needs to be done to protect key transport routes, report says.
Wing Fu Cheung, known as Nelson Cheung was stabbed 18 times during a robbery in January 2015. A man has been sentenced to 16 years in jail for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a restaurant in Northern Ireland.A man who stabbed a man to death in a Northern Ireland restaurant has been jailed for at least 16 years.Wing Fu was stabbed in the head, chest and neck during the attack on January 2015.He was also sentenced to 12 years in prison for wounding with intent, and 12 years for robbery, to be served concurrently.He received three years, suspended for two years, for
The guard on board was shouted and sworn at aggressively before being spat at by a passenger.
Sheffield City Council will seek High Court injunction to stop Alison Teal from taking part in future protests.
David Wagner signs new contract at Huddersfield Town. David Wagner has signed a new contract to take the Terriers to the Premier League in the new season.
Six people have been charged over the 1989 Hillsborough disaster, including the most senior police officer at the time, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has announced.Former match commander Chris Duckenfield, who was the match commander at the FA Cup semi-final, will appear at Warrington Magistrates' Court on 9 August.
Bore Boreham Wood have received a £1m grant from the Premier League.
Airbus and OneWeb have inaugurated the first assembly line in Toulouse, France.The first 10 satellites to come off the assembly line have a deadline to launch in April next year.Another batch will follow into orbit around November. And then the launch cadence will kick on apace.The establishment of the OneWeb constellation requires the greatest rocket campaign in the history of spaceflight.More than 20 Soyuz vehicles have been booked to throw clusters of 32-36 satellites into a web some 1,200km above the Earth.There should be just under 300 on station by the end of 2020, the start of 2021;
Professional Darts Corporation chief executive Gary Porter leaves O's.
Ryan Bird scored six goals in 19 appearances for Newport last season
Leicestershire v Northants: Wakely and Keogh move hosts from 60-3 to 214-3.
A force helicopter was used during the search with help from the coastguard
Australian jockey Amy Payne had appetite suppressant Phentermine in her system. Amy Payne, the first female jockey to win the Melbourne Cup with Prince Of Penzance, has been suspended from riding in races and trackwork.
China's president Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of the handover of the city to the People's Republic of China.The highly symbolic visit, Mr Xi's first since becoming leader in 2012, comes amid an increasingly tense political climate.The city was handed back from British to Chinese rule in 1997.Beijing agreed to govern it under "one country, two systems", granting the city its own legal system, limited democracy with multiple political parties, and rights like freedom of assembly and free speech.But China's growing influence has been met with unease and concerns that the mainland could undermine Hong Kong
Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar in 2002, becoming the first black woman to take home the prize.She was nominated for the award in 2002 for her role in the film The Hours, but lost out to Nicole Kidman, who was nominated in 2004 for the role of a woman of colour.The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) has announced it is inviting 774 new members from 57 countries in an effort to boost diversity.Actors Naomie Harris, Riz Ahmed and Warwick Davis are among those invited to join, with the Oscars organisers saying 39% of the new class are
Oscar Pérez: What we know about the man who became the country's most talked-about man. Oscar is a member of the forensic police force, known as the CICPC, who is accused of stealing a military helicopter and dropping grenades on the Venezuelan Supreme Court to mount a coup. He has been on the run since he appeared in an online video on 5 July vowing to keep up his attacks on the government.
The US-led coalition said it had targeted "IS command-and-control elements" in the area, but said the raid had been "meticulously planned" to avoid harming civilians.
The incident happened on the 20:14 service between Keith and Elgin, on Friday 16 June
The square of megaliths appears to have been erected around the remains of a Neolithic house, which sat at the centre of the colossal stone circle - the largest in Europe.
Grenfell Tower fire: Theresa May says 100% of samples submitted so far failed. The Prime Minister says all of the samples submitted to the fire safety tests so far since the Grenfell fire have failed. She urged local authorities and housing associations to get on with fire safety checks.
Ebbsfleet United have signed former Southend United midfielder Mark Weston on a one-year contract.
Oxford City Council has run out of burial space in the city. The council has said it is running out of cemeteries in Oxford and is "still exploring options".
Man found guilty of murder. Man Manuel Wagner, 29, is sentenced to a minimum jail term of 16 years following a trial at Liverpool Crown Court.
The Princess of Wales died on 31 August 1997 in a car crash in Paris, when the Duke of Cambridge was 15.
Northern Ireland's Ulster-Scots language, music, dance and history was first spoken in Ireland more than 400 years ago.
Thousands of wooden pallets are now piled up where previously there were parked carsThe bonfire makers are involved in a dispute with the city council over the storing of palletsThey say the council collected pallets from the area earlier this year, agreed to store them and return them this month but failed to do soBonfire builder Macauley McKinney, 21, said: "We had an agreement with the council that they were going to store the pallets in a safe place, and now because the agreement was broken, they've let us down"Belfast City Council is not commenting
Northampton's Robbie North and Leinster's Robbie Henshaw both suffer hamstring injuries. Northampton flanker Robbie North has a hamstring injury while Leintuguese wing George North has damaged a pectoral muscle during the Lions tour of New Zealand.
A man has pleaded guilty to failing to provide safe care and treatment at Melbury Lodge, Royal Hampshire County Hospital, in December 2015.
Chris Froome is due to begin the defence of his Tour de France title on Saturday.
A man has suffered multiple serious injuries after a crash on the A40 near Crewe in Staffordshire.The man was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.The southbound stretch was closed after the crash and reopened at about 10:00.
A mother in Monmouth, Wales, was shocked when she was told she had a child with Down's syndrome.But that initial lack of support led to her and two other mothers to take matters into their own hands. Victoria and Katharina Barker were shocked when they were told their son had Down's Syndrome.They decided to host a coffee morning to make friends and share experiences.The success of it led to them becoming finalists in the national St David Awards citizenship category.
Transforming British Tennis Together initiative aims to make the sport more accessible.
Wimbledon: Andy Murray to miss exhibition match. Andy Murray will miss an exhibition match at the Hurlingham Club in London due to a hip injury.
Sony to resume domestic vinyl production. Sony will resume in-house vinyl production at a Japanese factory south-west of Tokyo by March 2018.
Hibs sign Israeli goalkeeper Yossi Marciano. Hibs have signed Israeli goalkeeper Yoel Marciano from Ashdod for an undisclosed fee.
Fraudsters posing as TalkTalk workers have switched their caller ID to that of The Flower Shop in Caversham, Reading
Nats Prestwick expects to handle more than 250,000 flights during the peak holiday season this year.
Police now believe that the 26-year-old man from Rochdale took a crystallised and unrefined version of the drug Spice.
Brian Cookson wants to be re-elected later this year for a second term as president of cycling's world governing body, and sees a fresh mandate as his future.After a 17-year period on British Cycling many believe it's under his tenure that the rot set in within the organisation, a fact addressed and criticised in the recent Phelps review.The Phelps report into the culture of Britain's cycling team criticised former technical director Shane Sutton and UK Sport, and noted a "culture of fear" existed within the team, according to many staff members.Australian Sutton stayed on before resigning last year amid claims of sexism and was later found
A man has been jailed for eight weeks in prison for possessing a fake firearm.
"I would also like to pay tribute to my predecessor who served the constituency to the best of his ability."
Kilmarnock sign Alloa defender Jordan Waters on a two-year contract. Alloa midfielder Jordan Waters has signed a two year contract with Kilmarchock after joining the club from Celtic's development squad.
West Midlands Police are investigating the collapse of a concrete wall at a scrap metal plant in Birmingham.The men, from Gambia and Senegal, were crushed while working at Shredmet Ltd in Birmingham on 7 July 2016.Police and the Health Safety Executive (HSE) are still investigating and inquests have yet to be held.The families said they were frustrated at the length of time the investigation was taking.Ousmane Kaba Diabi, 39, who was from Senegal, Alimamo Kinteh Jammeh, 45, Bangally Tunkara Dukureh, 55, Saibo Sumb
Ynys Môn a'r gwasanaethau brys wedi trafod a chytuno ar gynllun rheoli trafnidiaeth ar gyfer y brifwyl gyda'r bwriad o osgoi tagfeydd a hwyluso'r trigolion."Rydym yn ymwybodol y bydd yna effaith ar rai cartrefi a busnesau ac rydym wedi ymweld â phob cartref y busnes i egluro'r
I went on loan and then came back.
Venus Williams was travelling at 5mph when Mrs Barson crashed into her
The attack on Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province was the most deadly in Syria in more than three years. It prompted a retaliatory US missile strike against a Syrian air base.
Frasers Hospitality is one of the world's biggest providers of high-end serviced apartments. But now, Mr Choe says he still draws on his experience as a young man, who - having been given a scholarship by the Shangri-La hotel group to study at Cornell University in the US - came back to Asia to learn about the hospitality industry. "I have two daughters who to my chagrin use Airbnb," he says. "We took a family trip to Florence and I stayed in this wonderful boutique hotel, but paid a bundle for it."When my daughter joined us, she said, 'I'm
Gloucestershire councillors fell asleep at a meeting of the Commons Select Committee on children's services. Gloucesterhire councillors were spotted nodding off during a debate on the children's service.
Essex beat Middlesex by an innings and 34 runs. Essex spinner Stuart Harmer says he will be back in South Africa at the Wanderers after taking four five-fers in two games this season.
Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike, who is better known as Evans, says he was unlawfully detained and a subject of trial by media.He stated that he should be charged or released.Police have told the BBC that they obtained an order from the Federal High Court to hold him for three months to enable them carry out investigations.
Mayo 2-17 to 1-13 Derry. Derry's Chrissy McKaigue: "It's been a very difficult year. We have a very small squad because of a number of players are unavailable for various reasons."All you can ask if that everybody empties the task and I think we did that today."Defeat is always supposed to be devastating and it was definitely devastating today."Saturday's GAA results
Kirsty Parkes, who was a history and English teacher at a school in West Lothian, cannot apply to be re-registered for one year.
Wales Under-19 international James James is Town's sixth signing of the summer so far
Novak Djokovic: Andy Murray's hip is proving cause for concern at Wimbledon. Andy Murray struggles to impose himself on his opponent, and hindered by injury, has not been able to trust his serve in the same way as last year. The world number one has lost in straight sets to Jordan Thompson in the first round at Queen's Club, the sixth time he has lost to a player outside the top 20 this year.
A study published in April showed cycling to work can cut cancer and heart disease
Neil Ward, chief executive of the Football Association of Wales Trust, said the diminishing sports budget was leading to "unrealistic" expectations.
Gren Grenfell Tower fire: Jeremy Corbyn has called for a wider inquiry into the fire.The prime minister has said she expects an interim report to be made available as soon as possible.But Mr Corbyn said he wanted a guarantee the initial findings would be published by the end of the summer.In a letter to Mrs May, he said the inquiry would be best served by being split into two parts to ensure "timeliness would not have to be sacrificed for rigour".
Bianca Nikol Roberson, a recent school graduate, was driving near West Goshen when her car veered off the road.Police responded to what they initially thought was a fatal collision, but then discovered that Ms Roberson had been shot in the head.Investigators believe another driver shot her as she attempted to merge into the same lane.
Luton Town sign Hibernian striker Scott Sinclair. Luton have signed Scotland international Scott Sinclair from Scottish Premiership side Hibs on a season-long loan deal.
A council spokesman said: "People are advised to avoid eating shellfish from these areas until further notice as a precaution.
The Pro12 is a failing competition, the expansion to 18 teams - to include sides from Japan and Argentina in addition to those from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa - has proved to be a calamity that now needs unravelling. The Cheetahs and the Kings are the poor relations of South African rugby. Of the six SARU franchises in Super Rugby, they are the weakest. They sit in their usual perch at the tail-end of the southern hemisphere club competition, a combined eight wins from 27 games this season and six wins from 30 games last season. They are the only two South African franchises
British sprinter Bradley Fearon wins 100m in the English Championships. Bradley Fouldon celebrates his 100m victory in the 100m at the British Athletics Championships in Bedford. Bradley Fearton celebrates after winning the men's 100m final at the English Athletics Championships.Bradley Fearon celebrates after he wins the 100 metres in the final of the British Championships at the World Championships in London on Saturday. British sprinting star Bradley Fearson celebrates after his 100 metres victory at the UK Athletics Championships at Bedford. British 100m sprinter Bradley Foulden celebrates after claiming victory in his final event of the season at the
Galatasaray sign Algerian forward Mohamed Belhanda. Algerian striker Mohamed Belafetimbi Gomis has joined Turkish side Istanbul Basaksehir from Dynamo Kiev on a five-year deal on a free transfer.
Fergus Ewing said it meant 16,521 farmers had now received their Common Agricultural Policy payments.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarves cels sell for £10,500. Two cels depicting the moment the Wicked Queen hands Snow White the poisoned apple have sold at auction.
The pensioner was "left shaken and has some bruising to her left shoulder"
Cheetahs and Kings set to join Pro12. South African coach Steve Solomons says the Cheeats and Kings will have to play away from home for about three weeks at a time to prepare for the new Pro12 competition. South Africa's former head coach Steve Solomon says the Pro12 is a "natural fit" for the two new South African sides to join the competition, which is set to be expanded from 18 to 15 teams.South Africa's current Super Rugby side, the Kings, are expected to be cut from Super Rugby by the South African Rugby Union on Friday 7 July as the tournament is reduced
Northern Ireland riders Michael Laverty, Andy Reid and Josh Elliott will take part in Sunday's two Superbike races at Knockhill.
Jamie Hepburn said the Scottish economy was close to recession and was performing poorly when compared with the UK as a whole.The report suggested much - but not all - of the explanation was the oil price.
Chris Froome o'r Almaen oedd y cyntaf i gyrraedd y llinell derfyn yn Liege, gyda Thomas yn seithfed.Ond Geraint Thomas sy'n parhau ar frig y tabl ar sail amser.Mewn glaw trwm ac amgylchiadau anodd, cafodd Thomas a phencampwr y llynedd,.
Gat Gatwick Airport was closed for two periods on Sunday after a drone was spotted close to the runway.A spokesman said the runway had been closed for nine and five minutes.The airport said: "Runway operations at Gatwick were suspended between 18:10 BST and 18:19, and again from 18:36 to 18:41, resulting in a small number of go-arounds and diverts.Other flights were put into holding patterns as a precaution.The UK Airprox Board monitors near-miss incidents.The highest near miss, over Heathrow in February 2016, was at 50 metres.
The Betrayed Girls is being shown on BBC One about nine Asian men jailed for grooming teenage girls in the town in 2012.
The bus was carrying a group of German pensioners at the time of the fire near Stammbach in northern Bavaria.The fire broke out in the early hours of Monday when the bus collided with a lorry and burst into flames.The lorry's trailer was also incinerated and the burnt-out wreck ended up a short distance ahead of the bus.There were 46 passengers and two drivers on the bus. The bus driver was among those killed.
Cre has become Crewe's fourth signing of the summer.
Haroon Syed, of west London, admitted preparing acts of terrorism after trying to source weapons including a suicide bomb and machine gun.He was caught after approaching MI5 officers, who were posing as a fellow extremist, via social media.Syed was sentenced to a minimum of 16 years and six months.Last year, his brother was jailed for life for plotting to behead someone on Remembrance Sunday.Prosecutors say Syed's plans ranged from becoming a suicide bomber to staging a gun attack, and while he initially boasted of working with others, those people did not materialise.Instead, over the summer of last year,
Everypractising nurse and midwife must be on the UK register, but not everyone on the register will be practising, or working in the NHS.
La Fiorita 0, Linfield 0.Second Half begins.First Half ends.Second half begins.Lineups are announced and players are warming up
West Midlands Police's cannabis disposal team manager Mike Hall said it was a day he "won't forget in a hurry".
Neighbours entered the burning property in Milford Drive, on Sunday afternoon in an attempt to rescue two cats, police said.
Alex has signed a new contract with the Gunners.
What can you buy for $123.47? For a short time on Monday night, US time, the stocks of the likes of Apple, Microsoft, Amazon eBay and Zynga were all listed at $123.
Sylvia Fleming was pregnant when she was murdered in Omagh in 1998 by Stephen Scott. He was sentenced to life, but has been taking part in a pre-release scheme.
Two have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a 22-year-old man in Birmingham.
Green Day have said they are "devastated" by the decision to cancel their concert in Glasgow.The American band had been set to perform in Bellahouston Park on Tuesday.However, promoters PCL said the show had been cancelled because "adverse weather conditions" meant it was "no longer safe" for the bands to perform.
Kevin Malthouse was stabbed in the chest and died at the scene.
Another man suffered serious injuries in the incident, which occurred near the Globe Bar in High Street
A BBC analysis suggests 195 out of 402 official bathing waters are patrolled between July and September.
A team of Japanese researchers has developed a new way to image the spread of cancer in the body in 3D and in real time.The images reveal cancerous colonies in enough detail to calculate their shapes, volumes, and distributions - characteristics critical to distinguishing between patterns of metastasis Dr Hiroki Ueda, one of the researchers, said: "Most of the cancer cells appear to die during circulation in the bloodstream and fail to metastasise."But cancers then start producing chemical signals to help them grow.The researchers tested the effect of one of them, called TGF-beta, and showed it dramatically improved the chances
Preston, 21, scored seven goals for the Lions last season to retain their National League status
Deaf and hard of hearing people are four times more likely to be unemployed than hearing people in Wales, according to a charity.The charity estimates 4% of the Welsh workforce - about 84,000 people - are deaf or wear hearing aids.It said "demand outweighs supply" for its two advisers and the referral process is "problematic".
Manchester's new director of the Tate, Helen Balshaw, has been appointed by the Department of Digital, Culture, Media & Sport. She will take over from Sir Nicholas Serota, who has been in charge of the museum for the last two decades.
Dons sign former Brentford and Swindon man Dominic Poleon.
Cardiff walker Gemma Davies wins 5km at British Championships. Welsh race walker Jemma Davies sets two new British bests in the mile and 5km event to seal her place at the World Championships.
Serena Williams: Angelique Kerber loses in first round of French Open. Angelique "Angelique" Kerber is out of the French Open after losing in the first round to Italy's Flavia Pennetta.Angelique "Kerber" will lose her number one ranking if she fails to reach the final at Wimbledon, according to the WTA.Media playback is not supported on this device World number one Wozniacki breezes into second round
Jack Evans is working in one of the country's oldest and most nostalgic industries - the steam railway.Although the Vale of Rheidol line no longer carries lead ore from the mines, as it did between 1902 and the 1930s, it does carry tourists from the seaside town of Aberystwyth to nearby Devil's Bridge.Its workshop restores locomotives for museums and railways across the UK - and has recently been commissioned to create new wheels for the town's cliff railway which takes visitors up Constitution Hill.
The winning image, by Hadi Asadi from Iran, shows the US president wearing a jacket of dollar bills and with burning yellow hair.Organisers of the Trumpism exhibition in Tehran have held similar contests in the past on themes.
Wimbledon 2016: Alexander Zverev beats Timo Tomic to reach the quarter-finals of the US Open. Alexander Federer, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal have all lost in the first round at Wimbledon.Alexander Federer has lost to Germany's world number 30 in the second round of the French Open and now Alexander Zerev in the third round at the Wimbledon tournament.Alexander Zveret defeats Australian tennis player Dominic Thiem in the fourth round of Wimbledon to reach his first quarter-final at the tournament.I think I don't respect the sport enough. It's disrespectful to
Tad Tadcaster is better prepared for flooding through the actions and activities of TFAG, according to a report.
Footage emerged online of people appearing to sing the anti-Irish "Famine Song" at the weekend, while a band played alongThe council said the right of the Orange Order to march was not "absolute"And it warned future parades could face greater restrictions or prohibitionPolice are investigating the footage of the song, which is sung to the tune of the Beach Boys' Sloop John BA spokesman for Glasgow City Council said: "The European Convention on Human Rights enshrines the rights to peaceful assembly and freedom of expressionHowever, these rights are not absolute. They must be balanced by the responsibility to ensure the rights of others are
Bury loanee Josh Williams can return to Gigg Lane if Bury use the recall clause in his contract.
The four are now in police custody, after a crime spree that included raids on hotels, small shops and amusement arcades.
Shell, which has more than 950 outlets in Malaysia, said it would not condone the "distasteful and suggestive acts", which it said were "disrespectful".
The winners of this year's aerial photography competition run by online site Dronestagram have been announced.
Shrewsbury Town sign former Walsall winger Ryan MacGillivray. Shrewshott Town have signed former West Bromwich Albion winger Ryan McGilliverray on a one-year deal from the Saddlers.
The eighteen-year-old lost his lower legs and spent nearly a month in hospital after the accident.It happened during a race at Donington Park, days before his birthday.
The Scottish government has been urged to adopt measures to tackle bullying in schools and local authorities.The committee's report said it had uncovered "a real sense that prejudice-based bullying is on the increase".It concluded that racism "has made a resurgence", gender-based "appears to be commonplace", and bullying towards young lesbian or gay people "is still prevalent".The Scottish government welcomed the report and said it would consider its recommendations carefully.The children's commissioner for Scotland, Bruce Adamson, said the report was a "call to action" for the authorities.
Sam Sebastian, 18, suffered a cardiac arrest at West Gate School, in Leicester, on 27 January 2016.
Canada's top soldier has opened an investigation into the weekend incident and has called it "deplorable".The First Nations ceremony held by a small group of protesters in Halifax on Canada Day was meant to mark the country's troubled history with indigenous peoples. It was held next to the statue of the city's founder, British military officer Edward Cornwallis.Halifax is in the midst of a long debate over how the city commemorates Cornwallis, who in 1749 placed a bounty on the scalps of Mi'kmaq people after they rebelled against the British.
The government has been accused of failing to do more to help 2.6 million women born in the 1950s who have lost out.
Two armed groups clashed near the mountainous community of Las Varas, in the state of Chihuahua
A Baidu executive has been arrested after he was caught on camera making a video call to an artificial-intelligence developers conference in the Chinese capital.The footage shows another executive in the driver's seat, but with his hands off the steering wheel.
Brighton and Hove City Council's tourism, development and culture committee said the discovery is "another important addition to the city's rich cultural story".
West Bromwich Albion's Craig Dorrans signs for Rangers. West Brom midfielder Craig Dorran has signed a three-year deal with Rangers from Norwich City, becoming the club's ninth summer signing.
Arsenal will host Leicester City on Friday 11 August, with a 19:45 BST kick-off.
Colchester Town: Goalkeeper Mark Gilmartin signs undisclosed-length deal.
William Dunlop, of Billingham, Teesside, was jailed in 2006 over the 1989 killing of Julie Hogg.
Shrewsbury Town transfer news: Josh Barnett leaves MK Dons. Josh Barnett has left MK DONS to join League Two League Two side Macclesfield Town.
Susan Nicholson and Caroline Devlin's deaths were treated as not suspicious at the time of their deaths.Both women were found dead in their beds at their home in Worthing, West Sussex, in March 2006. Both women were aged 52 and 35 when they died. In the case of Ms Devlin, Trigg had gone out for milk and made a coffee before telling one of her four children - then aged 14 - to go upstairs and check on his mother, knowing she was already dead.
Aer Aer Lingus is stopping its summertime service at the end of August.
Surrey captain Rory Burns celebrates his career-best 219 against Hampshire. Surrey's Rory Burns hits 219 not out to help his side to a draw against Hampshire at the Oval. Rory Burns scores a career-high 219 to help Surrey to a thrilling draw with Hampshire in Division One of the Specsavers County Championship.
The lettering outside Highfield Community Primary School, in Blacon, was "claer" evidence that spelling was not the forte of the person who painted it.The marking was hastily corrected, at no cost to the council, after it appeared in February 2014. The markings were later repainted.
Richard was our number one target throughout the summer, boss Chris Wilder says
Watford winger Dennon Lewis joins Woking on a loan deal until 31 December.
TRNSMT is being held on what was traditionally the weekend of the T in the Park festival, which is not taking place this year.
Two families were living in the four-storey building that collapsed.
Richard Richard Davies, 41, died of a single gunshot wound to the chest after firing at officers in St Neots, Cambridgeshire, in October 2015.His widow Samantha said she had a text from her child saying they were tied up and begging her to "call the police".Mr Davies was shot after firing a gun from the house.The inquest then heard how the children managed to make 999 calls and alert their mother.Giving evidence at the hearing, Mrs Davies said she initially believed her husband had "some acceptance" about the end of their relationship and said "there wasn't an ounce of anger" during their conversation earlier
Burnley sign Republic of Ireland striker Jon Walters. Burnley have signed Republic Of Ireland striker Jonathan Walters from Stoke on a two-year deal after seven years with the Potters.
Henley Royal Regatta: Woman raped after leaving Chinawhite enclosure. A woman has been raped outside a rowing regatta in London after leaving the enclosure of the event, police say.
Judd Trump and Barry Hawkins face Mark Allen and Joe Swail.
Wimbledon: Johanna Konta leads bookmakers despite only reaching second week for first time. British number two Heather Watson and her Finnish playing partner Henri Kontinen reach the second week of Wimbledon for the first time after beating Maria Sakkari and Nenad Zimonjic. British sixth seed Johanna Jonta is the bookies' favourite to win the Wimbledon women's singles title after a 6-4 6-1 win against Greece's Maria Sakakari. Britain's number two seed Heather Watson reaches the second round of the Women's Singles at Wimbledon after defeating Maria Sak
Andy Murray beats Fabio Fognini to reach the second week of the French Open for the 11th time. Andy Murray wins a tense fourth-round match at Roland Garros to seal a place in the last 16 for the second time in three years as he advances to the Wimbledon quarter-finals.Media playback is not supported on this device
Matsuri Takahashi, 24, killed herself in 2015.
Leigh Day, which was cleared of wrongdoing over claims against British troops in Iraq, said it had "no prior knowledge" of the poster. A firm has apologised after it was found to have put up a flyer offering "free legal support" to victims of the Grenfell Tower fire. Leigh Day said it does not represent any survivors of the fire and that an internal investigation is under way.
The death toll has been raised to 16 after more than 50cm (20in) of rain fell over a 12-hour period on parts of the south-western island of Kyushu.
Donegal's Twelfth of July parade is the traditional opener to the annual 12 July celebrations marking King William III's victory at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690.The parade, accompanied by 30 bands, made its way along the rural coastal setting into the centre of the seaside village before a religious service.Many families with young children gathered at vantage points along the route to take in the demonstration.County grandmaster David Mahon said Donegal prides itself on being a family-friendly day with a relaxed atmosphere.Assistant Grand Master Stuart Brooker told the crowds the institution was "being challenged on many
I thought beforehand that if they lost the first Test the Lions would lose the series 3-0, so I have to give credit to what is the strongest Lions side since 2001, or maybe even 1997, for the way they fought backThe quality shone through both in the players and the coachingAfter the first week or so the debate about lack of preparation time died down - that is one for the administrators to sort out behind closed doorsBut just think what they could have done with 10 days' more time to get ready - they might even have gone in as favourites against the world championsThis will be a tour remembered for Sean
Seven people are reported to have been killed in shelling across the Line of Control that divides Indian and Pakistani-administered Kashmir.
Rory McIlroy backs Ballyliffin for Irish Open. The Irish Open will be played in the Republic of Ireland in 2019 and 2020, the European Tour has confirmed.
There was no medal success for Enniskillen's Holly Nixon in the women's quadruple sculls.
Iraqi security forces were still pinned down by snipers from the group that calls itself Islamic State.Colonel Jabbar Abad told us it was the last pocket of resistance. He claimed they would be defeated within hours.His troops helped a steady stream of civilians fleeing to safety. Mostly women and children.The families were given food and water.The children didn't even flinch when there was more sound of gunfire. A few babies being carried looked almost lifeless.The heat has contributed to the stench of decaying corpses.Almost every building in the old city has been scarred or completely destroyed.Search and rescue teams are
Uhuru Kenyatta is seeking re-election.
Campaign Against the Arms Trade said an appeal against the ruling was planned.
Charlie Gard: The 11-month-old is on life support at Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH)Charlie has an exceptionally rare genetic condition called encephalomyopathic mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome (MDDS)Charlie's parents, Connie Yates and Chris Gard, from Bedfont in west London, want Charlie to have an experimental treatment called nucleoside therapy.But Charlie's doctors at GOSH do not think this is the right care for Charlie.They say Charlie's life support should be switched off and he should be allowed to die.Charlie's doctors say his brain is extensively damaged at a cellular level. They
Andrew Lloyd-Webber says the average ticket price for a West End musical in 2016 was £49.28 - up almost 6% on the previous year.The composer, whose hits include The Phantom of the Opera, Cats and Evita, is charging between £25-£95 for his latest London musical School of Rock.He said he is currently looking for an idea for a new musical "rather desperately". "I don't think I've ever felt more excited about musicals," he said. "Everything is so vibrant in America, which has always really been the home of musicals.
Biker Mark Smith said he was told he would no longer be served at The Royal Oak at Ulley, near Rotherham.
Hibs' Lewie Stevenson returns to the top flight after testimonial. Hibs defender Lewis Stevenson has returned to the Scottish Premier League after a testimonial for the club's title-winning team at Easter Road. Stevenson was in the Hibs side that won the Scottish Cup in 2016 and the League Cup final in 2007.
Find us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents.
Barry Joy, 56 and Daniel Timbers, 28, died in a "fierce fire" following an explosion at digger bucket maker Harford Attachments in Norwich in 2015.
Kilmarnock sign Mark Stewart and Craig Barr. Kirkcaldy striker Mark Stewart has signed a one-year contract at Kirkcaulds.
Dale Pike, 25, of Glynneath, Neath Port Talbot, "stood and watched" as Gareth Pugh dived into the lake with a weighted belt to fish out balls.
South Africa's Kings and Cheetahs are expected to join the Pro12 next season. South African side the Kings have confirmed they will join the new Pro12 league next season after losing their Super Rugby status. The South African Kings have announced they will play in the new European Pro12 competition next season.
Taunton road project delays 'enormously frustrating'. The council is in a legal dispute with the contractor Carillion about the extra costs and who should pay.
Nearly 400 children under the age of 12 have been spoken to by police in the last three years in England and Wales.
Silverstone has been home to the race every year since 1987. Silverstone says it cannot afford to host the British Grand Prix unless a new deal is agreed.
Northern Ireland's Stormont leader Michelle O'Neill says the burning of flags and election posters on bonfires is a "hate crime". A bonfire in Belfast has been set alight in a public car park after it was festooned with stolen Sinn Féin election posters, Irish national flags and other emblems. It is one of four Belfast bonfires that are the subject of court injunctions, sought to prevent them getting bigger.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium's ban on the wearing of partial or total face veils in public is justifiable in principle.
Steve Whitmire has supplied Kermit's nasal tones since 1990, after the death of Jim Henson.
A Japanese woman has been sentenced to death for murdering her fourth husband and two other boyfriends and poisoning them with cyanide.Chisako Kakehi was arrested in 2014 and went on trial in Kyoto late last month.Her lawyers have pleaded not guilty on her behalf, and when her trial began she said only that she would "leave everything" to her defence team.But in court, asked if she killed her husband, she said there was "no mistake".The 70-year-old said she committed the crime because her husband was not treating her well financially, and that she obtained the cyanide from a
The Good Fight star said she would love to find a job in Britain, but has had to take roles in the USA because there is more work on offer across the pond.She said she stuck out "like a sore thumb" on the set of Vera and added: "I was the only person of colour."You take the cast picture at the end of the season and you look back at it and you're the one sticking out brown face in a group of people and it hurts."Jumbo said Britain was "pulling the plug" on its talent.She told Labour MPs Gloria de Piero and Tracy Brabin:
A new study of 68 million days' worth of minute-by-minute data shows the average number of daily steps was 4,961.Hong Kong was top averaging 6,880 a day, while Indonesia was bottom of the rankings with just 3,513.But the findings also uncovered intriguing details that could help tackle obesity.Most smartphones have a built-in accelerometer that can record steps and the researchers used anonymous data from more than 700,000 people who used the Argus activity monitoring app.
Beth Beth Potter, Laura Muir and Callum Hawkins have qualified for the World Championships.
Mudassir Hussain of Gladstone Street, Derby, pleaded guilty to preparing acts of terrorism.Sheffield Crown Court heard the 31-year-old made it to Turkey before his.
A public consultation has opened on the new proposals, which include a single tower rather than two skyscrapers, for the Jackson's Row area of the city.
Sofia Legg's family said: "Sofia was failed by the system and we, as a family, feel badly let down."Somerset Partnership NHS Foundation Trust said it had apologised to the family and improvements had been made.
A report to a UN ocean conference in New York points out that more than 60% of the ocean has no rules because it’s outside national jurisdiction.
Brenda Wardle - who denies the charges - is accused of pretending to be a practising attorney and offering to represent a convicted murdererShe appeared at Port Elizabeth Commercial Crimes Court on Monday, South African media reportShe featured as an expert on the BBC during the 2014 Pistorius trialMs Wardle, 56, also boasts of appearing on Sky News, Fox News and a number of South African broadcasters on her social media profilesShe has published a book called To Kill A Fragile Rose: The State's Case Against Oscar Leonard Carl PistoriusAccording to local media
US stocks have generally climbed this year, in spite of some shaky moments stemming from unease over the fate of the Trump administration and prospects for its business-friendly agenda.
Daniel Braxton was driving through Towyn, Conwy county, with his 18-year-old daughter at 07:15 BST
Leigh Centurions 8-8 Huddersfield Giants. Warrington Wolves: Brough; Higson, Crooks, Langi, Dawson; Mortimer, Drinkwater; Hock, Higham, Hansen, Paterson, Vea, Stewart.
Sherlock is famous for solving complicated crimes, and now visitors to Maze can put their own detective skills to the test.They will have to find their way through the maze and collect clues as they go.Elementary!
St Helens 24-16 Catalans Dragons: Justin Horo, Luke Walsh and Tony Gigot score tries to help Saints to victory. Saints beat Catalans to move within three points of fourth-placed Wakefield.
Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JP Morgan - which employs 16,000 people in Britain - has already said he will move hundreds of people out of the UK when it leaves the EU.
Rhodri Colwyn Philipps, 50, wrote the message four days after Ms Miller won a Brexit legal challenge against the government.Philipps, of Knightsbridge, London, described her as a "boat jumper" and added: "If this is what we should expect from immigrants, send them back to their stinking jungles."The court heard how Ms Miller, 52, said she felt "violated" by Philipps's "shocking" comments about her.Delivering her verdict, Ms Arbuthnot said there was "nothing private about a Facebook post".The other post Philipps was convicted for was in response
Silverstone cannot afford to host the British Grand Prix after 2019, says Chris Horner. Silverstone has triggered its break clause to end the deal after 2019 unless a new deal is agreed.
The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service said it was also responding to a "significant number" of other bonfire-related callouts.
The PM has called for parties to unite against "bullying and harassment".
UFC star Conor McGregor says he is "going to knock him out inside four rounds" in his boxing match with Floyd Mayweather. Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather have appeared in front of thousands of fans at a news conference in Los Angeles to promote their Las Vegas boxing match.
Abdullah Hayayei, 36, was pronounced dead at the scene at 17:20 BST on TuesdayThe Health and Safety Executive and police are investigating the incident, which was witnessed by some ofHayayei's team-mates and UAE staffI can say the throwing cage collapsed on the athlete's head - but how that happened, we can not say Majid Rashed, vice president of the UAE International Paralympic Committee
She's now through to the semi final of the competition.But this may not be an easy win as Konta faces five-time Wimbledon Champion Venus Williams,Let's see how they stack up, stats wise.
Oil and gas companies are continuing to pursue new methods and techniques like this in order to get ever more fossil fuels out of the ground.It's important to note that, traditionally, it has been commonplace for firms to recover only about a third of the oil from an oil field using existing techniques. But that is changing.There are various reasons why new extraction methods are cropping up, but a key factor was the high price of oil in recent years - between roughly 2011 and 2014 the average price of a barrel was $100 or more.That period of time [when prices were high] allowed investments to be made in
Crawford Gillies will take over the chairmanship of Edrington Distilleries.Edrington distilleries has announced the appointment of Crawford Gillie as its new chief executive. Edrington distillers has announced that Crawford "Crawford" Gillies is to take over as its next chief executive.Mr Murray will step down later this month after four years in the role.
Motherwell FC sign striker Dom Thomas from Celtic. Motherwell midfielder Dom Thomas signs a three-year deal at Rugby Park after requesting a move from Fir Park.
Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at the club until 2018. "For now the most important thing is our pre-season and getting through the tour, training and getting fitness," said Ozil.
Jacqui Thompson was arrested in 2011 for filming a council meeting and sued Mark James for libel.She was charged with an harassment offence but a decision was taken to discontinue her case.
The woman, believed to be Lithuanian, was struck by a car on the A38 near Burton-upon-Trent around 20:30 BST on 6 July
JP Nadeau was reportedly struck by lightning mid-sentence in his apple orchard in New Brunswick, Canada.
Shay Logan: Pittodrie full-back agrees new three-year contract. Shay Logan has agreed a new contract with Pittodrive after being linked with a move back to England.
The repeal bill, published earlier, is also facing opposition from Labour and other parties in the Commons.The Conservatives are relying on Democratic Unionist Party support to win key votes after losing their Commons majority in the general election, but could face a revolt from Remain supporting backbenchers.Labour says it will not support the bill in its current form and is demanding concessions in six areas, including the incorporation of the European Charter of Fundamental Rights into British law.The party wants guarantees workers' rights will be protected and also want curbs on the power of government ministers to alter legislation without full parliamentary scrutiny.In a joint statement, first
Firefighters are battling a huge fire on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius in Italy's southern region of Campania that has forced thousands of people to flee their homes and forced the evacuation of a seaside resort.There are no reports of injuries caused by the Calampiso fire, but witnesses described running to the beach as their accommodation burned.The fire broke out in the town of Zingaro on Tuesday afternoon, and has grown to more than 1,000 hectares (3,000 acres) in size, according to the fire service.As flames neared the seaside resorts, fishermen and boat-owners were drafted
Mayweather vs McGregor: Conor McGregor in Toronto. Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather face off in Canada in front of 16,000 fans at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on 26 August.
Police said the elderly man was spotted in the water at Leith at about 22:00
Ancient cities around the shores of the Mediterranean and Adriatic are on the front line, their stone streets squeezed full of summer visitors as budget airlines and giant cruise ships unload ever-growing armies of tourists.
Ceredigion Council is proposing the closure of its sole remaining residential home in its most populated town.
A mother and at least two kits have been observed on a river near Beauly.The government has instructed that the beavers be trapped and then kept in captivity.The presence of beavers has been found previously in the Highlands.In 2008, one was found dead on a beach at Eathie after suffering what police described as a "cruel" death after ingesting a large quantity of sea water.
Christina Grant's family, who live in New South Wales, flew her to Australia following the death of her son and carer, Robert, in February 2015.Her family believed they had met the requirements of her visa, which expires later this month.Immigration officials said they had been working with the family and made no arrangements to remove Mrs Grant.However, the grandmother's family told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme that they had not found Australia's immigration department helpful and had gone to specialists for assistance.They could apply for a new visa but were told that this could take 30 years to resolve.The Grant family had hoped that
It was not me. It was the power."
An eight-year-old boy has been killed in Pakistan after a landowner allegedly tied him to a donkey and beat it to make it run faster, witnesses say. A landowner in Pakistan has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a child after he tied him up and beat him to death, local reports say.The incident happened in Lora village, 80km (50 miles) south of Abbottabad.Reports said the landowner Mohammad Miskin, who denies the charges, became angry after animals the boy was looking after strayed on to his land.Local people say the donkey dragged the child for nearly an hour.
Dywedodd Jeffrey John: "Yn eu barn nhw, byddai esgob sy'n hoyw yn peri gormod o drafferth."Gwadu'r honiadau mae Mainc Esgobion yr Eglwys yng Nghymru gan ddweud fod "yr holl broses o ethol a phenodi Esgob Llandaf wedi bod yn un gywir a theg."Mae'r e-bost dyddiedig 8 Chwefror, a lofnod
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak is in a critical condition after suffering brain damage during a friendly match against Werder Bremen.The club statement said the chances of recovery from the damage is nil.It added: "The diagnosis was made that a lot of [his] brain is not functioning. All this probably occurred due to a lack of oxygen supply."On Monday, the club had said tests showed his "heart is functioning normally" and brain scans did not detect "any anomalies" - but new tests revealed the extent of the damage.The Amsterdam-born player was flown by helicopter to hospital in Austria - where the abandoned friendly match
A baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop near the Magpie and Stump pub in Towyn, Conwy county.
Kyle Walker becomes the world's most expensive defender at £50m plus. Imagine how much he would cost if he could cross the ball. He's been a huge part of why Spurs have had one of, or the best defence in the league for two years.
Visitors to the Hebridean Celtic Festival will be able to use an app to trigger online information.
Scarborough Athletic FC played in its home town for the first time since the club was founded in 2007.The Sea Dogs lost 4-1 against Sheffield United XI in front of a sell-out 2,000 crowd at Flamingo Land Stadium.The stadium forms part of a £50m development built on the town's former Weaponness Park and Ride site, which includes a swimming pool, new University Technical College and Coventry University's Scarborough campus.Scarborough FC's former ground - the McCain Stadium - was demolished in 2011.
Hibs boss Neil Lennon says his side have done well in the Betfred Cup so far. Hibs manager Neil Lennon has praised his side's performance in the new League Cup group-stage format.
Harold Mayne-Nicholls: Former Chilean Football Association president investigated. Former Chilean football association president Harold mayne-nicholls is one of five senior officials being investigated by Fifa.
Woman attacked in St George's Gardens. A woman has been seriously injured after she was attacked in a south London street.
Craig Harvey, 31, denies assaulting consultant radiologist Marcel Strauss at Wishaw General on 24 February.He is also accused of assaulting a prison officer and wrestling with three others.
"Even if I walk down the streets, I have people spitting on me and calling me pig - all the nasty stuff.
Flight AC759 was scheduled to land at 23:23 local time (06:23 GMT)
A German man has been banned from driving in the UK for two years after causing death by careless driving.
Noel Conway, who is 67 and has motor neurone disease, wants a doctor to be allowed to prescribe a lethal dose when his health deteriorates further.He said he wanted to say goodbye to loved ones "at the right time, not to be in a zombie-like condition suffering both physically and psychologically".Any doctor who helped him to die would face up to 14 years in prison.His lawyer, Richard Gordon QC, told the High Court in London that Mr Conway faced a stark choice either to seek to bring about his own death now whilst still physically able to do so, or await death with no control over how and when
President Raul Castro said "attempts to destroy the revolution" would fail.
A third more cocaine was being produced in Colombia in 2016, according to a UN report.
A third 18-year-old woman, in the back of the car, was flown by air ambulance to hospital where her condition is said to be "critical".
Harry Lewis signs for Tannadice on a three-year contract. Harry Lewis has signed for Scottish Premier League club TANNADICE on a one-year loan deal.
A man has been sentenced to 16 years in prison for killing 18 cats and wounding three in San Jose, California.The name of each cat killed by Robert Farmer, 26, was read out to him by the judge in Santa Clara Superior Court.One of the cats showed signs of having been sexually abused, experts said.He was found sleeping in his car in October that year with a dead cat in the centre console and chunks of fur elsewhere in the vehicle.The cats all went missing in the Cambrian Park area of San Jose in the autumn of 2015.Several pets were found dead, two of them in rubbish bins
Air Air France said the plane landed "normally" at 13:20 local time.
Millwall's Abdou signs new one-year deal until the end of next season.
Macclesfield Town transfer news: Jack Marsh joins from Dover Athletic. Jack Marsh has joined from Dover City on loan at National League South side Welling United.
Gall Galloway has made 43 appearances for Leeds since joining from NRL side Wests Tigers
He did not start a league game in 2017
Iran has sentenced a Chinese-American researcher to 10 years in prison for spying for the US and Britain, state TV said on Sunday.The sentence was announced on state TV by deputy judiciary chief Gholamhossein Mohseni-Ejeie.Wang was arrested last August as he tried to leave the country, according to the judiciary's news agency.
Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers delighted with Ollie Ntcham. Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is delighted with the quality of new signing Olivier Ntchamp after he impressed in his side's friendly against Lyon. Brendan Rodgers has been delighted with new Celtic signing Olivier ntcham and says he has the qualities to be a top, top level number eight. "He has everything to play at the very highest level.
Police said they had attended the scene and helped to secure the premises
Janet Commins' body was found near a school field in Flint, north Wales, by three children playing hide and seek.She had been suffocated during a sexual assault.The court heard Hough had been court-martialled in 1988 for grievous bodily harm with intent while serving as a soldier in Germany.He attacked a hotel receptionist and was in the process of "strangling" her when he was disturbed by others.He was jailed for five years, reduced through the ranks and discharged.Although he has never challenged his conviction, he told Hough's trial he was made a scapegoat by police
Jeremy Browne, the City's special representative to the EU, said French authorities were seeking "disruption".
He was treated by medical staff but was pronounced dead at the scene
The Welsh Government wants to remove the legal defence for parents who use corporal punishment to discipline children.But campaigners said removing the reasonable chastisement defence would leave "ordinary parents facing jail".
ITV's previous chief executive, Adam Crozier, left in June
Thomas Hunter, 59, of Mansfield Road, Mansfield, had admitted causing the eight-vehicle crash on the A34 at Hinksey Hill, Oxford, on 25 August.Isla Wiggin, of Fleet, Hampshire, died two days later.She told a court Hunter had "completely ruined" her family's lives.Collette also suffered a broken neck when Hunter drove his Volvo lorry into the back of a stationary queue of traffic at 43mph.At Oxford Crown Court, prosecutor Michael Roques said another driver described the lorry "ploughing through all the other vehicles in the queue, scattering
Teenager Leah Kerry was found unconscious at about 04:50 BST on Saturday at Bakers Park in Newton Abbot, Devon
The Electoral Commission said 38 MPs had highlighted people, including students, claiming to have voted twice, which is a criminal offence.It said individual electoral registers run by councils should be better joined up to help identify duplicate entries.It is also calling for people who are registered in two seats to choose in advance which one they will vote in at future general elections.
Sunderland striker Vaughan eager to do well. Sunderland striker Mark Vaughan says there is no pressure to be the main source of goals for the Black Cats this season.
Jamie Walker: Hearts boss Ian Cathro relaxed about winger's situation. Hearts boss Cathro is relaxed about Jamie Walker's situation after Rangers were linked with another bid to land the winger.
Marcy Smith was woken up by her son David to find their house in Glovertown, Newfoundland and Labrador, completely engulfed in flames.
Dundee boss Ian McCann says recruitment has been tough. Dundee manager Ian McCann admits it has been "difficult" to bring in new players in his first full season as manager.
Archaeologists say the discovery has allowed historians to map changes to the shoreline over 1,000 years.
A former police officer in Texas has been charged with murder in the shooting death of a 15-year-old boy who was killed by a police officer while he was driving away from a party. He was charged with four counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon by a public official.
President Donald Trump has agreed to release the names of visitors he has hosted at his New York City hotel, the White House has said.The move is part of a legal challenge brought by a non-profit watchdog group.Among the visitors that Mr Trump has hosted - which he calls the "Winter White House" - are Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Chinese President Xi Jinping.Mr Shaub told the New York Times that the Trump administration has ignored long-established guidelines, and that the flouting of ethics rules at home makes it hard for the US to tackle corruption overseas.
UK inflation drops to 2.6% in June. The pound falls against the euro after the UK's inflation figures were released.
Johanna Konta says she is proud to represent Great Britain after being questioned about her nationality. Johanna Jonta is taking a short break before preparing for the US Open in August after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals. Jafar Penkova is the first British woman since Virginia Wade 39 years earlier to reach the last four at Wimbledon.
Liverpool to vote on safe standing. Liverpool will hold an open meeting in the city this weekend to discuss the issue of safe standing at Anfield.
"There shouldn't be stigma attached to having basic rights to food," he said. "The obligation is on the state to make sure that every child in Scotland is getting access to the food."
Featherstoneflyers.co.uk Featherstone have announced the appointment of Craig Duffy as their new head coach.He is a fantastic coach and we are very excited to see how his reign here unfolds Featherstone
The stricken robot, made by Knightscope, was spotted by passers-by whose photos of the aftermath quickly went viral on social media
Widnes Vikings 19-18 Leigh. Leigh Leigh's victory means Widnes finish bottom of the Super League at the end of the regular season.
Fulham transfer news: Christian Christensen returns to his native Denmark. Christian Christensen leaves Fulham to join Danish side FC Midtjylland on loan.
Both the Brexit Secretary David Davis and DUP leader Arlene Foster have been fond of talking about technology as the answer to Ireland's post-Brexit problems. However, they then go on to suggest that provided businesses co-operate with computerised trusted trader schemes, and cameras with number plate recognition capability are installed some distance away from the frontier.
It's a warm July evening and the surrounding hills glow golden in the setting sun amid the chirruping of swallows and the song of cicadas.It should be an image of rural peace and contentment, but on closer inspection, all is not quite as it seems.Sebastiano Blanco, a winemaker in the foothills of Mount Etna, Sicily, says he's been threatened, his land has been repeatedly trespassed on, his buildings have been damaged and trees cut down or set alight.This, he says, is what it takes to run a modern business in Sicily
Mercedes-Benz has announced a software fix to cut nitrogen oxide pollution in passenger cars.The company said the software fix, which will cost about 220m euros (Â£195m), was not linked to the police investigation.
Blackpool have now signed nine players this summer
Mark McChrystal joins Crusaders from Tranmere Rovers
Antonio Conte signs new Chelsea contract. Chelsea boss Antonio Conate signs a new three-year contract without extending the terms of his existing deal.
Tyrone McCarthy signs a "long-term contract" with Salford. Tyrone McCarthy signs a new contract with Super League side SalfORD at the AJ Bell Stadium.
The plane was flying from Myeik to Yangon and the debris was found in the sea off the coastal town of Dawei.
The baby, known as a 'joey', brings the total number of the animals to 251 and was the first of its species to be born at the wildlife refuge for five years.
HebCelt is taking place in Stornoway and will run until Saturday night.
Seren Bernard, 14, took her own life while living with foster carers in Pembrokeshire in 2012.
The question of university value has been under scrutiny, with fees increasing to £9,250 in England.Mr Johnson will highlight concerns over increases in vice-chancellors' pay.
A small number of tablets, believed to be linked to the burglary, were later found in nearby Orby ClosePolice have advised the public to only use medicine from healthcare professionalsThe Health and Social Care Board (HSCB) said "there is always the potential for drugs such as benzodiazepines to be misused or abused".Det Sgt Michael Hawthorne said: "I would also urge the public
Aidan Chaves, 26, reacted angrily to taunts from fans and was spat on during a home game for Sawbridgeworth Town FC on 25 March.
Andronicos Sideras, 55, is accused of mixing horsemeat with beef before selling it on through his company Dinos & Sons.
Paul McMullen scores twice to give Dundee United a commanding half-time lead against the Highland League side.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said the European Union is undermining Israel's security and economic interests by imposing "political" conditions on its relations with the Jewish state.He said the EU's insistence on terms relating to the Israeli-Palestinian peace process being included in its Association Agreement with Israel, signed in 2000 and not subsequently updated, was "crazy".The EU has repeatedly condemned Israel's building of Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank.In comments picked up on the headphones of reporters waiting outside the meeting, Mr Netanyahu told the prime ministers of Hungary, the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovakia: "The European Union [...] is the only association
He ended last season on loan at Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo
The actor Martin Landau, star of 1960s TV series Mission: Impossible, died at the age of 89. He won an Oscar in 1995 for portraying the horror movie star Bela Lugosi in Ed Wood.
A new report has found that the dark net is a major source of illegal firearms and related goods on the internet.The research, published in the journal Cyber Security, found that firearms and other illegal goods were being sold on the dark web, which is a part of the internet that requires specific software to access, in order for users to remain anonymous.The report, published by the Rand Corporation Europe, found 52 unique vendors selling weapons or similar items such as ammunition, explosives, or components such as silencers across 811 listings and 18 markets.Police believe the 2016 Munich shooting, which left nine people dead, used weapons
Six girls were taking part in the FIRST Global Challenge competition
Air traffic controllers expect to handle more than 8,800 flights - a record number.
Marko Arnautovic is due to have a medical in the next 48 hours after West Ham agreed a deal with Stoke City
Google has released a series of 360-degree panoramas of the inside of the International Space Station (ISS) as part of its latest Street View expansion.The images were taken using a pair of bungee cords strapped in the module in a criss-cross fashion, so that the crossing point defined the centre of where the camera needed to be.The notes that pop up as the user moves among the station's 15 modules provide background information about the equipment on display, and are intended to help make sense of what Google acknowledges can be a "confusing".
Education Secretary Boris Johnson has called for the introduction of a binding contract for students to ensure they are getting good value for money.He also warned universities to stop "excessive" pay for vice-chancellors.But Labour's universities spokesman, Gordon Marsden, said Mr Johnson was "completely toothless" over Vice-Chancellors' pay and his complaints would be "kicked into the long grass".He said the cost of scrapping fees, clearing existing student-loan debts and repaying students who had already paid off their loans would require a 2.5p hike in the basic rate of income
Ross County sign former Celtic and Motherwell midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal. Ross County have signed former Celtic, Motherwell and Shrewsbury Town midfielder Jim o'Brien.
Dani Alves: Rangers defender set to win trophies at Ibrox. Rangers' Brazilian defender Dani Alves is focused on helping the club to a successful season.
The next public consultation in the Greater Manchester Spatial Framework (GMSF) scheme was due in September but may not be published until summer 2018.
Mae grŵp wedi'i sefydlu yn Arberth, Sir Benfro sy'n helpu i ddod â theulu o ffoaduriaid i'r DU a chynnig cartref iddyn nhw.Mae ffigyrau yn dangos bod grwpiau cymunedol o'r fath wedi cefnogi hyd at 53 ffoadur y llynedd.Ond dwi'n falch fy mod wedi bwrw'mlaen."Dywed
Saudi King Salman has set up a new security agency, bringing together counter-terrorism and domestic intelligence under the authority of a single body.
Two two-year-old boys have been charged with child endangerment after they crashed their mother's car while trying to reach their grandfather's farm in New York.The pair made it three miles (4.8km) down the road and successfully navigated multiple turns.They were not hurt but officials are weighing charges against the mother.They had taken their mother s 2005 Ford Focus after finding the keys in the floor mat while playing in the front yard.Officials believe the toddlers probably teamed up to work the pedals and steer the wheel before crashing it in a ditch.The sheriff's office is working with the county prosecutor
Charlene Downes: 'I want to force the police to do their job'Charlene's mother Karen Downes said she is taking legal action over a 13-year gap in releasing CCTV images of the teenager's last day alive.She said the footage that detectives released in 2016, 13 years after she went missing, could have helped solve the case had it been available earlier."They had [the CCTV] for 13 years," said Mrs Downes. "It shows Charlene in the town that afternoon in the same clothes she disappeared in."If they'd have shown it before... who knows?"We have suffered
Dustin Johner was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 2001 NHL draft
Richard Ellis is the council's former interim director of corporate governance
Ray Dare died when his bike and a van were involved in a collision on the A41 Ashton Clinton bypass, near Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire.
There were 96,910 residential transactions in June, on a seasonally-adjusted basis.
Charlton Athletic sign Chelsea youngster Dasilva.
Guy Martin crashed at the Isle of Man TT in June
Prince George and Princess Charlotte enjoy helicopter tour. The Duke of Cambridge and his wife Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, took the baton at the Hamburg Symphony Orchestra's new home.
The art of Kremlinology has moved on since then. And I'm proud to say I've come up with my own 21st Century method for keeping up to date with the current thinking in the corridors of Russian power: it involves walking to the train station opposite the BBC Moscow office, going up to the souvenir stand and looking at the fridge magnets on sale. This week's selection includes several different "Vladimir Putin in military camouflage" magnets, complete with patriotic slogans, like: "Together we are a force to be reckoned with!" and "We will always look out for our guys!"Kremlin policy in
DoneGalway enter into Round 4A of the qualifier series after surrendering their Connacht title to Roscommon.Cian Mulligan is the only injury concern for Donegal with a quad strain.
Ineos wants to conduct seismic surveys at Clumber Park in Nottinghamshire to see if there is potential for fracking.The firm said the charity had blocked any contact for almost a year and it was considering seeking a court order.
Two Canadians who were detained in Beijing, China, have been returned to Canada, officials say.
American Jordan Spieth leads the Open at the halfway stage on six under
Casper Read, 15, was travelling alone to grandparents in France when he was asked to leave the plane after a man was allocated the same seatStephanie Portal, from Worthing, West Sussex, said her son felt "he had been kicked off and cheated".EasyJet has apologised, offered compensation and is investigating.
The Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research will recruit 34 PhD students and six post-doctoral research associates.
Son Son Paul Cooke was jailed for almost 30 years for a robbery and knife attack that led to the death of Ronald Smith
Champions League: Celtic face Rosenborg without Moussa Dembele and Leigh Griffiths. Celtic will be without two of their leading forwards when they take on Rosenborg in the Champions League play-off round at Celtic Park on Wednesday. Celtic are without two key players when they play Rosenborg on Wednesday in the third round of qualifying for the Europa League.Moussa Demmele missed training on Tuesday with a hamstring complaint and will be assessed.Leigh Griffiths is serving a one-game ban for "provoking supporters" in the previous round against Linfield.Erik Sviatchenko is carrying a knock,
Aberdeen 2-1 Apollon Limassol The home side surged to an early lead at Pittodrie when Ryan Christie scored with a header after just four minutes.The Cypriot side grew in confidence and stature in the second half, though, and equalised through Ribeiro Santana.Yet indiscipline cost the visitors, with Esteban Sachetti dismissed before Shinnie's winner.It may have been a rare home European win for the Dons, but given their excellent away form in the Europa League they will be confident of seeing the job through in Larnaca next Thursday night.
Queen's athlete Mitchell has achieved Commonwealth Games consideration standards in the women's 1500m and men's 3,000m.
Pedro is expected to wear a protective mask when he returns to training
San Antonio police say they believe the incident is linked to people smuggling. At least 38 people were trapped inside a tractor-trailer in a Walmart store in San Antonio, Texas, on Saturday night, police said.The driver would be charged in connection with the "horrible tragedy", said police chief William McManus.The US attorney for the Western District of Texas, Richard Durbin, said the authorities were working to identify those responsible for the incident.The victims were brought to the trailer by a man who had approached an employee of the Walmart and asked for water.The trailer was parked outside the Walmart in
More than 80,000 people were in Croke Park for the homecoming show to mark 30 years since The Joshua Tree album
A masked man with a gun entered the premises and left with a sum of cash after demanding money from staff.
A coastguard helicopter from St Athan, in Vale of Glamorgan, flew to the scene on Saturday evening
Dens boss Craig McCann less than impressed by Dens' attitude. Dens manager Craig McCann says his side's attitude was "so unlike what we've been seeing up until now" in the League Cup.
Fresh off the back of their win in the World Wheelchair Basketball, the team is back together, practising and getting ready for their next competition.
Tour de France 2017: Team Sky's Chris Rowe breaks rib in crash. Chris Rowe broke a rib in a crash on the opening stage of the Tour of Britain but rode on to support team leader Chris Froome.
Floating wind turbines will allow wind power to be harvested in waters too deep for the current conventional bottom-standing turbines used.The Peterhead wind farm, known as Hywind, is a trial which will bring power to 20,000 homes.It hopes to cash in on a boom in the technology, especially in Japan and the West coast of the US, where waters are deep.
Trinity have signed Newcastle Knights full-back Tyler Wilson from Newcastle Knights.
Michelle Terry to take over from Emma Rice as Shakespeare's Globe artistic director. Michelle Terry, who has performed at the Globe in As You Like It, A Midsummer Night's Dream and Love's Labour's Lost, will take over as artistic director in April 2018. Actress Michelle Terry has been named as the new artistic director of the London theatre, the Globe.
We've asked BBC Sport readers to predict the top three before every race this season.
Ukraine cyber-attack: 'They burned this resource in order to launch this destructive attack'. Ukraine's largest medical centre has been hit by a massive cyber attack that crippled its IT system for more than 24 hours, forcing doctors to resort to taking records solely by paper and pen for the first time since the mid-1990s.The attack, dubbed NotPetya, crippled the IT system of the Boris Clinic in Kiev, Ukraine's biggest medical centre, forcing radiologists to turn off the body scanners as a precautionary measure after the building's IT system went down at two o'clock in the morning in late
This is why pharmaceutical companies, such as GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Merck, Sanofi and Johnson & Johnson, are now turning to artificial intelligence (AI) to help them.This is the medical term for research carried out by computer, as opposed to "in vitro" - think test tubes - and "in vivo" - testing on animals and humans.As carrying out human clinical trials accounts for the vast bulk of drug discovery cost, the sooner we can identify when something isn't going to work, the less money will be wasted."We're not trying to rule out the uncertainty - this
Gloucestershire v Glamorgan T20: David Miller hits 50 off 33. David Miller celebrates after hitting a fifty off 33 balls to help Glamours to a T20 win over Gloucesterhire.
Eight people were found dead in the vehicle in a Walmart car park in San Antonio, Texas, and 31 others were treated. Two later died in hospital.
Man threatens victim with knife and hands over sum of money. A man has threatened a victim with a knife and handed over a sum of cash during a burglary at a property in south London.
Jerusalem holy site: Israel to replace metal detectors. Israel says it will remove metal detectors at the holy site of Jerusalem's Old City and the al-Aqsa mosque compound. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered the removal of metal detectors installed at the site of the Temple Mount/Haram al-Sharif holy site in Jerusalem. Israel is to remove the metal detectors that were installed at Jerusalem's holy site to prevent weapons being smuggled in, the Israeli prime minister's office has said. Israel has said it will replace the security measures that were put in place after the killing of two Israeli policemen by gunmen on the hill
Hong Kong officials say the area will be considered to be outside the territorial boundary of Hong Kong.Hong Kong has a separate legal system from mainland China, under the One Country Two Systems framework.Under this Basic Law, Hong Kong citizens have a far greater degree of freedom to protest than mainland citizens have, among other differences.Mainland officials also have no jurisdiction in the territory.Critics say the proposal could lead to Hong Kongers being arrested on Hong Kong soil for actions which are legal here, but not in mainland China
The Independent Police Complaints Commission said there were six fatal police shootings between April 2016 to March 2017, up from three in 2015/16.
Janice Farman, originally from Clydebank, was killed at her home in front of her son earlier this month.Her parents said they heard about her death through social media and cannot attend her funeral due to ill health.In a letter to the Mauritian authorities, they said they were unable to travel to the Indian Ocean island due to serious health issues.They wrote: "To us, Janice was an outstanding daughter, a devoted mother and a fiercely loyal friend.We are sure that she will be remembered by many both in Scotland and in Mauritius for the love and care which she extended to people and
Lana Lana Del Rey has been in the studio with Radio 1's Nick Grimshaw, trying to make him giggle while he goes about some serious radio presenting business; and she's daydreaming about her favourite UK delicacy - a sandwich from Pret.It's a rare luxury for someone who's followed by paparazzi and the all-seeing cameras of TMZ when she's at home in California.She addresses the lack of privacy on her new album, Lust For Life, where a song called 13 Beaches finds Del Rey searching for a spot "past Ventura and lenses plenty" where she can enjoy a romantic moment in se
Nile Ranger was jailed for eight months in May after admitting online banking fraud
Great Great Britain Cycling Team for UEC European Road Championships
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is on a two-day tour of Australia.
Mental health services in Wales are "patchy" and patients are waiting for up to 12 months to get treatment, according to figures released by the Welsh Government. The Welsh Government said more money was being ploughed into mental health services and more people were being referred for treatment.
A Scottish Canals team used Google Street View's Trekker camera backpack to capture attractions including the Crinan Canal.
National Lottery support for Aberystwyth University's Old College.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a Ukrainian man who says he was forced to act as a translator for the Einsatzkommando during World War Two.Canada says that when Mr Oberlander applied for entry to Canada in 1954, he obtained his citizenship by knowingly concealing that he had been an auxiliary of the force that operated behind the German army's front line in the Eastern occupied territories.The squad is responsible for killing more than two million people, many of them Jewish people.Mr Oberlander has argued in court that he was conscripted, had no alternative than to work for the Germans, and would have
Wrexham 2-0 Altrincham.
Aberystwyth's National Library of Wales has opened a new exhibition on King Arthur, the mythical chivalric king of Wales, which brings together all the crucial texts which have informed our perception of him for more than a millennium. Arthur was born in Wales in the 4th or 5th Century, but it is not known whether he was born there, or whether he died there.
Fireblade bike has been plagued by mechanical problems.Martin told MCN that he was quitting road racing but he later clarifying his position on Facebook."I've not given up on racing or road racing
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the UK economy grew by 0.3% in the first half of 2017.
The Local Government Association (LGA) says the government needs to find "genuinely new money" to meet its funding pledges.
ICOs should be registered in the same way as securities sales, according to the SEC.
The government introduced fees in 2013 to reduce the number of malicious and weak cases, but that led to a 79% reduction over three years.Trade union Unison argued that the fees prevented workers getting access to justice.
Maya Kantengule was found at the bottom of a swimming pool at Waveney River Centre holiday park in Burgh St Peter, Norfolk, on May 1 2016.
DIY SOS volunteers are transforming the family home of a mother who died from cancer.
Apple was sued in 2014 for allegedly using a technology developed by a professor and his students in its iPhone chips without the University of Wisconsin-Madison's permission.Apple was ordered to pay about $234m (Â£179m) when it lost the patent case.That sum has now been more than doubled because it continued to use the tech.The judge said that additional damages and interest brought the sum owed to.
The bodies of Chris Morrison, 27, from Harris, and Martin Johnstone, 29, from Halkirk, Caithness, were recovered following the sinking. The body of skipper Paul Alliston, 42, from Lewis, was lost during a lifeboat crew's attempts to recover him and remains missing.
The "bio-glue" is incredibly strong, moves with the body and crucially, sticks to wet surfaces.The team at Harvard University have even used it to seal a hole in a pig's heart.Experts have described the glue as "really cool" and said there would be "absolutely huge demand" for it.It could be used as a patch on the skin or as a liquid injected into wounds deeper in the body.There are also ideas about using it as a way of releasing drugs to specific parts of the body or to stick medical devices to organs like those to help the heart beat.The
US sanctions have been imposed on senior Venezuelan officials, including the interior minister and the head of the army, in response to President Nicolas Maduro's planned vote to elect a new constituent assembly.The vote, which Venezuela says will proceed as planned, is to choose the 545 members of a new assembly that would rival the opposition-held National Assembly. The US has imposed sanctions on top Venezuelan officials in retaliation for the planned vote, the US Treasury said on Wednesday.President Nicolas Maduro has accused the US of stoking unrest against his government, but President Trump said last week that Washington "will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles".
Irish Water has said it is prioritising the replacement of a 2.2km water main which burst in County Louth.
Olympic 2016: Adam Peaty narrowly falls short of world record. Britain's world record-holder and double Olympic gold medallist in the men's 100m breaststroke won the 100m freestyle final at the Rio Games. Britain won gold in the 4x100m mixed medley relay final, with defending champions Britain finishing fifth.Media playback is not supported on this device Media playback is also supported on your device Media coverage of the 4 x 100m mixed relay finalMedia playback has also been turned on to listen to the full interview on BBC Radio 5 live's pageMedia coverage is also available on the BBC Sport app
The study excludes Belfast as the authors said data for Northern Ireland was not available.Aberdeen and Edinburgh were both ranked among the ten most affected cities. However the study said both cities are also among the best-placed to respond to any predicted economic turbulence.
The vote came a day after the Senate rejected a plan to repeal and replace the health law with a Republican plan.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says Tottenham's lack of signings is a tragedy. Chelsea boss Conte defends Tottenham's summer transfer spending and says it is a "tragedy" if they fail to win the Premier League title or the Champions League. Chelsea manager Antonio Conita says Tottenham have not spent enough money in the summer transfer window, but insists the club's ambitions are to fight for the title or win the title.
Jerusalem: Israeli security forces have dismantled the last remnants of Israel's recently installed metal detectors near the holy site of Jerusalem.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the removal of the metal detectors was part of a plan to reduce tensions around the site.The Israeli government has not yet commented on its decision to completely dismantle the infrastructure.Israel said the security measures were necessary because the weapons used to kill the police had been smuggled on to the compound.
Airbus says it will cut deliveries of the A380 to 12 in 2018 and eight in 2019. The Airbus A380 has been hit by delays in delivery of US engine-maker Pratt & Whitney's engines for the A320neo aircraft.
Guy Hedger, 61, died in the early hours of 30 April
Justin Bieber has been released from hospital after striking a pedestrian with his car in Los Angeles.The pop star was seen kneeling down on the ground and asking the man: "Is there anything we can do to help you?"
Uefa president Aleksander Ceferin has accepted Villar's resignation as president of the Spanish football federation.
There were 15 escapes from prisons in 2016-17 - up by two on the year before - and the number of prisoners released by mistake rose by seven to 71 - the highest number in any year since current records began in 2006-07 Of those released in error, 58 occurred from prison establishments while 13 were during escort or at courts.
At least five members of an oil exploration team were killed, a spokesman for the University of Maiduguri said.Soldiers and members of a vigilante group also died in the ambush.
Two-year-old Mandarin Princess, trained by Charlie McBride, was declared winner of Thursday's 13:40 race at Great Yarmouth after beating Fyre Cay.But a scan afterwards identified the horse as Millie's Kiss, who had been due to run in a later race at the same course."It's an honest error and no-one stood to gain anything by it," said McBride.McBride told the Racing Post he did not notice it was the wrong horse because he was "stressed and rushing" after being delayed collecting the saddle.
Angel sharks can grow up to about 2.5m (8ft) in length
Great Britain's Seonaid McIntosh wins 50m rifle three positions gold. Great Britain won gold in the women's three positions event at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
The 24-year-old, who has played for Greece at junior level, joins on a free transfer
Hector could make his Tigers debut against Aston Villa on Saturday, 6 August
He was banned in April after being charged with breaking FA rules for placing 1,260 bets on matches between 26 March 2006 and 13 May 2016.Barton, who says he is addicted to gambling, appealed against the length of the ban.
Los Angeles will join the MLS for the 2017-18 season.
Dilapidated windows at HMP Pentonville are worsening a drug problem at the London jail, its Independent Monitoring Board (IMB) said in a report.
The Israeli military said troops shot dead a Palestinian armed with a knife as he ran towards soldiers.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo wins the opening practice session of the Hungarian Grand Prix at the Hungaroring
Use of the drug Spice remains a "blight" within HMP Erlestoke, according to a report.
The BBC has urged Kenyans to verify stories by visiting the BBC website.
Jack Keene, 17, from Hertfordshire, was involved in a collision between a Renault Clio and a minibus on the A4086 near Capel Curig.
Anh Nhu Nguyen, 52, of Beckenham, south-east London, is accused of defrauding charities and Kensington and Chelsea Council.
Two men, aged 23 and 24, had a noxious substance thrown over them at 19:00 BST on Tuesday on Roman Road, Bethnal Green, east London
T20 Blast: Durham Jets beat Leicestershire by 24 runs. Durham Jets claim their first victory of the season after chasing down Leicestertershire's 88-2 thanks to Paul Coughlin (38 not out) and Paul Collingwood (34).
North Korea has launched an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) in defiance of a UN ban, the US and South Korea say. The latest missile was launched at 23:41 (15:41 GMT) from an arms plant in Jagang province in the north of the country, the Pentagon said.
Arsenal are the fourth top-tier side to carry the 'Women' name, with six teams using the 'Ladies' moniker
Burton Albion 0, Cardiff City 1. Kenneth Zohore (Cardiff City) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.Conceded by Stephen Warnock.Foul by Luke Varney (Burton Albion).Sean Morrison wins a free kick in the defensive half.Daniel Mendez-Laing is fouled in the box by Luke Murphy, who sends the ball to the corner of the Cardiff City box.Fouls by Aron Gunnarsson, Luke Murphy and Luke Murphy.Daniel Lloyd-Lloyd (Cardwell City) wins a corner, Danny Dyer, who is fou
Middlesbrough 1, Wolverhampton Wanderers 1: Britt Assombalonga slotted home a late winner to give Wolves a 1-0 win at Molineux. Britt Assomalonga celebrates after scoring the opening goal of the Championship season for Wolves in a 2-1 win over Middlesbrought on by Nuno Espirito Santo. Britt Bonatini scored the opener for Wolves as the visitors held on for a vital 2-0 victory over MiddlesBrough in the Championship on Saturday night.Bonatini celebrates with his team-mates after scoring his side's opening goal in a 1
Morecambe 2, Cheltenham Town 1. Michael Rose (Morecambe) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.Jordan Cranston (Cheltenham town) wins a free kick on the right wing.Foul by Aaron Wildig (MoreCambe).Daniel Wright (Chels Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Aaron Wildig is shown his second yellow card of the game for a foul on Jordan Cranston.Daniel Wright(Chelstown) is given his third yellow card in the game after a foul by Michael Rose.Jordan Wright
Jordan Tillson (Exeter City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left.Lloyd James (Cambridge United) wins a free kick on the right wing.Foul by Liam O'Neil.Jordan McAlinden (Cambridgeshire United) header from the left wing is saved in the centre of the goal.Jordan Moore-Taylor wins a penalty in the penalty box after being fouled by Jake Carroll.Jordan Tillson wins the penalty and sends the ball into the top left corner of the net.Ryan Harley wins the free kick and sends it
Guiseley 2, Ebbsfleet United 2. Reece Thompson (Guiseley).Goal! Reece Thomson (Ebbsfleet Utd).First Half begins.Lineups are announced and players are warming up.First Half ends, GuiseLEY 1, Ebbetsfleet United 0.Goal! Luke Coulson (Ebbesfleet United) is shown the yellow card.  Reece Thornton (EBbsfleet Untd).Second Half begins, EBBESFLEET UNITED 0, GUISELEY 1.  Euan Frank Mulhern replaces Raul Correia.Second Half ends
A man has been arrested in connection with an armed robbery outside a Tesco store in Shettleston.The robber took the money box before making off in a small white car, later found burnt out nearby.Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.It is believed there was a second man driving the vehicle, although police have yet to provide a description.Det Insp Clark Hill said: "Due to the fact that it was believed that a firearm was present, our armed response units also attended but have since stood down."The suspect knew very well when the van would be there.
Kenya's deputy president William Ruto and his family were not at the compound near the western city of Eldoret at the time.Specialist troops had been deployed to deal with the intruder, who was hiding in a partially-constructed building.Earlier reports suggested a number of gunmen had entered Mr Ruto's home.
Rash Rashan Charles, 20, was wrestled to the ground in Dalston, east London, on 22 July, and died about an hour later.Mr Charles was pursued by officers and became ill after trying to swallow an object, the Met has said.He died soon after in hospital.On Friday, clashes broke out in Hackney as protesters blocked part of Kingsland Road and set mattresses alight.At one point protesters, some wearing masks, jumped on to a lorry and clung to the wing mirrors as it drove through the barricade.Scores of missiles were later launched at police as they attempted to disperse
Germany 1, Denmark Women 2: Nadia Nadim equalises in extra time. Germany's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Women's World Cup were ended by a late goal from Denmark's Theresa Nielsen as the two sides played to a 2-2 draw at the Rotterdam Arena. Germany were knocked out of the World Cup by Denmark after a dramatic extra-time equaliser in the quarter-final of the women's tournament. Germany 1-2 Denmark in the semi final of the European Women's Cup after a late header from Theresa Nielsen gave Denmark a 1-1 draw in the final on Sunday. Germany
South Africa v England: Steve Smith wants Keaton Jennings to play in final Test. South Africa captain Graeme Smith says England should consider dropping opening partner Jonny Bairstow in the final Test against Australia after he was out for 48 on the fourth morning of the third day at The Oval. England's opening partner opens the batting in the third Test against South Africa and Steve Smith says it is time to make a change.
DenmarkDenmark's best effort of the opening half fell to Rosengard's Troelsgaard, whose angled left-foot strike struck the barAustria's best chance of the match came off the crossbarDenmark also went close in normal time through Sanne TroelgaardDenmark will face the hosts in the final after their 3-0 win over England in the second semi-finalDenmark, beaten at the last-four stage four years ago, were second best to the unfancied Austrian side during the first 45 minutesDominik Thalhammer's side should have taken the lead when they were awarded a penalty in
Rangers forward Glen Windass celebrates scoring his first goal for the club in pre-season. Rangers forward Glenn Windass has scored a goal in his first game for the Ibrox side since joining from Accrington Stanley in the summer of 2016.
Police in Nigeria have arrested two men suspected of engaging in acts of homosexuality in a hotel in Lagos, the capital of Lagos State. They are due to appear in court later.Nigeria has an influential Christian evangelical movement in the south and strong support for Islamic law in the north.
Birmingham City: Harry Redknapp wants more additions before season begins. Birmingham City have added goalkeeper David Stockdale, defender Marc Roberts and midfielder Cheikh N'Doye to their squad ahead of the start of the Championship season.
HBO has been hacked by hackers who claim to have stolen episodes of Game of Thrones and Ballers and Room 104 from the company's servers, it has been reported.The group says it has 1.5 terabytes of the company’s data and has posted episodes of Ballers and Room 104 online.It added that more material would be released "soon".In an email published by Entertainment Weekly, the hackers appeared to offer more details in exchange for favourable coverage.Hi to all mankind," they wrote. "The greatest leak of cyber space era is happening.
The Nasdaq was little changed, falling less than 0.1% to 2,470.30.
Discovery and Scripps Networks Interactive announced a $14.6bn deal to create a media company with a global content engine that can be fully optimised and monetised across our combined networks, products and services.
The new system has already been used on a trial basis in some international tournaments by Uefa during the summer.
Hearts sign Den Haag striker Kristoffer Johnsen. Hearts sign Denmark international Kristoffer Johnssen from Dutch side Denhaag on a season-long loan deal.
Accrington Stanley 3, Preston North End 2: Billy Kee and Jordan Clark equalise in extra-time. Accrington  Stanley  beat Preston  North End 3-2 in extra time to reach the EFL Cup semi-finals after extra time following a 2-2 draw in the second leg of the League Two play-off semi-final between the two sides. Billy Kee    scored the opening goal of the game in the first half to give Accrington a 1-1 draw with Preston   Preston North   in the opening day of League Two.  Accrington's Jordan Clark (Acc
Macclesfield Town 1, Hartlepool United 0. Jake Cassidy scores his first goal of the season as Macclesford Town beat Hartleport United 1-0 at Moss Rose on Saturday.Jake Cassidy scores the opening goal of his first season as a professional footballer for the Cumbrians.Jake Cassidy (Hartlepool) is shown the yellow card.Tyrone Marsh (Macclesfield) is given a straight red card.Liam Donnelly (Mcclesfield United) is sent off.Koby Arthur replaces Elliott Durrell. Kieran Kennedy replaces George Pilkington.Scott Wilson replaces Scott Burgess.
The death toll has doubled over the last two days as officials found more than 100 bodies.
This image was made with a single shot, with no composite or clipping in the process.The Milky Way rises above a small radio telescope at Miyun Station, National Astronomical Observatory of China, Beijing, in Haitong Yu's photograph.The image depicts light pollution, which together with electromagnetic noise, has turned many optical and radio observatories near cities both blind and deaf.To make this image, Haitong used a light-pollution filter and stacked multiple frames to show the Milky Way above the city light.This image was composed from six different exposures due to the high ISO camera setting and thermal noise in the foreground
Halifax 22-14 Fax. Kieren Moss crossed twice to give Halifax an early lead at Craven Park.
The 51-year-old admitted making recordings of people sunbathing nude and swinger friends having sex in their back garden, with four other men cleared at Sheffield Crown Court of misconduct in a public office.
Saudi Arabia to develop Red Sea tourist zone. Saudi Arabia is to develop a new tourist zone along 125 miles (200km) of its western coastline, according to the Kingdom's Vision 2030 fund. The Kingdom's tourism project is part of a plan, known as Vision 2030, spearheaded by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who is the first in line to the Saudi throne.
The boy, 17, shocked passengers on board the Copa Airlines flight from Panama City as he flung the door open before leaping out on Tuesday.He was confronted by construction staff working nearby and held until police arrived to arrest him.
At least seven people, including two police officers, have been killed in the clashes, Reuters news agency said.Local activists say Saudi forces have been firing randomly towards homes and cars, and that buildings have been damaged or burned.
The skins of insects have been found on Winmarleigh Moss, near Garstang.
Joe Robinson, 24, who lives in Leeds, was with his fiancÃ©e Mira Rojkan and her mother when they were arrested in the coastal town of Didim.He is thought to be under suspicion of sharing material on social media from his time in Syria with Kurdish militia.Mr Robinson previously served in Afghanistan with the British Army, but in 2015 he travelled to Syria and spent time with Kurdish rebels the YPG who are fighting against so-called Islamic State (IS).He spoke openly about his experiences in newspaper reports at the time.The YPG is considered by Turkey to be an offshoot of the Kurdish
The number of people with sight problems is expected to rise to more than 550 million by 2050, according to a new study.A growing ageing population is behind the rising numbers.Some of the highest rates of blindness and vision impairment are in South Asia.
David Dingledine is one of the most controversial people in the world.He is the co-creator of Tor, the most popular software available for gaining access to the part of the internet unreachable using a conventional browser - including what is often referred to as the dark or underground web.To some, Tor is a menace: a (largely) impenetrable system that enables some of the worst crimes to take place on the internet.To others, it is a lifeline, the only way to safely access the online services that most of us take for granted.Dingledine would rather we talked
Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull - the breakout stars of the last series of the BBC Two quiz show - are getting behind the microphone.
Breastfeeding is all a baby needs in the first six months, providing them with all the vital nutrients to grow healthily. It can also provide health benefits for mothers. The Fed Is Best campaign said clinically safe feeding "comes in a variety of forms".
Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain: Uefa says club will face sanctions if they fail to abide by Financial Fair Play rules. PSG have signed Barcelona star Neymar for a world record £198m (£198m) in a deal that will see the French club pay the Brazilian star that amount in wages over a five-year contract, as well as hefty fees to his father who is his agent and insurance premiums to protect their investment.
Katy Bethel was six months pregnant with her fourth child when the Mercedes van she was in was stopped for border checks, the jury was told on Thursday.When Harris was asked to open the van doors a police officer glimpsed a person's legs, and discovered 12 people concealed amongst tyres in the back of the van.
Michael Gove said the UK would become an "independent coastal state" after leaving the EU, which would allow it to extend control of its waters up to 200 miles from its coastline.He said that some access would therefore be granted to vessels from other countries.He was speaking during a fact-finding mission to Denmark, which was largely focused on the Danish food industry.The Danish fishing industry is currently highly-dependent on fish caught in UK territorial waters.The meeting was attended by Niels Wichmann, chief executive of the Danish Fishermen organisation, who told BBC Scotland that there was no suggestion from Mr Gove
Police probed reports hounds filled a street in Macclesfield, Cheshire, in February.
Ian Paterson, 59, who appeared at the Court of Appeal via video link, was told his current sentence was "not sufficient" to reflect the seriousness and the totality of his offending
Gunners owner Stan Kroenke has ordered the MyOutdoorTV app in the UK and Canada to remove all content related to trophy hunting, the company behind the app has said.The company, which is based in Colorado, is owned by the billionaire owner of Arsenal Football Club, who is also the chief executive of Outdoor Sportsman Group, which runs TV stations including The Outdoor Channel and World Fishing Network.The app is not available in every country, partly for reasons of ownership rights, but also in some cases because of local tastes.Its website illustrates this, pointing out that some TV shows that are popular with members
Culture Secretary Karen Bradley said the money would be given "to develop inspirational projects that could have a transformative local effect".
Joshua and Ortiz have 30 days from 3 August to agree the fight.
Bristol Rovers sign Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford on loan from Blackpool. Ryan Sweeney (left) joins Stoke City on a season-long loan from Bristol City.
US stocks close at record for the eighth consecutive day. The Dow Jones closed at a record for a record eighth straight day, while the Nasdaq rose to a new high.
Peter Bunyan, 53, of Brooklands Road, Cosby, pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility
Nottingham Forest sign Josh Yates from Barrow. Josh Yates signs for Nottingham Forest ahead of Saturday's season opener at Coventry.
Po Poppy Cleall has been called up as a replacement for Emily Scarratt.
A former head of Volkswagen's engineering and environmental office in the US has pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the US and violating the Clear Air Act. He faces up to seven years in prison, and up to $400,000 in fines.
Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK where same-sex marriage is still banned.
Joshua Bwalya was found dead in the street when officers were called to Movers Lane, Barking, at about 01:00 BST
Bristol Rovers 1, Peterborough United 4: Jack Marriott scores treble as Posh win 3-1. Jack Marriott scored his third goal of the season as Peterborough  United beat Bristol  Rovers 4-1 in the FA Cup fourth round tie at the John Smith's Stadium.    Jack Marriott (Peterborough United) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is saved in the bottom left corner.Jack Marriott (Posh) header from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Lee Brown with a cross.   Bristol Roavers 1,  Peterborough
Scott Pitman (Livingston) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.Scott Pitman is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.Dylan Mackin (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.Foul by Craig Halkett (Livingstone).Foul is shown for a foul on Scott Robinson.Scott Robinson is shown a yellow card in the defensive half.Scott Morton (Livingst) left footed free kick from a difficult angle and long range on the right is too high from a direct free kick.Dale Carrick (Livingest) wins
A 28-year-old man was arrested by police in the early hours on suspicion of drink driving
Alex Alex Hales hits nine sixes and nine fours to take Notts to 106-0 off the first six overs at Trent Bridge.Hales, 28, almost equalled Chris Gayle's fastest-ever T20 century, which came off 30 deliveries, but top-edged James Weighell to the wicketkeeper.Notts chased down Durham's 183-7 in just 13.5 overs to win by five wickets.Nottinghamshire's 106 runs in the Powerplay overtook the previous best of 105-0 made by Kolkata Knight Riders against Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL earlier
Glasgow Hockey: Scotland face France, Portugal and Ukraine. Scotland forward Chris Forsyth says home advantage does help the Blue Sticks in their bid to win promotion to the top tier of the European Hockey League. Scotland striker Chris Grassick says the Scots head into the tournament buoyed by confidence.
Usain Bolt's defeat by Justin Gatlin in the last individual 100m he will ever run proved several things: that sport has less time for happy endings than scripted dramas; that time catches up even with someone who has made it his business escaping it; and that even the biggest party can be pooped if you let the wrong characters in.Media playback is not supported on this device "Usain! Usain!
Three US Marines have been killed in a helicopter crash off the east coast of Australia, the US military says.The MV-22 Osprey is a tilt-rotor aircraft similar to a conventional plane but has helicopter-like rotor blades which allow it to take off vertically, without a runway.There were 26 people on board including the crew.Australia's Daily Telegraph newspaper quoted military sources as saying the aircraft had been trying to land on the USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier.US military forces have been operating in the area as part of a joint training exercise called Talisman Sabre.
The Joiners Arms, in Hackney Road, east London, shut in 2015.
Sri Lanka v India: India win first Test. India win the first Test of the three-match series against Sri Lanka in Galle.
David Harris, 68, who had become "besotted" with another woman, was found guilty of offering to pay an undercover policeman £150,000 to murder Hazel Allinson.
Latham smashed Colin Ackermann for six to reach his hundred but was caught behind off Neil Dexter for 124.
Moeen Ali hits 59 as England wobble to 153-7 against South Africa. South Africa are bowled out for 226 on day three of the third Test against England at Edgbaston. England captain Joe Root's side wobbled to 153 in their second innings before Moeen Mahendra Singh Dhoni's 59-ball knock took them to 224-8 before rain forced an early close. England bowled South Africa to 226 in their first innings and will begin day four on day four 360 runs behind. England skipper Joe Root watches on as Moeen Mohammed hits 59 to take his side to 153 for seven before
Afghan security forces have reported that a checkpoint manned by local police was attacked in the Mirzawalang area of Sar-e Pul province.The assailants then entered the village and shot dead mainly Shia Muslim civilians including women and children, a spokesman for the provincial governor said.
Nice finished third in Ligue 1 last season and face a two-legged play-off against Napoli.
Wheelchair mixed doubles final at the British Open. Wheelchair women's doubles finalist Samantha Shuker and France's Stephane Houdet won the mixed doubles at the London Paralympics on Sunday to secure a place in the semi-finals of the wheelchair mixed doubles event at this year's British Open.Shuker, 37, won the women's mixed doubles with compatriot Andy Lapthorne in 2015, when the event was last held at Wimbledon.Wheelchair women's doubles finalists Sam Stosur and Bethanie Mathewson of the USA won the men's doubles title at the
A Spanish teacher has been arrested on suspicion of sending sexually explicit images of underage girls to people on the internet.
Most of the 15 volunteers detained in Ragusa have admitted starting fires deliberately
Finding My Family - Partition: A Newsround special on CBBC.
Chris Reid could make his debut for the U's in Wednesday's EFL Cup first-round tie against Aston Villa.
The Scottish airline believes the flights will attract passengers working in the offshore energy industries
Chelsea striker Eniola Aluko says she felt 'undermined and belittled' by England manager Mark Sampson. Chelsea player Eniola aluko claims she felt undermined and belittleled by England staff and claims their negative bias contributed to her not being picked for Euro 2017. Chelsea striker Elinor Aluko has agreed to pay the Football Association £40,000 after making allegations of bullying and harassment against England manager and his staff.
Celtic Celtic are in talks to sign Nice midfielder Patrick Roberts, according to reports.The 20-year-old spent 18 months with the Scottish champions but is also wanted by Nice and at least two English Premier League clubs.Celtic assistant Chris Davies confirmed on Monday that his club maintain "a constant dialogue" with Roberts."There is always going to be a home for him here if that suits everybody," Davies said."They have been talking and the situation is always open to a certain extent because the transfer window is still open."We've got the players that are with us working and fighting right now, we've been scoring and creating
Stoke sign Eric Choupo-Moting from Schalke.
Walt Disney World has installed a memorial to a two-year-old boy who died after he was dragged underwater by an alligator at the resort's Seven Seas Lagoon.
Craig Gardner (Birmingham City) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.Offside,  Bolton Wanderers.Jacob Le Fondre (Bolton Wanderers) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left.Foul by Maikel Kieftenbeld.Faul by Craig Gardner.Ful by Craig Gardener.Craig Gardner.Craig Gardner. Craig Gardner. Craig Gardner: Craig Gardner wins a free kick in the attacking half.Fouled by Adam Londre.FOUL by Craig Garner.Craig Garner. Craig Gardner
A couple who claimed to have reached the summit of Mount Everest has been charged with "misleading information" and "brought disrepute to the Maharashtra Police department".
The UN human rights team says that the Venezuelan security forces are responsible for at least 46 deaths which occurred in protest-related violence in the past four months.The report, released on Tuesday, says that "there has been a clear pattern of excessive force used against protesters".The report says that there has been "a clear pattern" of excessive use of force by security forces against demonstrators in the country.It says that more than 5,000 people had been arbitrarily detained between 1 April, when the protests began, and 31 July.
Presidio Terrace is now owned by two investors, Tina Lam and Michael Cheng, who snapped up the private road for about $90,000 (£69,039, €76,203)The street - parking, pathways and all - was sold by the city over a $14-a-year tax which went unpaid for decadesWealthy residents say they knew nothing about the sale until it was doneThe result is that residents no longer own the road, pavements, trees, or any of the common land - and might have to pay its new owners for parkingThe terrace, an oval-shaped private compound
Uganda's Mubende gold fields: The gold rush. The gold fields of Mubende, in the northern part of the country's capital, Kampala, are the heartland of Uganda's gold rush. The mines are a four-hour drive from the capital, and the only road in is a bumpy dirt track.People are stranded on the road with mattresses, jerry cans, saucepans and children.A few days ago Ugandan soldiers armed with tear gas shut down the Mubende mines. The miners and their families were told they had just hours to evacuate the area.Many are still looking for
The report suggests the high audition costs for drama school is one of several factors deterring people from working class backgrounds from entering the arts.It also recommends more school trips to the theatre to encourage young pupils.
The Department of Health announced in October it planned to add up to 1,500 more places each year - a boost of 25% on current student doctor numbers.
Karl Haugh, 25, was stabbed in a laneway in the Marian estate in the early hours of Sunday.
IS filmed the killings, at the former US base of Camp Speicher, near Tikrit, in an early piece of shock propaganda
Two small eels were found in a routine fish survey on the River Tud, a tributary of the Wensum in Norfolk.Increased numbers have also been seen at the New Mills fish pass in Norwich.
Uefa Under-19 Women's World Cup: Northern Ireland 1-1 Spain. Northern Ireland hold on to beat Spain 1-0 in the first round of the Women's Under-20 World Cup at the Ballymena Showgrounds in Northern Ireland to reach the semi-finals of the tournament.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has threatened to launch a missile at Guam, a US territory in the Pacific Ocean, as tensions between the US and North Korea continue to escalate.The threat comes as US President Donald Trump continues to criticise North Korea for its "unhelpful" tweeting on the matter and urges the regime to "explore every avenue" to peacefully respond.It is not the first time the small island has found itself named as a potential target for North Korean rockets - aside from US military bases in South Korea or Japan, the Pacific island is the closest target for Pyongyang should the regime want to attack
Japanese carmaker Mazda has announced the world's first commercial petrol engine to use compression ignition.The Skyactiv-X, as it is known, is up to 30% more fuel-efficient than its current engines.The technology breakthrough puts the firm ahead of rivals including Daimler and General Motors that have worked on compression ignition for decades. The company said the compression ignition engine combined the advantages of petrol and diesel engines to improve efficiency.It has no plans to supply the engine to other carmakers.The move comes as the car industry pours massive investment into electric technology in response to stricter emissions standards around the world.
A man has been charged and another man arrested in connection with the first attack, which is being treated as a separate incident.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken for the first time about a time she was fat-shamed on set by one of her male co-stars.She told Variety: "This guy that was my love interest.
A 23-year-old woman from Clacton and a man aged 21 were arrested and released under investigation.
"To convince someone it's a real person is a great achievement, although I would like to apologise to the poor person who called it in."
Owls sign Wildsmith on long-term deal.
When I fly, my chair goes in the hold. On two successive trips in 2013, to Dublin and Barcelona, it came off the flight home making a foreboding rattling sound. When I came to reassemble my chair after I arrived in Portugal last week, the motor had been bent out of shape. Five of my friends could not reattach it to the manual frame.(EasyJet says it is "very rare" for its ground handling companies to damage wheelchairs. When it does happen, they say, they arrange for repairs and a replacement chair. The airline also points out its customer satisfaction amongst passengers
Isaac Makwala: 'My heart was breaking' after being denied entry to 400m final in London. I was told I was not allowed to run by the IAAF because of a norovirus outbreak in Botswana. "I have to trust my doctors. My role is to ensure the healthcare of all the athletes here.
MoreMore than half of cabin crew who responded to a survey said they had witnessed disruptive drunken passenger behaviour at UK airportsThe Home Office is "considering" calls for tougher rules on alcoholThe arrest figures obtained by Panorama came from 18 out of the 20 police forces with a major airport in their areaA total of 19,000 of the Unite union's cabin crew members were surveyed and 4,000 responded, with one in five saying they had suffered physical abuseA former cabin crew manager with Virgin, Ally Murphy, quit her job last October after 14 years and told Panorama: "People just see us as barmaids
Conor McGregor has submitted a necessary waiver to the Nevada Athletic Commission to allow him to use 8oz gloves in his fight with Floyd Mayweather in August.McGregor, 29, will make his boxing debut in what could be the richest fight in history.The UFC lightweight champion's move from the octagon to the ring to face Mayweather, 40, has prompted criticism from major boxing personalities such as Oscar De La Hoya and Gennady Golovkin.But Bennett says he studied a "litany of information" on the Irishman before telling his chairman there were "several reasons to approve the fight".Bennett said
Two men in their 40s went missing as they climbed the 4,248-metre (13,937ft) Mont Blanc du Tacul
Craig Church died after falling down several flights of stairs in the apartment block where he lived in eastern China.He had been working as an English language teacher at a primary school in Rui'an for the past two years.
Annan Athletic failed to receive an end of season payment from the Scottish Premier League.
Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha says his players are "believing in themselves as a team" ahead of Saturday's visit of Hibs. Rangers manager Pedro Caisinha insists his side are not interested in using previous injuries as a motivation ahead of their Scottish Premiership clash with Hibs on Saturday. Rangers boss Paul Caisínha says the players are not "chasing perfection" as they look to build on their impressive start to the season.
The attack began on Monday morning, but ended shortly after 21:00 local time (1900 BST).
Gillingham boss Steve Pennock wants more signings. GillingHAM boss Steve Pinnock wants to add two or three more players to his squad this summer, but says he is still on the lookout for new additions.
He was found not guilty of common assault and two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm.
The men's single scull event at the 2017 World Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton takes place between 24 September and 1 October.
Jason Manford turned to Facebook after he said his dad "couldn't even get a job cleaning floors at Aldi".He said he was "absolutely crazy watching people close to me trying to get jobs".Many of the replies to the post highlighted the problems of older people finding work.Age UK's spokesperson, Caroline Abrahams said employers shouldn't ignore the older workforce."Knowledge, talent and ambition don't disappear because people reach a certain age, so it is very disappointing that older workers face so many ageist barriers in the workplace."We are all living longer and working lives are extending - by 2020 State Pension age
A letter sent by party activists in north Wales claimed Michelle Brown has been "abrasive and discourteous" to them.
Martin De Roon: Middlesbrough confirm interest in signing Chelsea midfielder Lewis Baker.
Hibs news: Scott Graham signs two-year contract with Gloucestershire Town.
The new £10 note features images of Scottish mathematician and astronomer Mary Somerville, her hometown of Burntisland in Fife, and two otters.The new note was designed by the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) and is the bank's most advanced note yet.It is the first polymer £20 note to feature the face of a woman, and the first to feature a woman in the solar system.The bank said the new note is designed to be "a symbol which lives in people's pockets and touches everyday lives".It is designed by RBS and the Royal Astronomical Society of Scotland.
Stevie May: Aberdeen sign former St Johnstone forward on four-year deal. Aberdeen have signed former Scotland international Stevie May on a four-and-a-half-year contract at Aberdeen on a free transfer.
T20 Blast South Group: Hampshire beat Glamorgan by six runs at Lord's. Middlesex beat Hampshire by two runs to move to within a point of Sussex at the top of the South Group table.
Mortgage lending fell to £2.4bn in the April-to-June quarter, down from £3.
London Underground said the fire was caused by an electrical fault. The station was evacuated shortly before 09:00 BST and trains did not stop at the station for nearly two hours.London Ambulance Service said it treated four people at Oxford Circus for smoke inhalation, two of whom were taken to hospital as a precaution.
Ronald Chigunwe worked for Wessex Heartbeat, which supports the cardiac centre at Southampton General Hospital.
BBC One drama Doctor Foster returns to BBC One next month. The second series of Doctor Foster, starring Gemma Jones and Bertie Carvel, takes up the action as Simon and Gemma's estranged husband Simon return to the fictional town of Parminster, where she lives and works. Doctor Foster is based on the real-life story of Gemma Foster and her ex-husband Simon (Mike Bartlett), who split up when Gemma became pregnant with their son, Tom, in 2010.The first series of the drama saw Gemma and her son together, seeing her former husband with his pregnant new partner.The second series
Tata Steel was fined £930,000 and ordered to pay costs of £70,000, at a hearing at Hull Crown Court.
Japanese knotweed is one of the most common invasive species in the UK.Click here to view full NBN map of the UK, then zoom in to your areaThe North Wales section of the NBN map (above) shows how knotweed spreads along the course of rivers and canals.The map shows more than 43,000 historical records for the plant, going back to 1900.The data provided by the PlantTracker app is also added to the National Biodiversity Network (NBN) atlas, which aims to track the whereabouts of all the UK's plants and animals, from bee orchids to gosh
"of the person your spouse has committed adultery with".Family lawyers say that, in most cases, involving a third party adds "conflict and complexity".The Ministry of Justice said there was.
Gwilym Joseph MBE served Swansea City for nearly 50 years. Swansea City chairman Huw Jenkins has paid tribute to the club stalwart who died early on Friday.
Grenfell Tower fire inquiry: Sir Martin Moore-Bick sent the letter late on Thursday following weeks of discussion with survivorsThere has been controversy over Sir Martin's suitability for the role and the areas the inquiry will cover.The inquiry is due to start in September. Sir Martin has previously said an interim report could be produced within a year.Downing Street said: "The prime minister has received the letter and will consider it and respond shortly."
Anne Marie Waters, a former Labour activist and founder of the Sharia Watch pressure group, has previously called Islam "evil".Her leadership bid has split the party, with some MEPs threatening to quit if she was allowed into the race.
An inky and foul-smelling cloud of water appeared at the base of Niagara Falls on 29 July 2017.
A man has been arrested in connection with a shooting that led to dozens of nudist sunbathers fleeing a popular Italian beach.
Peter Wrighton: Body of 83-year-old found in Norfolk woodland. The body of a man in his 50s seen changing into a t-shirt has been found three miles south of East Harling in Norfolk.
Roger Hamer, died from head injuries, a month after the accident on Bury New Road, Ramsbottom, in March 2016.
Welsh flying medics service to bring critical care closer to people. South and mid Wales have had the Emergency Medical Retrieval and Transfer Service Cymru since 2015.
Venezuela's military chief has said the leaders and masterminds of a paramilitary and terrorist attack on a military barracks in the southern city of Valencia have been arrested.The 6 August incident raised tensions in the divided country, where critics of President Maduro say he is trying to cement a dictatorship.The US has led a chorus of international alarm against the Maduro government in recent weeks, and has imposed sanctions on several high-ranking Venezuelans - including the president.President Donald Trump said on Friday that he had not ruled out "a possible military option if necessary" against Venezuela.The White House said Mr Maduro had requested a phone call with his US
Peterborough United 2, Rotherham United 1: Jack Marriott hits opener and winner in ABAX Stadium thriller. Jack Marriott scores his fifth goal in two games as Peterborough  United    2-1   win over RotherHAMMOUTH  . Peterborough captain Jack Marriott celebrates after hitting the opener and winning goal for Peterborough in a thrilling 2-2 draw with ROTHERHAM United.Peterborough United striker Jack Marriott fires home a low shot from outside the box to the top left corner of the net to put Peterborough ahead in a thriller.  Peterborough defender Jack Marriott
Dunfermline Athletic 3, Falkirk 1: Declan McManus and Joe Cardle put the Pars 2-0 up in 11 minutes. The Pars are second top of the table after beating Falkirk 3-1 at the Bairns on Saturday.    Dunfermarline Athletic 2,  Falkirk  1.   First Half ends, Dunfermetline Athletic 1,   Falkirk 0.  First half ends,  Duncan McAuley (Dunfermetric Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner.
The Derry Memorial Parade is one of the biggest parades held annually in Derry, Northern Ireland.
Hibs 3-2 Rangers. Hibs boss Neil Lennon says his side deserved to win at Ibrox after they came from behind to beat Rangers.Newly-promoted Hibs are among four teams with 100% Premiership records after two matches.
Trevor Deely, 22, was last seen walking home from a Christmas party in December 2000.
EuroHockey: Scotland 2-1 win over Wales. Scotland beat Wales in the final quarter to win the bronze medal match at the Euro Hockey Championships.
ChelseaChelsea have signed four players for a combined £129m but have seen a greater number leave, including John Terry and Nemanja Matic
The bus was popping and banging as the fire took hold. The driver did really, really well.
A man has died after being pulled from the water at a lifeboat open day in Bangor.He was then taken to Ysbyty Gwynedd, Bangor, by a UK Coastguard helicopter, with his condition unknown.North Wales Police is investigating the incident and has appealed for witnesses.Organisers had earlier warned about safety in the water on its Facebook page, imposing a speed restriction on boats travelling to the event.They had said: "From past experience, we are expected to have over 100 vessels.Some will be kayaks with children on board, water safety is very important.
It is, of course, very early days. But should Antonio Conte be worried?History suggests he should.It's been eight years since a side staged a successful defence of the Premier League title, Manchester United under Sir Alex Ferguson in 2008-09.And going back even further, since 2006-07 the Scot is one of only two managers - along with Manchester City's Manuel Pellegrini - to win the title and still be in his job come the end of the following May.There's also David Moyes, who took over a side just crowned champions under the retiring Ferguson but who failed to make it to the
Mo Farah: Britain's Farah takes silver at London Stadium in final major track championships. Britain's men win silver in the 4x100m relay and Ethiopia's Muktar Edris wins gold in the 10,000m.
Caroline Wozniacki beats Sloane Stephens 6-2 6-3 to reach the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto.
Wales lost their EuroHockey Championship II final to Scotland, but both teams have reached the A DivisionClements says doing so has been a "challenge" on a limited budget, but feels it will bring benefitsMedia playback is not supported on this device
Nigel Nigel Farage's former deputy, Joanna Waters, has launched a bid to become UKIP's next leader.Ms Waters, who founded the Sharia Watch pressure group, is one of 11 candidates in the race.Her bid has split the party, with many angry she has been allowed to run.Former Labour activist Ms Waters believes her anti-Islam message, including a proposed ban on burkas, the closure of sharia councils and a temporary freeze on all immigration, will appeal to many voters.She has argued UKIP could regain support if it had the "guts" to be "honest about Islam" and challenge the view that
Former Strictly Come Dancing contestant Susannah Gallacher charged with drink driving. Susannah Gallagher has been charged with one count of driving a motor vehicle when alcohol level was above the legal limit.
Copenhagen police say they are preparing themselves for the possibility that Kim Wall may not be found alive. A Danish woman who went missing on board a submarine has been found dead, police say.Kim Wall, 30, was last seen on Thursday evening on board the vessel with the owner, 46-year-old Peter Madsen.
KeKeiron Cunningham replaces Derek Beaumont as head of rugby at Leigh Centurions. Keiron Cunningham has been appointed as the new head of Rugby at Leigh centurions.
I'm gutted I'm going to be missing it. I think I've got at least two, even three more Olympics in me. Certainly, so much scope for the future."
Dana was transported to the Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four other lions, two bears and two tigers in a three-month operation organised by the animal welfare charity Four Paws.Staff found the cub, who they named Hajar, in her cage on Saturday.They are now waiting to see whether Dana will give birth to a second cub.
Glenavon boss Paul Heatley says Warrenpoint have done fantastic to come back up straight away.Glenavon will hope to build on their win at Warrenpoint in the Mourneview Park game against Ballinamallard United.Ballymena and Carrick will be eager to chalk up a first win of the campaign when they meet at Belfast Loughshore Arena.Cliftronville also caught the eye at the weekend with Barry Gray enjoying a winning start to his managerial reign at Solitude.The Blues will travel to face a Coleraine side missing the suspended Steven Douglas after his dismissal in Saturday's
Jamaican-American athlete Michelle Richards-Ross says she had a termination a day before leaving for Beijing 2008, where she won a gold and bronze medal.She later claimed that every female athlete she knows has had an abortion but the issue is "not talked about".
Badminton World Championships: Chris Adcock and Gabby Adcock confident of medal challenge. Britain's Gabby and Chris Adcocks are confident of a medal at the World Championships in Glasgow as they look to defend their badminton world title.
Kenya opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for a nationwide strike to protest against the results of last week's presidential election.At least 24 people have been killed in violence since the 8 August election, the Kenya National Commission on Human Rights has said.
Margaret Henderson-McCarroll pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Eddie Girvan on the grounds of diminished responsibility in MayThe 31 year old, who has 100 previous convictions, was told she must serve three years in prisonSentencing her, Mr Justice Treacy said it was "an horrific crime".Speaking in court on Monday, he said the victim "must have suffered terribly".Mr Girvan was found dead at his Greenisland home in County AntrimHe had been stabbed in the chest and suffocated after being gagged with kitchen roll and a tie to stop him calling out for helpThe court had heard previously that either injury could
Highways England plans to "increase capacity and reduce congestion" between Worthing and Lancing.
Yids Yiadom: Leeds boss Paul Heckingbottombottom says he 'won't have Yids until I'm told different'. Leeds manager Paul Heckingsbottom has said he will not have Yidid Yidom until he is told his future at the club is in limbo.
Kim Briggs, 44, suffered brain injuries, including two skull fractures and died in hospital days later
A Chilean court has upheld a prison sentence for a German man convicted of helping to run a Nazi-style commune in southern Chile. Hopp worked with Paul SchÃ¤fer, a former Nazi soldier who founded the commune.
A father and his two children have been reported missing from their home in Hove, Sussex, after they went off to go to a day nursery but did not return home.Police are searching the local area and are keen to hear from anyone who has spotted Robert and his children.
Sheffield United 1, Leicester City 3. Ahmed Musa (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Ben Chilwell (Sheffield United) left footed cross from the left side of the penalty area is saved by Ben Hamer.Ben Hamer (Sheampton Town) saves a header from the right wing by Jake M Wright.Conceded by Chris Basham.Ben Shotton (Sheam United) header from outside the box is blocked by Jake Eastwood.Chris Basham (Sheams United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.Ben
Watford 2, Bristol City 3. Watford's Etienne Capoue scored early in the second half, but Freddie Hinds and Bobby Reid responded for City.Eliasson netted a breakaway goal to put the game beyond Watford.Hornets defender Jose Holebas was sent off in the 88th minute before Niclas Eliasson increased the visitors' lead in stoppage time.Adrian Mariappa scored a 95th-minute consolation as Watford fell to their first defeat under boss Marco Silva.The Portuguese made six changes to his side after their league win over Bournemouth on Saturday,
Bill Gates remains the world's richest person, despite giving away 64 million shares in Microsoft. Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has become the richest person in the world after giving away $64m worth of shares in the software giant.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has criticised the UK government's plans for an "ambitious new customs arrangement" after the UK leaves the European Union.The UK government is expected to outline its plans for the future customs arrangements with the EU in a new paper published on Thursday.The paper says the UK would be able to negotiate its own international trade deals, which it cannot currently do as a customs union member.It also says that the UK could ask Brussels to establish a "temporary customs union" after it leaves the EU.
Europe's largest one-day sale of hill sheep.
Castleford Castleford have secured the top spot in Super League by beating Wakefield Trinity at the Jungle in Old Trafford.Castleford secured the title with four games to play.
Saints had the better of a scrappy first-half, after Jonny Lomax crossed on the back of penalty goals apiece for both sidesLeeds pulled clear when Adam Cuthbertson added to Ryan Hall's scoreDanny Richardson's try kept Saints hopes alive but Leeds held on and are now three points clear of third-placed Hull FC in the Super League tableThe defeat leaves Saints a point behind Wakefield, who are fourth with four Super 8s games to playLeeds cannot catch Castleford Tigers at the top, but are in the box seat for the second home semi-final come the top four play-offs
Wigan 24-10 Salford. Wigan move within a point of Wakefield Trinity, who stay in the fourth and last play-off spot.
Jussi Jaaskelainen was released by Bolton at the end of last season without having made a competitive appearance
South Shields v Bridgetlington Town: BBC Sport coverage of the FA Cup. BBC Sport will broadcast every game from every stage of the 2017-18 FA Cup.
"It's something I'd like to be considered for once more."
West Ham United 2-0 Cheltenham Town: Diafra Sakho and Andre Ayew score for Hammers in EFL Cup third-round draw. West Ham's exit ended League Two's representation in the EFL cup before Thursday's third round draw.West Ham United 0-2 CheltenHAM Town : West Ham    United   beat League Two side  Cheltenham   Town at Upton Park on Wednesday night to reach the third round of this competition for the first time in four years   After the League Two sides bright start, two quick goals from Diafrra  Sak
Tashan Corpe, 27, died in Sedgemoor Road, Bath, on Sunday.
Syd's Garden will be "laced with little clues" about the singer, according to Stephen Pyle.Designed as a restful area for patients and staff, it will open in the grounds of Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge in 2018.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga says he will move to the Supreme Court to challenge the results of the August 8 presidential election.The opposition has accused the electoral authorities of fraud tantamount to "democracy's slaughter".
A dolphin was killed by tourists off the coast of Mojacar in Andalucia, Spain, after being subjected to the curious who wanted to photograph and touch it.
The brother of suspect Lukasz Pawel Herba, who is being held by Italian police after Ms Ayling was allegedly kidnapped in Milan, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates Court on 17 August
A* and A grades were awarded to 26.3% of entries - up by 0.5 percentage points compared with last year - with boys overtaking girls in top grades.The change is significant because girls outperform boys at every stage of their education, and have been performing better at the top grades at A-levels for 17 years.The number of university places allocated so far has dropped this year.
Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Combined Authority's budget rises to £1.3m. The new authority's scrutiny committee voted against approving it, with one member asking if recruitment plans were "written on the back of a bus ticket".
Jonny Evans: West Brom turn down £10m bid from Manchester City. West Bromwich Albion have turned down a £10million bid from Premier League champions Manchester City for centre-back Jonathan Evans.
Northern Ireland's first lesbian couple and the first gay couple to enter civil partnerships in the UK have been given the right to marry in Northern Ireland, a judge has ruled. The judge, Mr Justice O'Hara, said it was for the Stormont Assembly, and not a judge, to decide social policy. The first case was brought by Shannon Sickles, Grainne Close, and Chris and Henry Flanagan-Kane, who want their marriage legally recognised at home.The judge heard the cases together due to the similarities of the legal arguments.The marriage of the couple in the Petition X case was treated as
Conor McGregor says he is "ready to go to war for 12 rounds" against Floyd Mayweather in his boxing debut in Las Vegas on Saturday. Conor McGregor believes he has been "discarded" by boxing analysts and made to feel "not welcome" in the build-up to what could be the richest fight in history.McGregor is set to face Mayweather in a 12-round bout at the T-Mobile Arena on Saturday, with the former two-weight world champion using 8oz gloves for the first time in his professional boxing career.The move to allow lighter gloves came as a surprise as the 154lbs bout
Barcelona, who are lacking in attacking options since the world record transfer of Neymar to Paris St-Germain, scored their only goal over the two legs from the penalty spot.General manager at the Nou Camp, Pep Segura, claims the signings of Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele are "close".Liverpool are adamant that Brazilian playmaker Coutinho, who has submitted a transfer request, will not be sold in this transfer window but Segura has told Spanish television: "We are discussing their deals but do not know when it will be done."Real were without Cristiano Ronaldo, who
This new finding gives more of an idea of how the group of dinosaurs, known as the Ornithischians, evolved over the years.So what do you get when you cross a plant eating dino, like Stegosaurus, with a meat eating one, like T. Rex?
Poland's chief forester Konrad Tomaszewski said it would take up to two years to clear the fallen trees, and decades for the lost natural habitat to recoverHe called it "undoubtedly the worst disaster in the history of Polish - and perhaps even European - forestry"It is estimated the storms brought down over eight million cubic metres of lumber across 45,000 hectares of forestSome of the hardest hit areas were Torun, Gdansk, and PoznanRead more.
Radio 1 has announced a new batch of new presenters for its 50th birthday.Abbie McCarthy, Katie Thistleton, Jordan North and Yasser will present two shows each while Matt Edmondson is away because of TV commitments.
An international team of maritime archaeologists are diving, excavating and recording the wreck of Dutch ship the Rooswijk off the Kent coast.
Scottish salmon is becoming more popular globally, according to Andy Bing, sales director of Loch Duart Salmon in North West Scotland.
For the duration of the works, those travelling between south Wales and London should note:
Barcelona sign Paulinho from China's Guangzhou Evergrande. Barcelona sign Brazilian midfielder Paulinho on a five-year contract from Chinese Super League side GuangzhouEvergrande.The former Tottenham player, 29, is the Spanish club's first signing since Neymar left to join Paris St-Germain in a world record transfer.
Belfast Harbour authorities are liaising with experts in the Northern Ireland Environment Agency, and are expected to monitor the animal for several days in the hope it returns to open water.There are no immediate grounds for concern over the animal's health.
He was found guilty of conspiracy to evade the prohibition on the importation of a prohibited weapon.He was told he must serve a minimum of 11 years before he can be considered for parole.
South Western rail service FirstGroup takes over on Sunday amid ongoing disputes over driver-operated doors and the role of train guards.The RMT union said in talks the firm refused to provide a guarantee "despite what they have been telling the press".
EuroBasket 2017: Britain v Greece live on BBC iPlayer and BBC Sport website and app.
Adrian Adrian Simut, 35, travelled to Newport train station, where he thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl called Sam.But he was confronted by so-called "paedophile hunters" and later arrested, Newport Crown Court was told.The court heard that Romanian national Simut arranged to meet "Sam" in Newport and suggested she bring a friend for sexual activity.
They've just left Alaska and have a 3,500 mile journey ahead of them.
"Everyone's trying to break into China, and you've all got those much more established sports.
Karen Jacquet, 59, was pronounced dead at the scene
The weaker value of the pound since the Brexit referendum vote means that the UK is now a much cheaper destination than it used to be.Many mainland Europeans, Americans and Chinese people are taking advantage of that.That's clear from the cacophony of different languages and accents outside Buckingham Palace, and on the streets around the Palace of Westminster."It's a little more economical than it was a few years ago," says one visiting American tourist."Thanks to the euro, London is not more expensive than in France," a French tourist adds.Meanwhile, a German man said the euro-pound rate has "made me quite happy".
The Barcelona attack was claimed by so-called Islamic State (IS), though nothing confirms a direct IS link to it yet. It is believed an Islamist cell of at least eight militants was involved.The van driver is still on the run, but police have arrested four suspects - three Moroccans and a Spaniard from the North African enclave of Melilla.One of the suspects was named as 28-year-old Driss Oukabir. The hunt is on for his brother Moussa, thought to have rented the van using Driss's name.Barcelona has just seen Spain's worst attack since the
Mansfield District Council stopped people riding around the market place to combat "anti-social" cycling.However, it said "responsible" cyclists were welcome in the same place for the Tour of Britain on 6 September.
The number of students placed through clearing has risen to 437,070, the highest number for five years.
A letter left at a supermarket in York has been hailed a "lovely gesture" by a first-time mum.It was one of 20 left at various locations by Ren Benson, from York, who said she just wanted to give other mothers support.Read more about this and other stories from across YorkshireOn parenting, Miss Benson said: "It is really challenging and there are times when you do feel like you are just on your own and a little bit falling apart."The first letter was left after she had dropped her shopping in the supermarket and felt she was at the "end of her tether"."I thought '
Devon and Cornwall Duchy of Cornwall has expressed its condolences to the family of a man who died after being caught in a rip current at a beach.The duchy was involved in a series of meetings and concluded there was no "simple solution" as the area had protected status, and that re-engineering the course of a river was a complicated.
George Washington was a slaveholder. He was the only founding father and commander-in-chief to liberate his slaves - he owned more than 300 - when he died.But as Ron Chernow's magisterial biography Washington: A Life makes clear, while he lived, the nation's first president extracted his pound of flesh from those whom he preferred to call his "servants", or "family".Washington, Chernow notes, wholly approved in 1793 when one of his estate managers, Anthony Whitting, whipped a slave named Charlotte.Martha, the president's wife, had deemed her to be "indol
The Hangzhou Internet Court opened on Friday and heard its first case.
The British Hen Welfare Trust said 240 of the birds were in need of new homes
William Porterfield completed his 16th Ireland century as they added 73 runs before declaring on 240-7 to leave the Dutch needing an unlikely 343 to win.Stephan Myburgh's 85 steadied the Dutch after Wesley Barresi suffered a duck.A 60-run partnership by Ben Cooper and Peter Borren left the Dutch on 186-4 as played was halted at 18:30 BST.
"We are all human beings," she said. "This has nothing to do with Catalan independence or friction. This is a terrorist attack and we are defending peace. This could have happened to you, to me, to my children, to anyone.
Leicester City 0-2 Manchester United. Manchester United's Romelu Lukaku and Marouane Fellaini score second-half penalties to give the Red Devils a 2-0 win over Leicester City at Old Trafford.Media playback is not supported on this device Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho on winning the first three matches: "We can look into perspective. If we hadn't won this match I wouldn't have anyone to blame.The team is playing very well and I'm very confident. We are comfortable on the ball and dangerous on the counter-attack. But nine points after three matches is nothing different for us,
Big Ben will not chime regularly until 2021 because of repairs to the tower. The Ayrton Light, located above the Great Bell - known as Big Ben - needs to be fully dismantled and restored.
South Africa's Deputy Education Minister Mduduzi Manana has resigned after he was accused of assaulting a woman during an argument at a nightclub in Johannesburg last week.
Royal Ascot winner Permian was fatally injured after coming last in the Secretariat Stakes at Arlington on 12 August.
DR Congo could only draw 1-1 with their rivals in Kinshasa, having drawn the first leg of their qualifier 0-0.
Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha says his side are playing well, but failing to convert chances and not maintaining a high enough intensity to their play.
At least eight people were killed when a train jumped the tracks near Muzaffarnagar, about 130km (80 miles) north of the capital Delhi.The train had been travelling to the Hindu holy city of Haridwar, in the foothills of the Himalayas, from Puri, in eastern Odisha state.
The South African government has granted first lady Grace Mugabe immunity from prosecution after she was accused of assaulting a model at a Johannesburg hotel where her sons were staying.The first lady was due to take part in the first ladies' programme at the Southern African Development Community heads of state summit in Pretoria, which Mr Mugabe, 93, was attending.However, she failed to show up.South African police had said they wanted to interview Mrs Mugabe and had set up a "red alert" at the borders to try to ensure she did not leave the country.But Zimbabwe's ZBC state broadcaster reported that President
Warwickshire captain Ian Bell has announced he will step down as captain of the Birmingham Bears T20 Blast side at the end of the season.The 35-year-old skippered the Bears to One-Day Cup victory in September 2016, but less than 12 months on the county are bottom of the Division One Championship table.Bell, who last played for England in November 2015, was was recently left out of the Bears' T20 side."This is the right time for me to stand down," Bell said."As a senior player, I will support the team in all ways possible and I believe that our squad has
Afghan singer Sayeed, described by her fans as Afghanistan's Kim Kardashian, is known for her long hair and figure-hugging outfits, which are seen as taboo by many in Afghanistan.She has received a number of death threats from those who say her outfits and public shows are an affront to Afghan culture.The concert was held amid tight security at the heavily protected Intercontinental Hotel.It was a rare music concert in the city.Kabul has witnessed a series of suicide attacks and explosions in the past few months.Saturday evening's concert was originally scheduled to be held in Ghazi stadium to mark the country
Henrik Stenson wins the British Open at Troon. Henrik STENSONNY Stenson celebrates after finishing one shot ahead of American Ollie Schniederjans at the PGA Tour's British Open.
Alan Joyce vows to press charges against man who struck him with pie over same-sex marriage. Alan Joyce has vowed to press criminal charges against a man who hit him with a pie over his support for gay marriage, which is not legal in Australia.
Two Leicester fans were arrested during their team's 2-0 home win over the Seagulls on Saturday.
Belarusian Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of this year's US Open because of "ongoing family issues".
Donald Trump will address the nation at 21:00 local time (01:00 GMT).He said he had reached a decision after reviewing war options with his national security team at Camp David.He will deliver his first major national security address at a military base next to Arlington National Cemetery, where many of the 2,200 US troops who have died fighting over 16 years of war in Afghanistan are buried.Mr Trump is also expected to outline a more aggressive US counter-terrorism policy for Afghanistan and Pakistan.Earlier this year, the president empowered Defence Secretary Jim Mattis to set troop levels in Afghanistan.General John Nicholson, the top
"Nothing more sinister or serious than some tweets has occurred or been alleged to have occurred. None of the tweets involved are in ANY way threatening, not even in a joking sense.
A Spanish court in Madrid has heard evidence from the four surviving members of the Islamic State cell that carried out the Barcelona attack.Mohamed Houli Chemlal was the first to testify, wearing hospital pyjamas. He is still being treated for his injuries from the blast in Alcanar.Oukabir, whose brother Moussa was among suspects killed after the Cambrils attack, has also given evidence to the Madrid court.According to judicial sources, he has changed his story to say that he admits renting the van used in the Las Ramblas attack but thought it was to be used for a house
Dundee United transfer news: Stags sign Dundee striker Adam Rooney. Dundee forward Adam Rooney has signed for Mansfield Town on a season-long loan deal from Stags.
A man who stabbed a Muslim man on a London Overground train has been found not guilty of attempted murder on the grounds of insanity. Adrian Brown, 38, of Brockley Rise, south-east London, appeared via video link from Broadmoor Hospital during the hearing.
The victims are thought to be mainly Slovakian and Romanian.
West Midlands Police constables Wahid Husman, 48, and Tahsib Majid, 36, used their roles to conspire to steal quantities of Class A and B drugs.
Chris Froome is aiming to become only the third rider to win the Tour and the Vuelta in the same year.
Swedish journalist Kim Wall was last seen alive on 10 August as she departed on a trip with submarine inventor Peter MadsenHe initially said he had dropped her off safely near Copenhagen, but has since said she died in an accident and that he had "buried" her at seaDivers continue to search the waters near where the torso was discovered, but, despite some reported sightings, other remains have not been found"The current situation is that there is a torso in which arms, legs and head have been removed off as a result of deliberate cutting," said Jens Moller Jensen of the Copenhagen police."There is nothing about the length
London's High Speed 2 rail line is to dig up a burial ground in Camden to make way for the first phase of the project.It comes after Camden residents tried to save the St James' Gardens site, close to London Euston, which was a burial. London's HS2 railway line is due to build Phase 1 of the line - between London and Birmingham - in December 2026.
Colin Ingram was Most Valuable Player in the domestic T20 Blast in 2016
The KLF's Jimmy Cauty and Bill Drummond will not be performing any music at a book launch in Liverpool.The duo were greeted by 500 fans as they arrived at the News From Nowhere book shop in an ice cream van that played their hit What Time Is Love?The KLF - who also went by names including The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu, The K Foundation and The Timelords - had hits like 3AM Eternal, Last Train to Trancentral and O Sole Mio.Their new novel 2023, described as "a utopian costume drama set in the near future written in the
The tagline - Alter Your Reality - could easily be used to promote the fight between Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather, which will dominate the sporting landscape this weekend.It is at this point the true reality of this contest has not been altered but frankly obliterated.Context is everything and this fight is not taking place in a vacuum.The US is scarred and still reeling from recent events in Charlottesville, Virginia, where white supremacists marched with burning torches and gave Nazi salutes. It is a country where prejudice - and the fight against it in all its forms - is a near constant part of the national conversation.In their
Essex v Notts: Chris Silverwood wants to bring Championship trophy home. Essex captain Ryan Silverwood hopes to bring the County Championship title home for the first time in seven years with five games remaining in the Championship. Essex are chasing their first County Championship trophy since the days of a single-division Championship.
Derbyshire lose to Hampshire in the T20 Blast quarter-finals. Derby were the surprise package of this season's Twenty20 Blast, finishing second in the North Group.
Police said the incident happened at 10:30 BST near the village of Tockwith
Institute will be unable to play home games at their premises for at least a month.
British cyclist Dani King has announced the arrival of her second child, a baby boy.She said he was born late on Wednesday, a week over his due date.The 25-year-old, whose hometown is Cheshunt in Hertfordshire, retained the team pursuit and women's omnium titles in Rio that she won at London 2012.
Doedd dim cais am fechnïaeth ac fe gafodd y diffynnydd ei gadw yn y ddalfa nes i'r achos yn ei erbyn ddechrau ym mis Chwefror, 2018.Er bod dyn wedi ei gyhuddo, mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru yn pwysleisio fod eu hymchwiliad yn parhau, a bod swyddogion yn dal i chwilio am y
Tal Afar is a two hour drive from the Turkish border, and the main road from Mosul to Syria runs through the city. It is, in many ways, the perfect location - and the right time - for a perfect storm.
Jemma Beale, 25, claimed she was raped by nine men and sexually assaulted by six, all strangers, in four encounters spanning three years.One allegation led to the conviction of a man who was jailed for seven years.
Cambridge City defender Mark Roberts signs one-year contract with Accrington Rovers. Former Stevenage and Fleetwood player Mark Roberts has joined Cambridge City from Forest Green Rovers on a free transfer.
Bar Barrow boss Mark Cox resigns. Barrow manager Mark Cox has resigned after just five league matches of the 2017-18 season.
Tian Tian, who arrived at the zoo as part of a breeding pair with Yang Guang in 2011, was artificially inseminated earlier this year.She had previously given birth to twins in China but all attempts to produce a cub at Edinburgh Zoo have failed.A spokesman for RZSS Edinburgh Zoo said: "Giant panda breeding is a very complicated process but we believe that Tian Tian is pregnant."Although a specific date was suggested, like all babies it's hard to predict precisely and the panda.
Conor McGregor has been training at the UFC's new performance institute in Manchester. Conor McGregor trains at the new UFC Performance Institute in Manchester Conor McGregor is one of the world's most successful athletes, but he is not the only one who has benefited from a new training facility in Manchester.McGregor has been in the UK for the past six weeks and is currently training with the UFC at their new facility in the city centre.The attention to detail is stunningly intricate and it was Manchester City's own training complex which offered key elements of the blueprint.A group of journalists are led through the $14m development by Forrest Griffin
Manx Grand Prix: Barry Lee Evans sets fastest time of the week. Manx GP: BarryLee Evans sets the fastest time in the Classic event on his Yamaha Superbike.
Bai Yan, a 55-year-old police dog handler, has created a special home specifically for service industry dogs at a resort in Hangzhou in eastern Zhejiang province.
Spa-Francorchamps: Lewis Hamilton secures 68th F1 pole ahead of Sebastian Vettel. Lewis Hamilton has secured his 68th pole of the season with a sensational lap at the Belgian Grand Prix to take pole position ahead of Michael Schumacher's final qualifying session.Lewis Hamilton has qualified on pole for the 68th time in his F1 career after setting the fastest time of all in qualifying for the German Grand Prix at Spa.Hamilton was 0.541secs ahead of team-mate Valtteri Bottas, who was third ahead of Kimi Raikkonen's Ferrari. Lewis
Serie A goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon is unimpressed with the use of video assistant referee (VAR) technology in Serie A.The Italian top flight is one of the leagues trialling VAR this season.Juve beat Genoa 4-2 on Saturday with both sides having penalties awarded following video consultation.
If you're Lorde, you turn up to the VMAs in a half-cocktail dress, half-sweat pants combo and perform an interpretive dance instead.The New Zealander said she had to be hooked up to an IV drip, referring to herself as a "cute lil propped-up corpse".The official VMA account tweeted a picture of the singer seeming to jump on the stage and the caption: "The ground is the flu trying to stop you glowing up at the #VMAs."End of Twitter post  by @lordeHer flu explains why she wasn't singing, which is a
West Indies v England: Moeen Ali and Dawid Malan help England declare on 490-8. West Indies lose three wickets in the final session to leave England needing 317 runs for victory to win the first Test at Headingley. England captain Joe Root celebrates after declaring the final day of the third Test against West Indies with a 93-ball 84 to help his side reach 490 for 8 at stumps. England celebrate after declaring their final day's play on 490 for eight to move into a position from which they need 10 wickets to win. West Indies' openers survived a six-over spell to reach
US Open: Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal face off in night match. Roger Federerer and Rafa Nadal meet in the semi-finals of the US Open at Flushing Meadows on day two of the tennis tournament.
Johanna Konta is out of the US Open after losing to Sloane Stephens in the first round of the women's singles event in New York.The unseeded Serb won 4-6 6-3 6-4 against the seventh seed to cause the first major upset of the tournament.
More than 100 athletes used banned substances at the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games, new research shows. A re-testing programme run by the International Olympic Committee to look at old samples using new methods has found more than 100 athletes took banned substances.
Prime Minister Theresa May has welcomed the UN condemnation of North Korea's missile test over Japan and said the UK was looking at ways of exerting further pressure on the North Korean regime, including from China.The UK is working to see what "further pressure" could be brought on North Korea, including extending sanctions, and the role that China could play in facilitating such action.But asked about the comments, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said the focus should be on de-escalating tensions in the Korean peninsula and "just chanting about sanctions" was not the answer.
Owen Farrell: Saracens lock commits long-term future to club. Sarries lock Owen Farrell has signed a new contract to extend his stay at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
The White Garden, at Kensington Palace, was planted to mark 20 years since Princess Diana died in a car crash.
There are no official statistics available on the religion of fostered children or their carers, but we do have some information about ethnicity.Government figures show nine local authorities reported having no long-term foster carers from minority ethnic groups last year, but all reported placing minority ethnic children with their fostering service.In 2015-16, 84% of long-term foster carers were white compared with about 77% of fostered children.According to the fostering agency Tact Care, while Muslim families do occasionally foster non-Muslim children, it is less […].
