French prosecutor leading an investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 insisted Wednesday that he was not aware of any video footage from on board the plane. Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin told CNN that "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation."
The Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday, a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. The formal accession was marked with a ceremony at The Hague, in the Netherlands, where the court is based. The Palestinians signed the ICC's founding Rome Statute in January, when they also accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed "in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, since June 13, 2014.".
Governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism -- real or perceived -- to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. The report, "Death Sentences and Executions 2014," cites the example of Pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians following the horrific attack on a school in Peshawar in December.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide. Much of it makes for grim reading.
Anne Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15. Just two weeks after her supposed death on March 31, 1945, the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp where she had been imprisoned was liberated -- timing that showed how close the Jewish diarist had been to surviving the Holocaust. But new research released by the Anne Frank House shows that Anne and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought.
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union, university officials said Thursday. The prestigious private school didn't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws. In a news release, it said the student was no longer on campus and will face student conduct review. × Duke student admits to hanging noose from tree near student union DURHAM, N.C.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller, California televangelist and founder of the television ministry "Hour of Power," died Thursday, according to his family. He was 88 years old.
NeverNever mind cats having nine lives. A stray pooch in Washington State has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car, apparently whacked on the head with a hammer in a misguided mercy killing and then buried in a field -- only to survive.
6 facts about Iran's foreign minister. If you've been following the news lately, there are certain things you doubtless know about Mohammad Javad Zarif. Here are six:.
Bob Barker returns to 'The Price Is Right'. For the first time in eight years, a TV legend returned to doing what he does best. NEW YORK, N.Y.
He's a blue chip college basketball recruit. She's a high school freshman with Down syndrome. At first glance Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith couldn't be more different.
Michele Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. "With his Iran deal, Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of.
The historic California drought hurts the rest of the union, too. That's because California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts. Here's why we should heed the ongoing drought in the most populous state.
As goes Walmart, so goes the nation?. The backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas this week is shining a bright light on the broader business community's overwhelming support for workplace policies that promote gay equality.
Five Americans who were monitored for three weeks at an Omaha, Nebraska, hospital after being exposed to Ebola in West Africa have been released, a Nebraska Medicine spokesman said in an email Wednesday. One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged but hasn't left the area, Taylor Wilson wrote.
Andrew Getty, one of the heirs to billions of oil money, appears to have died of natural causes, a Los Angeles Police Department spokesman said. The coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Getty, grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty, said Detective Meghan Aguilar.
Mike Pence, a Koch Favorite, Mulls 2016 Run for President. Mike Pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law last week that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians. Indiana Gov.
Tropical storm Maysak approaches Philippines. Filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides as tropical storm Maysak approached the Asian island nation Saturday. Just a few days ago, Maysaka gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds.
Lost at sea for 66 days. The second mate of the Houston Express probably couldn't believe what he was seeing. Hundreds of miles from land there was a small boat nearby.
Paul Walker is hardly the first actor to die during a production. But Walker's death in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash was especially eerie given his rise to fame in the "Fast and Furious" film franchise.
Iran nuclear deal: What's in it?. The United States and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Thursday that limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon.
If you're famous and performing the American national anthem, be prepared to become a national hero or a national disgrace. Facts are facts. Just ask Vince, Whitney, Roseanne, Jimi and Michael.
Yah Yahya Rashid, a UK national from northwest London, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday after he arrived on a flight from Istanbul, police said. He's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism, and with engaging […].
Sky watchers in western North America are in for a treat: a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse this morning. Here's how it's unfolding:.
Memories Pizza in the Indiana town of Walkerton is finding out. The family-run restaurant finds itself at the center of the debate over the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act after its owners said they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding. Please enable Javascript to watch this video WALKERTON, Ind.
Castaway recounts how he survived over a year adrift in Pacific. Louis Jordan says that he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from South Carolina in late January. He headed into the Gulf Stream looking for a good spot to catch fish.
Iran to lift ban on women attending sports events. Since Iran's Islamic Revolution in 1979, women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men. But the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top Iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events.
Netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions, saying he sees better options than "this bad deal or war." "I think there's a third alternative, and that is standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," Netanyahu told CNN's Jim Acosta Sunday on "State of the Union."
The tallest and fastest "giga-coaster" in the world. A dramatic interview with a famed spiritual leader -- and the tearful reaction by one of his former students.
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks. It celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion and Resurrection.
Police in the Indian city of Malegaon, in the western state of Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents: Cattle. Following a recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef, authorities in the city have asked residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police. Along with the photograph, the residents have to give information about their animal's 'unique features,' such as the coloring and age of the cow, along with the length of its tail and other distinctive characteristics.
The FBI charged a Philadelphia woman on Thursday with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. Two New York women were also taken into custody.
Just as mimeograph machines and photocopiers were in their day, online activity -- blogs, YouTube channels, even social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter -- have fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media. It is not just the low cost of posting online that attracts dissidence, though that in itself is liberating.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr., the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, died Friday night in a car crash, a Georgia State Patrol spokesman said. Burns, 64, died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, spokesman James Tallent said.
Avril Lavigne reveals she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. Lavigne believes that she was bitten by a tick last spring. What followed was months of lightheadedness and lethargy that doctors were initially unable to diagnose.
It was a scene worthy of any top cop show on TV -- bullets flying, banged-up cars and the FBI chasing an armed robbery suspect. In the end, two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured.
The NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former University of North Carolina athletes. The lawsuit claimed the students didn't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in NCAA history. In its response, the NCAA says it has no legal responsibility "to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes at its member institutions.".
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC), a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world, is ready for action following a two-year shutdown. After problems that delayed the restart in March, scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) completed final tests, enabling the first beams to start circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 km) ring. "Operating accelerators for the benefit of the physics community is what CERN's here for.".
Yemen Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels -- who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Hadi from power. The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overtook Sanaa in January.
The United States has seemingly erupted this week about what it means to live your religion, especially in Indiana, where its new Religious Freedom Restoration Act faces a firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people. Here are some of the more interesting cases arising from the federal and state laws, touching upon an array of religious matters from a knife carried by an IRS accountant to a tea from the Amazon:. WASHINGTON, D.C.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya, in which many people have been killed and still more taken hostage. The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities, and a clear indicator that the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating fast.
A Connecticut teen who has been forced to have chemotherapy to treat Hodgkin lymphoma will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being, according to her attorney, Josh Michtom. A Connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision Wednesday denying a motion to let the teen, identified in court documents as "Cassandra C.," go home. The judge also denied a motion for visitation.
'Uptown Funk!,' featuring Bruno Mars, is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s, ruling the chart for a 13th week. It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1.
The fun will never end. Adventure Time.".
A high temperature of 63.5 degrees Fahrenheit might sound like a pleasant day in early spring -- unless you're in Antarctica. The chilly continent recorded the temperature on March 24, possibly the highest ever recorded on Antarctica, according to the Weather Underground. Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula.
Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction. According to South Korean law, Kim's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment.
Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran even before he became the Democratic candidate for president. Reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal.
The NFL legend called out Deion Sanders Jr. on Twitter for saying he only eats "hood doughnuts." In response, the elder Sanders -- in front of his 912,000 followers -- reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line called "Well Off.".
Blue Bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants over the discovery of listeria contamination in a serving of ice cream originating from that plant. Public health officials warned consumers Friday not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, plant.
WhatWhat we know so far about the victims and their alleged attacker. A former banker, 29-year-old Briton Rurik Jutting, was charged with two counts of murder.
Universal's "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office for a weekend debut in the $135 million-$138 million range, the largest opening in North America since fall 2013. That includes a projected Friday take of $58 million-$60 million.
Chelsea Manning joins Twitter. (CNN) Imprisoned soldier Chelsea Manning can now communicate with the world -- in 140 characters or less. Manning, who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents, appears to have joined Twitter this week.
Can UVA, Phi Kappa Psi or any of the other fraternities on campus sue for defamation?. The Virginia Supreme Court said in Jordan v. Kollman that "the elements of libel are (1) publication of an actionable statement with (3) the requisite intent."
Japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government's top military official earnestly revealed that the country's Air Self Defense Force had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object. Responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki, Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet, Japan's parliament, that his jets had, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space.
FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines in January. Marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by Philippine security forces in 2012.
Japan's Shibuya district takes first step toward recognizing same-sex unions. One of Tokyo's most prominent districts has taken a small, but potentially significant step to recognizing same -sex unions in Japan. The city's government passed an ordinance on Wednesday paving the way for "partnership certificates" for gay couples, allowing them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples.
David Lynch broke the news about his departure in a series of tweets, saying that the show's third season will continue without him. He said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show "the way it needed to be done."
Kentucky's Andrew Harrison apologizes for 'poor choice of words'. A University of Kentucky basketball player is apologizing for the "poor choice" he muttered under his breath after the team's stunning loss to Wisconsin on Saturday. As a deflated panel of Wildcats fielded a reporter's question about Wisconsin standout Frank Kaminsky, a hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying of Kaminsky, "F**k that (N-word)."
Six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in China's southeastern Fujian province sparked a huge fire, provincial authorities told state media. The plant, located in Zhangzhou city, produces paraxylene (PX), a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics.
The presence of a harmful pesticide at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands may have resulted in the illness of a Delaware family, the US Environmental Protection Agency said Friday. Paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the Sirenusa resort in St. John after the family of four fell ill. They had rented the villa from March 14 to March 22, and were later hospitalized.
Rand Paul's record makes it very clear that his views are outdated, outside of the mainstream, and disqualifying for a man who wants to lead our country. When I was elected to the Kentucky State Senate in 1967, I became the first woman and the first person of color to serve in the body.
FedEx. (CNN) The United States Department of Justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs, and the charges are serious indeed. A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California bristles with accusations of conspiracies, transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions, violations of the Controlled Substances Act, misbranding charges, and money laundering charges.
"Mad Men" finale: What's going to happen?. For the 1960s, the end arrived with -- depending on your ideals and your tribe -- either the Rolling Stones' Altamont fiasco.
Chris Chris Rock made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks with a tongue-in-cheek guide to not being beaten by the police. Comedian Chris Rock has documented three traffic stops in seven weeks.
Wahlberg's film, to be titled "Patriots' Day," is being produced by CBS Films, which linked to the Deadline article from its website. According to Deadline, Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis, who retired after the attack in 2013. The film will be told from Davis' point of view.
What do we have for the contestant on "The Price Is Right"? A brand-new car! Whoops.
One hundred and forty-seven victims. Many more families affected.
Investigators have collected all the main evidence from the site where Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed. Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, said Capt. Yves Naffrechoux of the High Mountain Gendarmerie.
Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body, the Middlesex District Attorney's Office said in a statement. "This was a gruesome discovery," said District Attorney Marian Ryan. CAMDEN, Mass.
Lost luggage after a long flight is a common, frustrating occurrence of modern air travel. And sometimes, airlines lose things that are irreplaceable.
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes. The Hollywood mogul was interviewed on Bill Simmons' podcast recently, and let it drop that fans can expect more of the quirky comedy. NEW YORK.
Easter is unique on the Christian calendar, a major point in the cycle of the religious year, and one that has always been able to resist the commercialization and culture warring that surrounds Christmas. That's in part because Easter is genuinely about how religious impulses, and patterns, can operate in ways that affect our lives.
"Sell all that you own and distribute the money to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; then come, follow me," Jesus tells the rich man in one of his best-known parables. It was a mantra he invoked repeatedly: the poor were blessed, and it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than it was for the well-to-do to enter paradise.
The nation's top stories will be unfolding Tuesday in courthouses and political arenas across the country. Here's a breakdown of what to expect today and how we got here:.
Cruz Cruz's first television ads are appearing this weekend during programs on Fox News and NBC that are pegged to Easter Sunday. In the ad, Cruz talks about the impact of the "transformative love of Jesus Christ" on his life.
"I always knew I wanted Elena's story to be a six season adventure, and within those six years I got the journey of a lifetime," she posted on her social media accounts after a "goodbye party" at Lake Lanier outside Atlanta, where the show is filmed. "I was a human, a vampire, a doppelganger, a crazy immortal.".
Zhou Yongkang, 72, was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets. As a member of the ruling Communist Party's Politburo Standing Committee -- China's top decision-making body -- Zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.
Police have arrested four employees of a popular Indian ethnic-wear chain after a minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of one of its stores. Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa on Friday when she discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changingroom, police said.
Nine British citizens were arrested in Turkey on Wednesday, suspected of trying to cross illegally into Syria, the Turkish military said on its website. The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013, a Turkish official told CNN on condition of anonymity.
Kayahan, one of Turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters, died of cancer Friday at the age of 66. He had performed most recently in Istanbul on Valentine's Day.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire, according to a law enforcement source speaking to Russia's state-run news agency ITAR-Tass. "The submarine is in a dry dock," Tass reports, citing the source, and there is no ammunition on board.
FourFour workers died in a massive oil rig fire that raged for hours off the coast of Mexico Wednesday. Mexican state oil company Pemex said 45 workers were injured in the blaze.
ISIS logos and markings appeared on TV5Monde social media accounts. On a mobile site, which was still active, the network said it was "hacked by an Islamist group.".
Three people were killed and five others were wounded Thursday afternoon when a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in Balkh province, northern Afghanistan. Although most staff members and civilians have been rescued, an exchange of fire between Afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing, the statement says.
After deliberating for 11½ hours, jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial. Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty.
Massive fire breaks out in Kentucky industrial park. A mammoth fire broke out Friday morning in a Louisville industrial park, sending plumes of thick smoke over the area as authorities worked to contain the damage. The blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky.
Do you remember the talk about plans for Iraqi-led force to try to take back Mosul this spring? Well, you might want to forget it. A senior official in President Barack Obama's administration said Thursday that Washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion.
PG&E to pay record $1.6 billion penalty for San Bruno gas pipeline explosion. The California Public Utilities Commission on Thursday said it is ordering Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to pay a record $2.5 billion for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system, including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in San Bruno in September 2010. Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
In her 40 years living in Rochelle, Illinois, Cathy Olson had never seen a tornado that big. "I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," she said. Please enable Javascript to watch this video ROCELLE, Ill.
Witness: I nearly erased shooting video out of fear. Eyewitness video showing white North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager shooting to death an unarmed black man has exposed discrepancies in the reports of the first officers on the scene. Please enable Javascript to watch this video NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C.
Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds: pepper-spraying drones. Yashasvi Yadav, Senior Superintendent of police in Lucknow, northern India, told CNN the city's force has bought four drones and is in the process of purchasing one more.
Secret Service employee accused of sexual assault. Just as the agency begins to recover from a series of high-profile missteps, the Secret Service is facing yet another scandal. LOUISVILLE, Ky.
Richard Dysart, who also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of Jason Miller's Pulitzer Prize-winning "That Championship Season," died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness, his wife, artist Kathryn Jacobi, told The Hollywood Reporter. The acclaimed "L.A. Law" aired for eight seasons from 1986 to 1994.
Mindy Kaling's brother Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a project of his own, and while it has been getting a lot of attention, it hasn't generated quite as many laughs — either from observers or from his famous sibling, who told him it brought "shame upon their family.".
"A long, long, time ago..." Those five words, when uttered or sung, makes baby boomers immediately think of Don McLean's pop masterpiece "American Pie." It's hard to believe that his phenomenal 8½ minute allegory, which millions of Americans know by heart, is 44 years old.
Anthony Ray Hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row for murders he says he didn't commit. And incredulous that it took so long.
April 8 was also Rex Manning Day. Pardon us, "Lost" fans, but April 8 wasn't only your day. Yes, we know the significance of April 8, 2015, and the alignment of 4:23.42 p.m. on that date.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau and her husband celebrate 10th wedding anniversary. Their relationship led to jail time for her, but Mary Kay lets the world to know that she and husband, Vili, are still happily together. She gave birth to her young lover's child and went on to serve more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship.
Twisted Sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last. Next year marks the band's 40th anniversary, and to celebrate, the tour is being titled "Forty and F*ck It."
Nicole Kidman's 'Grace of Monaco' to Premiere on Lifetime. The critically-panned film, which opened last year's Cannes Film Festival, will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25. The Weinstein Co. first purchased U.S. distribution rights at the 2013 Berlin Film Festival.
The lyrics to the famed Don McLean song sold for $1.2 million Tuesday morning at an auction held by Christie's. "Don McLean's manuscript of 'American Pie' achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an American literary manuscript.".
Kanye West settles lawsuit with paparazzi photographer he assaulted. Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazz photographer he assaulted -- and the two have shaken on it. The photographer, Daniel Ramos, had filed the civil suit against West after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in July 2013 at Los Angeles International Airport. LOS ANGELES.
John Travolta told the Tampa Bay Times that he has not seen the documentary, "and I don't really care to.".
Blues legend B.B. King hospitalized for dehydration. The legendary guitarist and vocalist released a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns. "I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today.".
It had been almost two years since Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the Boston Marathon, setting off deadly explosions that wounded her and hundreds of others. In court last month, she testified that one of the blasts on that day in 2013 left her lying in the street, staring at her own bones. Boston, Mass.
Chinese TV host caught on camera cursing Mao Zedong. Bi Fujian, who works for state-run China Central Television, was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the Communist Party's early years when he started going off script. A popular Chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy.
Tornado sirens blared Wednesday night in Kansas as several storms brought reports of twisters. Spotters reported a tornado about 6 miles northwest of Goddard, which is less than 15 miles west of Wichita. That storm moved to the northeast, missing the city, but posing potential risks to other communities.
Anyone who has given birth -- or been an observer of the event -- knows how arduous it can be. But to do it live on the Internet?
Where do you go from here?. The fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw massive battles, major deaths (Tywin!)
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba. But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension.".
The outlines of a nuclear deal with Iran are in place. Unfortunately, it seems like too many in President Barack Obama's administration have forgotten that the only reason this terrorist-supporting state came to the negotiating table in the first place was because of tough sanctions imposed by the U.S. Congress.
Martin O'Malley and Webb share little in common. Both Democrats are toying with a presidential run, both are facing long odds.
Police officers Saturday accompanied the hearse carrying the body of Walter Scott to his South Carolina funeral service, where hundreds of mourners celebrated his life and death as a catalyst for change in America. A pair of officers on motorcycles were part of the.
Washington was rocked late Thursday by shootings -- one at the gates of the U.S. Census Bureau's headquarters and another in a popular area packed with restaurant patrons. The shootings were connected, authorities said.
Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month, sparking concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces, CNN has learned. The incident, which has not been publicly disclosed, troubled US military officials because the unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident.
WhenWhen Liana Barrientos was 23 years old, she got married in Westchester County, New York. A year later,.
#UporDown? That's the trending question on social media, thanks to a photo of a cat coming down some stairs. Or is it going up some stairs?
I remember the day I stopped praying. It was the day after my little brother, Jimmy, died of cancer. He was 25. I was so angry at God.
TalibanMullah Mohammed Omar is "still the leader" of the Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. That appears to be the primary message of a biography, just published by the Taliban, of the reclusive militant who is credited with founding the group in the early 1990s.
Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan. The brutal murder of Farkhunda, a young woman in Afghanistan, shocked the world.
Nelly arrested on drug charges in Tennessee. Hip-hop star Nelly has been arrested in Tennessee after a state trooper pulled over the private bus in which he was traveling, authorities said. The 40-year-old rapper from St. Louis has been charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.
'Star Wars' fans will get more than they bargained for when the saga comes to digital HD on Friday. The collection of the first six "Star Wars" movies will also include many special features, some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga.
Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. Although she has watched her standing in the polls sag in recent months, there is likely to be a boost in the days that follow the announcement.
"I've seen it before," the former Governor of Maryland and possible presidential contender said. "History is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer or.
Indian software pioneer and nine others have been sentenced to seven years in jail for their role in what has been dubbed India's biggest corporate scandal in memory, police said. Ramalinga Raju, the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services, was also fined $804,000, R.K. Gaur, a spokesman for India's Central Bureau of Investigation, told CNN.
Photographer Johan Bavman is a freelance photographer based in Malmo, Sweden. From 2008-2011, he worked as a staff photographer at Sydsvenskan, one of Sweden's largest newspapers.
Craig Hicks, who is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, earlier this year, can face the death penalty, a judge ruled Monday, according to CNN affiliates. Craig Hicks.
HBO just whetted our appetite for a new season of "True Detective." The network released a teaser video for season 2 of the critically acclaimed show, and it looks intense.
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of UMix, a series of social events the university stages for students. Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle, a Navy SEAL and the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history.
Lauren Lauren Hill, who took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many, has died at age 19. The Indiana woman's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder in connection with the remains discovered Saturday in Cambridge. Earlier this week, Colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. A 32-year-old Massachusetts man is facing murder charges, authorities said Wednesday, four days after another man's remains were found in a duffel bag.
Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York nightclub early Wednesday, and two Atlanta Hawks -- who had just finished a home game hours before the incident -- were among those arrested, according to police and CNN affiliates. The Hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident, police said, but were arrested on obstruction and other charges later.
Ryan Gosling: 'Lost River' is about Detroit. A year after its Cannes debut and finally seeing a theatrical release, "Lost River" is still causing quite a stir. Booed at its premiere and mocked by reviewers.
All Elizabeth Sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home. But she couldn't. Why? Because, according to her, she has cancer.
It took prosecutors months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that former NFL star Aaron Hernandez killed semi-pro player Odin Lloyd. On Monday, Hernandez's defense gave its side of the story, wrapping up its witnesses in less than a day. Please enable Javascript to watch this video HARTFORD, Mass.
Guatemala. For 12 years Adelma Cifuentes felt worthless, frightened and alone, never knowing when her abusive husband would strike.
Robert Durst, 71, is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver, which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
Change is coming to Ferguson. The question is, what kind of change?.
Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure, federal officials say -- during a trip to the U.S. Virgin Islands. Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John, where they were renting a villa at the Sirenusa resort.
A passenger on an Atlanta-bound Air Canada flight told a CNN reporter on the plane Friday that a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him. Oliver Minatel, 22, said he was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto when he felt something around his neck. "With a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me."
There was a larger message in the article about a purported gang rape that Rolling Stone retracted on Sunday night -- a part of the story that was never disputed: The University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus. The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it.
Moving Day at the 2015 Masters. Saturday at the Masters, like any PGA tournament, has been dubbed 'Moving Day'. It's the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up -- or occasionally down -- the leader board.
"Star Wars" is once again back in our lives, the Burger-King couple helped us believe love can be found in fast food, and Mindy Kaling's brother had a shocking announcement. Those are just a few of the stories that trended this week.
7-Eleven Hosts First Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day. Bring your own beaker, goblet or vase and slurp it up. 7 Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your‑Own‑Cup Slurpee Day at United States stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
The graffiti, written in a French chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years, is plain and stark. "HJ Leach. Merely a private.
Obama's attorney general nominee Loretta Lynch's confirmation fight. Durham, North Carolina (CNN) President Obama's nomination of Loretta Lynch to become the country's first African-American woman attorney general is a historic pick. Her confirmation, however, is now taking on new historical relevance as her wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate drags into its sixth month.
WhatWhat was supposed to be a fantasy sports car ride at Walt Disney World Speedway turned deadly when a Lamborghini crashed into a guardrail. The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience, which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack.
Are we alone in the cosmos? Or might there be intelligent life elsewhere?.
London (CNN) - It wasn't messrs Clooney, Pitt and their nine accomplices who sailed down an elevator shaft and cracked open dozens of safety deposit boxes at a London vault during the Easter weekend. But last weekend's raid in the heart of the city's jewelry district feels like it has been taken from a movie like "Ocean 11" given its daring and planning.
The commissioner-general of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency will make an emergency visit to the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria on Saturday, a spokesman says. Commissioner-General Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the.
Fans of the late actor Paul Walker knew that watching him in "Furious 7" would be bittersweet. Even so, many moviegoers said the final scenes.
What exactly is "service of process"?. Recently, a New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook.
'Twin Peaks' Stars Back David Lynch in Pay Dispute. Sherilyn Fenn, Sheryl Lee, James Marshall, Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video. (Some members have also set up a Facebook page.)
Te Tejano star Selena, who died 20 years ago, is coming back in a big way: with a hologram-like figure. Billboard reports that the singer's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment" of her persona.
Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms, the CDC said. The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew. SAN DIEGO, Calif.
Five young Chinese feminists, whose detention has provoked an international outcry, may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- shortly before events they had planned for International Women's Day on March 8.
TSA agent gets 6 months in jail for secretly videotaping co-worker in bathroom. A judge this week sentenced a former TSA agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker while she was in the bathroom, prosecutors said. During the investigation, detectives with the Metro Nashville Police Department in Tennessee also found that the agent, 33-year-old Daniel Boykin, entered the woman's home multiple times, where he took videos, photos and other data.
The Oregon Parks and Recreation Department has reported that a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state's coast this week and has been towed into harbor. The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan on March 11, 2011. Those poor fish must have been wondering what the heck was happening to them.
Cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the Summit of the Americas. And for the first time since 1962, the U.S. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join.
ISIS claimed it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery Sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site. The group said it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday.
Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break at Florida's Panama City Beach. Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee, students at Troy University, were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators, according to a statement from the Bay County, Florida, Sheriff's Office.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday afternoon when the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold. "There could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," he told air traffic control.
Artist Phillip Hyman grew up in the neighborhood where Walter Scott, an unarmed black man, was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on Saturday. Hyman now lives in another part of the city and couldn't stop thinking about it.
After a Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in an "unsafe and unprofessional manner" earlier this week, the United States is complaining to Moscow about the incident. On Tuesday, a US RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker.
For more than four days, police say, a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park with only a blanket and a Bible. The person responsible is the man's mother, who on Sunday faced a host of charges after allegedly abandoning her son and catching a bus to Maryland to see her boyfriend, said Philadelphia police Lt. John Walker.
President Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran. His comments to The New York Times, published on Sunday, come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
One year after Boko Haram kidnapped nearly 300 Nigerian schoolgirls, a hashtag is still trending. "This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world," the country's President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, said Tuesday in marking the anniversary. "Today is a time to reflect on the pain and suffering of the victims."
Police added attempted murder to the list of charges against the mother of a quadriplegic man who was left in the woods for days, Philadelphia police spokeswoman Christine O'Brien said Tuesday. Nyia Parler cannot be extradited to face the charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "treatment," Maryland police said Monday.
The law, signed by Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback on Tuesday, bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion.".
The mother of a quadriplegic man who police say was left in the woods for days cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "treatment," Maryland police said Monday. The Montgomery County (Maryland) Department of Police took Nyia Parler, 41, into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in Maryland.
What would you do if a complete stranger asked you for $100, or offered you an apple in a parking lot without explanation? These are only two of the 100 challenges Chinese-born, American-based Jia Jiang put himself up to when he decided to blog about "100 Days of Rejection", a project he launched after he quit his comfortable six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30, just weeks before his first child was born. After his tech start-up was declined investment, Jiang decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on.
Over Over the last year more than 25,000 people, a population about the size of Key West, Florida, have fought Ebola infections. More than 10,000 have not survived.
Jill Duggar gives birth to first child. The first daughter to be married from the hit reality show "19 Kids and Counting" has also become the first mother. Please enable Javascript to watch this video WASHINGTON, D.C.
It was like a scene out of "Make Way for Ducklings" on Tuesday on a rainy street in Washington. CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on L Street NW when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir.
The killing of an employee at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, may have been a hate crime, authorities said Tuesday. Investigators are looking into the possibility, said Goldsboro police Sgt. Jeremy Sutton. Please enable Javascript to watch this video GOLDSBORO, N.C.
Benaud, whose witty one-liners from the commentary box resonated far beyond Australia's shores, said last year he was being treated for skin cancer. "After Don Bradman, there has been no Australian player more famous than Richie Benaud," Cricket Australia said on its website.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish. Bereft of oil, gas, gold, diamonds or the conventional natural resources that have fueled growth in many other African countries, Cape Verde has had to look for alternative sectors to aid its development.
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya, said European Parliament member Matteo Salvini, the leader of Italy's far-right Northern League. In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving, the International Organization for Migration said, and about 2,000 were rescued at sea during the first weekend of April in the Channel of Sicily. Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria, the IMO said.
"Hamlet." "Romeo and Juliet." "A Midsummer Night's Dream.".
KenyaKenya froze dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters after militants massacred 147 people last week at a university in Garissa. The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab, the militant group that claimed responsibility for the Thursday attack. So far, the government has frozen 86 accounts, but that number could go up, said Mwenda Njoka, a spokesman for the Interior Ministry.
Irish betting company Paddy Power is backtracking after tweeting that "Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male.". LIVERPOOL, England.
Malala Yousafzai's stellar career has included a Nobel Peace Prize. Last week, she made it into outer space. A NASA astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from Pakistan.
Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day against sexual harassment in China. Since then, the Chinese authorities have formally detained her and four other activists for "creating disturbances.".
Ari Arias was sentenced to life in prison Monday for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander. Please enable Javascript to watch this video GOODYEAR, Ariz.
No ifs, ands or buts -- and yes, that includes when and where prostitution is perfectly legal. That was the message Friday from Attorney General Eric Holder to members of the U.S. Justice Department, which includes the FBI, US Marshals Service, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and other agencies.
Hillary Clinton finally answered the question we've all been asking for years: Will she run for president in 2016?. Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the United States.
It's a good thing -- a lucky thing -- that a bystander had the courage and presence of mind to record the shocking video that shows a white police officer, Michael Slager, gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named Walter Scott after a traffic stop in North Charleston, South Carolina. And the resulting national wave of revulsion and indignation -- along with the prompt arrest of Slager on murder charges -- is a welcome and appropriate response.
Why the outrage now? Why the story that a Tennessee prosecutor was fired for a plea bargain.
Emy Afalava is a loyal American and decorated veteran. He was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900. He has been subject to American law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen.
The verdict isn't surprising. What might be, however, is the answer to how we prevent this kind of violence from happening again. Because there could be other more young men just like him, which means the lessons we take from Boston will affect whether we can keep America and Americans safer. After two days of deliberation, jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing.
The new emojis are here! On Thursday, Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race, ethnicity and sexual orientation of its. Apple has "evolved" in showing diversity -- from brown people to same-sex couples. Maybe "religious liberty" conservatives who discriminate will follow.
I'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott as he fled his encounter with North Charleston police -- his back turned to the officer. What I find more disturbing is how the officer cuffs the fallen Scott and allows him to die face-down in the dirt while Slager appears to plant an item next to his body. Please enable Javascript to watch this video CHARLESTON, S.C.
The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. The map, above, shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force.
Iman Hashi, 25 and her sister Siham, 27 could not be further from their hometown of Mogadishu. The sisters were born in the Somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991.
ISIS ISIS fighters stormed Yarmouk, and that made life for those still inside even worse than it was before. The Syrian government responded by unleashing a bombing and shelling campaign.
6 TV shows to watch this week. In 2013, "The Bible" broke ratings records on the History Channel, so of course, a sequel was ordered up -- and this one is on NBC. The new miniseries from Mark Burnett and Roma Downey.
Paul Bettany to play Vision in 'Avengers: Age of Ultron'. For superhero fans, the cup runneth over. Most of us know the members of the Avengers by now.
Odin Odin Lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in June 2013. Odin Lloyd's sister Olivia Thibou wept as she explained what it has felt like to lose her brother.
Tax Day has become a happy spending spree for most Americans. Danny Kahneman, my good friend and co-author who got a Nobel Prize in economics, once helped to run an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies. One group received a mildly pleasurable experience at the end of the procedure; the other group, which experienced the same type of colonoscopy, did not.
Aaron Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in July 2012. Prosecutors have said Hernandez fatally shot Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado when he fired into their 2003 BMW.
Abraham Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots. He knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded the land of corn.
If you drove by it, you wouldn't even know it's there. The Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural central Florida, halfway between Orlando and Sarasota, off a nondescript country road.
Arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season's English Premier League title alive by beating relegation threatened Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor. A first half goal from Welsh international Aaron Ramsey was enough to secure Arsenal's hold on second place.
6 things to watch in the week ahead. SPOILER ALERT! It's not just women getting cloned. That was the big twist at the end of "Orphan Black's" second season.
2015 MTV Movie Awards: Best Moments, Misfires and misses. From Channing Tatum twerking for Jennifer Lopez to host Amy Schumer's archery fail, there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 MTV Movie Awards. Here are the jokes, performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it.
Charlie Cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock, whose nights are consumed with cleaning up the New York neighborhood of Hell's Kitchen while dressed in a black ninjaesque outfit. As the season unfolds, he heads toward a confrontation with Vincent D'Onofrio's Wilson Fisk, a.k.a. the Kingpin.
Alyssa Milano Furious After Heathrow Airport Allegedly Confiscates Breast Milk. Actress Alyssa Milano had some angry tweets for Heathrow Airport authorities Thursday morning after workers there allegedly confiscated breast milk she'd pumped for her daughter while she was on a plane. Milano, who was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a "romantic getaway," was furious.
Cynthia Lennon, who married John Lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the Beatles, died Wednesday, according to a post on the website of her son, Julian. She was 75.
The first trailer for a documentary on the life and music of late British singer Amy Winehouse was released Thursday. The teaser for "Amy: The Girl Behind the Name," set for UK release on July 3, features early footage of Winehouse talking about how her music career was born and where she believed she was headed.
Ten Ten years ago, a prosecutor in Centre County, Pennsylvania, took a day off work and vanished. Since then, the case of Ray Gricar has become one of the most intriguing and talked about missing persons stories.
Two years ago, the storied Boston Marathon ended in terror and altered the lives of runners, spectators and those who tried to come to their rescue. Just last week, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward.
"Do not attend the Boston Marathon". The Boston Marathon is traditionally an event in which people in and around the Massachusetts capital come together, celebrate and enjoy. But not in 2013, when three people died and over 200 were injured when a pair of bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other at the finish line.
One person died, according to the school. The confusion and panic came less than two weeks after Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in Garissa, Kenya.
Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors that had suffered a meltdown following a devastating earthquake and tsunami in 2011. It was the first time the probe had been used.
Tulsa County reserve deputy who fatally shot a man instead of using his Taser turned himself in to authorities Tuesday at the Tulsa County Jail. The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office says a sting operation caught Eric Courtney Harris illegally selling a gun. Harris ran when officers came in for the arrest.
There's a booming black market in Hong Kong, but it's not for fake Apple Watches, or the iPhone. Instead, people are going crazy for tins of butter cookies.
Hundreds of additional Iraqi troops are being sent to reinforce colleagues who are trying to fend off ISIS' attempt to overrun Iraq's largest oil refinery. The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery, a key strategic resource that has long been a target because the facility refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically..
ISIS is a problem that is "off the charts historically" and has sent the United States into "uncharted territory" when it comes to putting down the terror group, the Obama administration's point man in the fight recently told CNN. The comments, which Brett McGurk made in an exclusive interview, were some of the administration's strongest to date in describing the challenge the U.S. and its allies face in battling ISIS.
More than 500 Houthi rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led military operations against Yemeni Shia fighters, a Saudi Defense Ministry official said Saturday, according to the state-run Saudi Press Agency. A Saudi general said Saturday the nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began on March 26. Gen. Ahmed Asiri added that the raids aim to keep the rebels from moving toward southern Yemen,  according to the SPA.
Only a few months old, this is the baby girl whose ears she desperately tried to cover the night the aerial bombardment started. She lay awake, she says, in a village mosque on the Yemeni island of Birim, counting explosions as the baby cried. It could have been worse though. They could have still been in their house when the first missile landed.
An explosion late Thursday outside a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe ‎killed at least five people and injured more than a dozen others, witnesses said. The explosion outside the Bauchi Motor Park‎ happened around 8:30 p.m. after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers.
A former U.S. Army enlistee who posted on Facebook about "the adrenaline rush" of dying in jihad was arrested Friday and charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley military base in Kansas, authorities said. A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, was charged with failing to report a felony.
ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive. Men faced a choice -- convert to Islam or be shot. But the Islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves. In its fourth edition of "Dabiq," the ISIS online magazine, an article titled "The revival of slavery before the hour," outlines the group's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the Yazidis.
Nigeria Nigeria's Muhammadu Buhari told CNN's Christiane Amanpour that he plans to aggressively fight corruption that has long plagued Nigeria and go after the root of the nation's unrest. By cooperating with neighboring nations Chad, Cameroon and Niger, he said his administration is confident it will be able to thwart criminals and others contributing to Nigeria's instability.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met on Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters, a day before the former secretary of state officially announces her campaign for president, according to a Democrat who attended the meeting. Robby Mook, Clinton's soon-to-be campaign manager, distributed a "values statement" at the meeting that outlined what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win -- something Clinton failed to do in 2008. The campaign's purpose, the document states, is "to give every family, every small business, and every American a path to lasting prosperity by electing Hillary Clinton the
ISIS has taken the east of the city, it's not accessible," he says, sounding frantic, rapidly rattling off the neighborhoods and areas ISIS fighters had just stormed into. Moments later, we see the impact: An endless stream of humanity, shell shocked, and exhausted.
The scene was Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis early Friday morning. The team's boat got near the dock, when suddenly a swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack, some even going into the boat.
The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal announced this month. But while historical precedent suggests the President might indeed have the authority to move forward without Congress, the Obama administration should probably learn another lesson from history: Getting Congress' signature might be worth the effort. True, the fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising and consume a huge amount of energy.
Gwyneth Paltrow, the actress turned lifestyle guru, is known for promoting detoxes and health cleanses on her site, Goop.com. But she's now bringing awareness to the difficulties of life on food stamps. NEW YORK, N.Y.
Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill Thursday that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies," while creating an infrastructure, registration process and research program for the drug. (THC is the primary psychoactive substance in marijuana.)
Lady Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning, but everyone on board was safely evacuated. Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire, on Interstate 30 just northeast of Dallas, and uploaded it to CNN iReport.
At least 12 people were killed Sunday, and more injured, in separate attacks on a police station, a checkpoint and along a highway in Egypt's northern Sinai, authorities said. Six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb exploded near [...].
Photographer Carolina Sandretto is an Italian photographer based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter. Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography.
Senate passes Medicare reform bill. In a broad bipartisan vote, the Senate on Tuesday gave final approval to a Medicare reform bill that includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix," a method the government has used to ensure payments to Medicare providers will keep up with inflation. The bill, which passed 92 to 8, also includes a two-year extension of a popular children's health insurance program.
Roxy Walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special. Engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny.".
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year under a new government policy, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has announced. Currently parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons, or by stating they are "conscientious objectors," and still receive taxpayer funded child care benefits.
Obama needs to put on a strong performance in Panama at the Summit of the Americas if the U.S. is to have a chance of improving ties with neighbors who should be best friends, but who have drifted away as America has been focused on challenges at home and instability in the Middle East. Or at least Obama is hoping it won't be.
The U.S. military isn't the only contingent of Western forces in the region -- dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS. For Lt. Colonel John Schwemmer, the scenery is all too familiar. This is his sixth tour in Iraq, and he's back doing a job that he's been tasked with before.
Georgia chess grandmaster banned from Dubai Open. Sometimes the best ideas come from the bathroom. But Gaioz Nigalidze's ideas from the loo were a little too good.
P!nk's Body-Hating Response Rallies Her Fans. HLN's #MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online. We want to see the REAL parts.
Some supervisors at the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office were told to forge Reserve Deputy Robert Bates' training records, and three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties, the Tulsa World newspaper reported. Claims that the volunteer deputy's records had been falsified emerged "almost immediately" from multiple sources after Bates killed Eric Harris on April 2, reporter Dylan Goforth said. Bates claims he meant to use his Taser but accidentally fired his handgun at Harris instead.
A New Jersey auction house has removed items from its April 17 event after an uproar from the public. The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps. A grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition, a Facebook page, and mediation by "Star Trek" actor George Takei has resulted in Rago Arts and Auction Center agreeing to pull the items from the sale.
Who is V. Stiviano?. Donald Sterling's racist remarks cost him an NBA team last year.
NBA player Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury when he was arrested last week after leaving a nightclub in New York. In a statement Tuesday, the guard/forward for the Atlanta Hawks described his injury as "significant," and said it "was caused by the police.".
5 things to know about Aaron Hernandez's jury. From late January, when New England was living through one of its bleakest and snowiest winters, to a warm and sunny afternoon in April, the jurors in the first-degree murder trial of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez have considered how a promising young athlete who earned millions came to take the life of his onetime friend and future brother-in-law, Odin Lloyd. Please enable Javascript to watch this video NEBRASKA, Mass.
Jason Rezaian has sat in jail in Iran for nearly nine months. The Washington Post's bureau chief in Tehran was arrested in July on unspecified allegations.
In an audio message released Sunday, al Qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders, known as Ustad Ahmad Farooq and Qari Abdullah Mansur, were killed in CIA drone strikes in January in North Waziristan, near the Afghan-Pakistan border. While the fight against ISIS in Syria and Iraq holds the world's gaze, a simultaneous transformation is getting less attention: the deterioration of al Qaeda.
The U.N. Security Council voted Tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis -- the minority group that has taken over large swaths of Yemen, including its capital, Sanaa -- and supporters of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh. The resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, according to Mark Lyall Grant, Britain's ambassador to the United Nations.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport after receiving information she was leaving the country to join ISIS, State Security Minister David Mahlobo said. "We are still conducting further investigation."
Eleven channels associated with the French-language global television network TV5Monde went black late Wednesday due to an "extremely powerful cyberattack," the network's director said. In addition to its 11 channels, the network also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites, director Yves Bigot said in a video message posted later on Facebook. On a mobile site, which was still active, it said it was "hacked by an Islamist group.".
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight was ordered Thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly hit-and-run confrontation on the movie set of the biopic "Straight Outta Compton" earlier this year. In addition to that ruling, Judge Ronald Coen also lowered Knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million, a figure that defense lawyers called excessive.
How easy is it to confuse a gun for a Taser?. Robert Bates says he gets it, how you might wonder how a cop could confuse a pistol for a stun gun.
South Africa: South Africans Rally Against Xenophobia. As thousands of South Africans took to the streets of the city of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia, an online community has joined the protests.
Third person arrested in Panama City Beach gang rape. A third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape that was videotaped on a crowded stretch of Panama City, Florida, Sheriff's Office said Wednesday. Police arrested the suspect at 11 p.m. Tuesday.
Measles outbreak in California over. A measles outbreak that affected more than 130 Californians since December is over, the California Department of Public Health declared Friday. It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles.
Vin Diesel's "Furious 7" hits theaters Friday, months after controversy was stirred about the lack of diversity at the Oscars. There were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category, which was dominated by white males.
Natural gas line explosion injures 11 at California shooting range. A natural gas line blast at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people, including some inmates who were on a work detail there. Others being treated include a county road worker and two sheriff's deputies, Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims said.
'Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice' Trailer Leaks Online. A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer, which had Spanish subtitles on the screen. Ben Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman.
No identification, no Social Security card and only a box to live on. John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty Wednesday to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island. He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport. Two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- were named as accomplices, according to prosecutors.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing an employee Monday at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina. Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay, CNN affiliate WNCN reported, and investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime. Please enable Javascript to watch this video GOLDSBORO, N.C.
Remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members tied to the USS Oklahoma at Pearl Harbor will be exhumed this year, the Defense Department announced Tuesday. The hope is that most of the battleship's sailors and Marines can be identified. The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941, during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
I encountered two such individuals on my mission to Damascus -- Jihad and Mohammad -- tiny, vulnerable infants who were taken from Yarmouk in recent days, a place that was described last week by the U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon as "the deepest circle of hell." The fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children. Looking into those bright young faces, touching their pristine hands, the logic of our humanitarian mandate -- the mission to protect -- never felt stronger to me.
The desks of the small Madrassa are empty. Its 573 students, all male, are staying home after Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announced three days of national mourning following last week's deadly attack at a nearby university.
ISIS claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack Friday near the U.S. Consulate in the Kurdish Iraqi city of Irbil, according to several Twitter accounts linked to the terror group. The US Consulate was the target of the attack, ISIS said. At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police said.
It's not easy being the Pope. Not only does he shepherd nearly 1 billion Catholic souls,.
Pop culture's most talked-about stories of the week. Han and Chewie are back. An ESPN reporter went on a regrettable rant. And we all taxed our brains trying to deduce the date of Cheryl's damn birthday.
As the transport plane comes in to land at Sanaa Airport, the deep scars of the brutal conflict tearing Yemen apart are only too clear: wrecked aircraft line the runway, and nearby buildings lie in ruins. To most of the outside world, this war-torn country is off limits, the weeks-long battle between Houthi rebels and Saudi-led coalition forces making it too dangerous to visit, and a no-fly zone rendering its international airport all but obsolete -- but on Tuesday, CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef, the United Nations Children's Fund. The airport has previously been bombed.
Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday, the league said. The NFL suspended the 30-year-old football star in November over allegations that last May he disciplined his son, who was 4 at the time, too harshly with a "switch," or thin stick.
Tulsa County reserve deputy on leave after 'inadvertently' shooting suspect with his gun. (CNN) - A Tulsa County reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertent" shooting a suspect with his gun. Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital. TULSA, Okla.
Canadian actor Jonathan Crombie, who co-starred in the "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies, died this week at age 48. Crombie died Wednesday.
The lawyer for Robert Bates, an Oklahoma reserve deputy who fatally shot a man he meant to subdue with a Taser, on Saturday released documents that he says verify some of Bates' training as a law enforcement officer. The documents show Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period, took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times, from 2009 to 2014, to use a handgun. His evaluations say he got along with other officers and related well with the public.
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six-month anti-drug campaign. Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use during the nationwide campaign to "ban drugs in hundreds of cities," Liu Yuejin, Assistant Minister of Public Security, said Wednesday.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in Siberia. "For me those faces are like maps," Lazar said. "The more you look at them, the more you are discovering."
Andreas Lubitz had barely over 600 hours of flight time when he committed his act of horror. As a 21-year-old flight instructor, I had that much flight time; it hardly qualified as a lot of experience.
I remember traveling one day in the local train in Mumbai with my mother, my younger sister and brother. The compartment was extremely crowded. As we prepared to disembark, I felt my skirt being lifted and someone groping my private parts.
Why is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half. The Thursday massacre was the most deadly.
Jack White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto" with a brief, first-ever acoustic tour that will hit "the only five states left in the U.S. that he has yet to play," according to White's website. Rounding out the acoustic quartet on tour will be Fats Kaplin, Lillie Mae Rische and Dominic Davis.
CNN confirms that Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie (The Hollywood Reporter first broke the story).MacLaren was announced as director of the movie in November.The movie, starring Gal Gadot in the title role of the Amazon princess, is still set for release on June 23, 2017. Gadot will appear beforehand in "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice," due out March 25, 2016.
ABCABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets," The Hollywood Reporter has learned. Bob Kushell ("Anger Management," "3rd Rock From the Sun") will also co-write and is attached to serve as showrunner.
When Etan Patz went missing in New York City at age 6, hardly anyone in America could help but see his face at their breakfast table. His photo's appearance on milk cartons after his May 1979 disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. On Friday, more than 35 years after frenzied media coverage of his case horrified parents everywhere, a New York jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing, Pedro Hernandez.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, of Columbus, allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans -- particularly U.S. soldiers, execution style, the US Department of Justice said Thursday. He was remanded into custody on Friday. "I am confident in the system working fairly and (in) our client getting a vigorous and aggressive defense.".
National parks are free for two days this weekend. From the giant sequoias of Yosemite to the geysers of Yellowstone, the United States' national parks were made for you and me. And for Saturday and Sunday, they're also free.
Can you imagine paying $1,000 a month in rent to live in a one-car garage?. Please enable Javascript to watch this video SAN MATEO, Calif.
The public outrage over the "religious freedom" bills recently passed in Arkansas and Indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard, judging by their confused and contradictory responses. As poll watchers, they surely knew that most Americans now oppose the discriminatory laws and practices they accepted as normal only a dozen years ago.
In response to reports of big banks threatening to withhold campaign funds from Senate Democrats, Sen. Elizabeth Warren last week offered a defiant response: "Bring it on." Warren said she isn't going to slack off on her calls for breaking up banks and other measures to rein in Wall Street.
Rolling Stone's egregious mistakes of reporting and editing are regrettable but understandable. The magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
Duck Duckie's still got moves. On Tuesday night's "Late Late Show" on CBS, actor Jon Cryer reprised the character's record-store dance.
American woman shot in Pakistan. An American citizen was wounded by gunfire Thursday as she drove from the medical school in Karachi, Pakistan, where she works, police said. Debra Lobo, a 55-year-old California native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm.
Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen. But there is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back, that the fighting in Yemen is dying down or that lives there are being saved.
Ines Dumig is a photographer based in Germany. Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography.
Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father still is unable to talk or move two weeks after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure, federal officials say -- during a trip to the U.S. Virgin Islands, their lawyer said Saturday. Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John, where they were renting a villa at the Sirenusa resort.
At first police in Marana, Arizona, thought the shoplifted gun Mario Valencia held as he walked through a busy office park was locked and unable to fire. The cable through the lever and trigger couldn't be taken off, an officer was told by an employee of the Walmart where Valencia took the gun and some rounds of ammunition. But just 10 seconds after the worker told police that... a shot.
NHL player Jarret Stoll arrested in Las Vegas on drug-possession charge. The Canadian player is a center and has been with the Kings since 2008. He is reportedly involved with TV personality Erin Andrews, who is a Fox Sports reporter and co-hosts "Dancing with the Stars."
The children laugh and shriek, as some of them seem to always have the capacity to do no matter how depressing the circumstances. Their bright clothes provide splashes of color against the otherwise drab monotone white of the endless rows of tents.
CNN Heroes: Maggie Doyne, founder of Kopila Valley Children's Home in Nepal. Ten years ago, with her high school diploma and a backpack, Maggie Doyne left her New Jersey hometown to travel the world before college. She lived in a Buddhist monastery, helped rebuild a sea wall in Fiji, then went to India and worked with Nepalese refugees. There, she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in Nepal.
ESPN suspended reporter Britt McHenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced Thursday. The sports network announced her suspension on Twitter.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta answers your questions about medical marijuana. In case you haven't noticed, we're in the midst of a medical marijuana revolution. Given the amount of questions and mystery surrounding the science behind it, Dr.
Gisele Bundchen walks the runway for the last time. It's obvious that Tom Brady's love for his wife, model Gisele Bundchen, will never go out of fashion. Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday, and the New England Patriots quarterback wasn't just there to support her in person, he expressed his emotions to the world on Facebook. "Congratulations Love of my Life," Brady wrote.
Des Desperate for a home in 2013, Davion Navar Henry Only dressed up in a suit and borrowed a Bible from the boys home where he lived. Then he headed to a St. Petersburg, Florida, church to make a plea for his own adoption.
More than 300 suspects have been arrested in South Africa in connection with deadly attacks on foreigners that have forced thousands to flee, the government said Sunday. "We once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our.
"What's remarkable about this case was that nothing stopped these defendants from plotting their goal," said U.S. Attorney Andrew M. Luger of the District of Minnesota. "They were not confused young men."
AA freshly fallen tree in the roadway was Jason Warnock's first clue. Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, on Wednesday when he saw the tree, then looked up to see an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff.
Joy Joy Womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre, kicking her legs up to her head, jumping and spinning across the room. After class, she eats boiled sweets, one after another -- they are a cheap form of energy.
The greater adjutant stork is a majestic bird. Standing about 5 feet tall with an average wingspan of 8 feet, it soars over the Boragaon landfill like a great protector. It knows the residents and shies away from strangers.
Africa's new millionaires: The rise of the ultra-rich. Wealthy Nigerians used to travel abroad to get their fix of luxury goods. However these days, they can take a stroll around Victoria Island, an exclusive neighborhood in Lagos where brands like Porsche, Hugo Boss and Ermenegildo Zegna line the streets.
A lawsuit filed this week alleges Johns Hopkins University and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala from 1945 to 1956. Orphans, inmates, psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases to determine what drugs, including penicillin, worked best in stopping the diseases, the lawsuit says. The subjects of the experiments weren't told they'd been infected, causing some to die and others to pass the disease to their spouses, sexual partners and children. BALTIMORE, Md.
5 top takeaways from 'Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens' trailer. The Force is back. At an emotional event in Anaheim, California, director J.J. Abrams and the cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film.
"Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star and former child actress Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning. Richards was taken into custody by police at the Beverly Hills Hotel on accusations of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication after security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests about 1:30 a.m.
Two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest Eric Harris in Tulsa, Oklahoma, have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families, Sheriff Stanley Glanz said Monday in a news conference. The deputies were trying to arrest Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him.
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday for his role in the August 2013 drive-by shooting of Christopher Lane, a 23-year-old college student in Duncan, about 80 miles south of Oklahoma City. Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting. Lane, an Australian attending East Central University, was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by Luna.
Japanese court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors in the west of the country, citing safety concerns, a court official told CNN. Japan's nuclear watchdog, the Nuclear Regulation Authority, had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the Kansai Electric Power Company's Takahama nuclear plant.
The jailing of four Blackwater security guards, eight years after they killed 17 Iraqi civilians in a shooting in Baghdad, is a positive step for justice -- but is also not enough. The kind of horror represented by the Blackwater case and others like it -- from Abu Ghraib to the massacre at Haditha to CIA waterboarding -- may be largely absent from public memory in the West these days, but it is being used by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) to support its sectarian narrative.
A new way to talk about climate change is emerging, which shifts focus from impersonal discussions about greenhouse gas emissions and power plants to a very personal one: your health. It's easy to brush aside debates involving major international corporations, but who wouldn't stop to think -- and perhaps do something -- about their own health, or the health of their children?.
Mike Rowe is coming to a river near you. On Thursday's episode of "Somebody's Gotta Do It," Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke, the founder of Living Lands & Waters, who does just that.
How easy is it to draw and fire a handgun instead of a Taser?. × Deputy who shot Eric Harris turns himself in TULSA, Okla.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill on Friday that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or becomes unavailable.
There are two paths to practicing medicine in America. There's the traditional, time-tested way, where new doctors graduate from medical school and then pass a series of national exams while training for years as resident physicians. Then there's the approach being forged in Florida and Arizona: getting elected to a state legislature.
Suicide bomber kills 33 in Afghanistan. A suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad early Saturday, a local government spokesman said. The ISIS terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack.
French customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an American flag in the Caribbean.The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities, said Michael Lachaux, director of customs operations in Martinique.Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique on Wednesday,Lachaux said in an interview with the radio station France Info on Saturday.Martinique is an overseas department of France. In November, French customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms (
Robert Kennedy Jr. has apologized for the wrong things. First and foremost, vaccines do not cause autism. The two have nothing to do with each other.
Iraqii and U.S.-led coalition forces have successfully ousted ISIS from the nation's largest oil refinery, the coalition said Sunday. Iraqi security forces regained full control of the Baiji refinery, the Combined Joint Task Force said.
Con Concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, killing Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son, Hudson, authorities said. A couple in their 20s, who led a youth ministry, and their baby boy were driving underneath a highway overpass in Bonney Lake, a Seattle suburb, when other motorists heard the crackle of a pending collapse.
A second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow. Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down.
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions. On Monday, the group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy, stating that "such activities are fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers.".
The boat that sank in the Mediterranean over the weekend with hundreds of migrants on board may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid, a U.N. official said. Carlotta Asami, a spokeswoman for the United Nations' refugee agency, made the comments to CNN early Tuesday after she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in Catania, Italy.
Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences, because of fears it might run afoul of the country's anti-gay propaganda law. A clip of the video, which features a gay couple holding hands, got the 18+ rating from the independent TV Rain channel in Russia on Monday.
Somalia-based Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. Group spokesman Sheikh Abdiaziz Musab, speaking to pro-Al Qaeda outlet Andalus radio, said the blast targeted and killed several Somali intelligence agents.
EverEver written yourself a note, stuffed it in your pocket and headed out into the world only to discover that, somewhere along your journey, the piece of paper has disappeared?.
Mare Nostrum, which had been launched after some 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013, was replaced by the more modest "Operation Triton," under the auspices of the European Union's border agency, Frontex. It was designed as a policing rather than a humanitarian mission. On October 31, 2014, the Italian government announced the end of "Mare Nostrum" -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the Mediterranean to seek security and a new life in Europe.
The Gulf of Mexico's seafood industry, which supplies the United States with roughly 40% of its seafood, is finally starting to rebound. However, profound challenges remain, in part because so many questions about the long-term consequences remain unanswered. To this day, it's still unclear where all of the oil went, exactly how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a result of adaptation or a signal that the crisis is truly abating. One of the populations that can provide insight into these questions is the Gulf crab.
North Korea accused Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships Wednesday and demanded the release of the vessel and crew. The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July.
Now the real Boston Marathon trial can begin. A federal jury's decision to convict.
Heather Mack, 19, who gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago, was found guilty with her 21-year-old boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack on the Indonesian island last August. Bali, Indonesia.
Asiana Airlines plane overran runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport. Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m., according to fire department and ministry sources. There were 73 passengers and eight crew members -- including five cabin attendants, two pilots and a maintenance official -- aboard when the flight took off from South Korea's Incheon International Airport.
Madonna has a thing for making out with fellow performers on stage. First it was Britney and Christina, and now rapper Drake has been on.
Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at Sao Paulo Fashion Week on Wednesday night in an emotional farewell to the runway.Bundchen, who is married to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and has two children, has said she wants to spend more time with her family. On Wednesday night, Brady had a front-row seat at what was hailed as a historic moment in Brazil's fashion world.
A look at Oklahoma City, 20 years later. A fly-by of Pluto, 4 billion miles away. And the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world. These are your best videos of the week:.
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year's climbing season, resuming the quest to summit the world's highest peak after a deadly season last year. The April 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on Mount Everest.
Tsarnaev's bombs tore through their bodies: singeing flesh, shattering bones, shredding muscles and severing limbs. But on Tuesday, jurors also began to hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead. Now that he has been found guilty on every count, the jury must decide whether Boston Marathon bomber Tsarnaev, 21, should live or die for what he has done.
Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of Bishop Robert Finn, who remained on the job for years after becoming the highest-ranking U.S. Catholic official convicted in connection with the church's long-running sex abuse scandal, the Vatican announced Tuesday. Finn led the Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph, Missouri,.
'Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice' fan trailer gets a makeover. The much-discussed trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" just got a make-over. YouTuber Bobby Burns got to work on doing his own version using classic superhero footage.
6 things to watch on TV this week. The TV season is winding down, and the finales are starting. Those endings lead off this week's six things.
How will the new "Fantastic Four" differ from the original movie of a decade ago?.
10 Best and 5 Worst Moments at the 2015 ACMAs. Here's our breakdown of the 10 best and 5 worst moments at the ACM Awards. Eric Church & Keith Urban provide an opening wallop. (Billboard).
Bill Withers performs at the 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony in Cleveland, Ohio, Saturday, Jan. 8, 2015. (AP Photo/Tony Dejak) Singer Bill "Withers" Smith performs during the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony.
'Avengers' Director Joss Whedon Accused of Stealing 'Cabin in the Woods' Idea. The author of a 2006 novel has accused the "Cabin" director and Drew Goddard of stealing his idea. Peter Gallagher alleges that he "was contacted by multiple credited entertainment industry producers who expressed interest in the Book," but he doesn't specify Lionsgate or Mutant Enemy. A Lionsgate spokesman declined to comment.
Mariah Carey Christmas movie: 5 reasons it has to happen. According to EW, New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project with Carey's good friend director Brett Ratner co-producing.
Olivia and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron 3.".
The arrest and death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore has stoked protests and accusations of police brutality. But it's unclear how Gray, arrested on a weapons charge April 12, suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. BALTIMORE, Md.
Pope Francis, the first pontiff to hail from Latin America, played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States, earning praise from both President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro.
A fiery sunset greeted people in Washington Sunday. The deep reddish color caught Seattle native Tim Durkan's eye. He photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city's skyline.
How can I know if my food is safe to eat after a specific product recall?.
Freedom of information -- always sounds like a good thing. But there are many lab tests to order on yourself: Medicare's Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory Fee Schedule lists over a thousand.
Cyclist's bike stolen, recovered in China. If there's one thing that hurts more than the saddle sores from cycling around China for 460 days, it's having the bike you did it on stolen just days before completing your epic trip. That's what happened to cyclist Wang Pingan.
Saudi Arabia has executed a second Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta, which is itself facing fierce criticism for its failure to heed calls for clemency for a number of foreigners on death row. The Indonesian government summoned the Saudi ambassador.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers. His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others. And observers were quick to point out that Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia.
Three British citizens arrested in the United Arab Emirates after they were found plane spotting near Fujairah airport are to be released Monday, their lawyer, Nasser al-Hashem, tells CNN. The three have been in jail since February 22.
Boko Haram militants this week attacked civilians inside Cameroon for the first time in a month, killing at least 16 villagers, a military spokesman told CNN Saturday. Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, said Maj.
The commando asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals and because he was not authorized to speak. An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi, Kenya, to Garissa, where Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on April 2, according to one of the commandos who participated in the response operation.
Pope Francis' iPad sells for $30,500 at auction. It seems iPads hold their value pretty well, especially if they have papal connections. One that Pope Francis once owned just sold for a record-breaking price.
Polish prince challenges Farage to duel over immigration. London (CNN) -- A Polish Prince has challenged populist British politician Nigel Farage to a duel in London's Hyde Park over his immigration policy. Farage, the leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP), complains that Britain's.
ItalyItalians have a saying: "Too much of something cripples it.".
Carlsberg City: A new neighborhood in Copenhagen. It's the beer so good the Danes hate to see it leave. Now, Copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge.
Smoke smoke from a growing 1,850-acre wildfire loomed over portions of the Florida county. What started as a nonthreatening and seemingly shrinking grass fire on Sunday, consuming fewer than 100 acres according to Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Battalion Chief Al Cruz.
At least 21 people were killed during a shipwreck off the northern coast of Haiti, the country's civil protection directorate told CNN on Thursday. A small boat carrying about 50 migrants.
Chile's Atacama Desert, one of the driest places on Earth, resembles some of the faraway planets monitored by giant telescopes there. The lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe.
The announcement this year of a new, original Dr. Seuss book sent a wave of nostalgic giddiness across Twitter, and months before publication, the number of pre-orders for "What Pet Should I Get?" continues to climb. To keep up with demand, the book's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies, Barbara Marcus, president and publisher of Random House Children's Books, said in a news release Monday.
As the Boston Marathon runners begin and, hopefully, finish their exhausting run Monday, the lingering memories of the 2013 marathon blasts will be seen and felt in all sorts of ways. More public safety officials throughout the route, a finish line area that prohibits large bags, National Guard members in full uniform giving some sense of security -- those are the most obvious, visible changes. And there are less obvious ones too.
Early Clinton campaign calculations, the favored way for one of her opponents to channel his concerns, a GOP ticket for the generations, and Republican calendar concerns filled our Sunday trip around the "Inside Politics" table. Watch the volume as O'Malley uses YouTube to test Clinton pokes.
Parents of the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings are making an emotional, passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case. Please enable Javascript to watch this video BOSTON, Mass.
Philip Rudd, who previously denied all allegations, made a surprise guilty plea Tuesday before the trial began. The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis while executing a search warrant at his home in New Zealand.
The U.S.-Iranian relationship is not symmetrical. It's not as if we both are doing terrible things and are looking for a fair and equitable compromise to stop our respective bad behaviors. Iran isn't 10 feet tall in this region, but by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce Iran's power, the United States is only making Tehran taller. Consider the following:.
Syringe exchange programs not only save lives, but also save millions of dollars in HIV treatment costs. While a clean syringe costs less than 50 cents, the average lifetime cost of treating an HIV-positive person is estimated to be around $425,000. Please enable Javascript to watch this video WASHINGTON, D.C.
E Erika Langhart had a zest for life. By the time she finished college she had already visited 37 countries.
A newly discovered species of glassfrog looks an awful lot like the famous Muppet. Bulging white eyes, Kelly green skin, the works. But the name's not nearly so catchy as its famous counterpart: Hyalinobatrachium dianae, or Diane's bare-hearted glassfrog.
Orthodox rabbis convicted of kidnapping. Rabbis Mendel Epstein, 69; Jay Goldstein, 60; and Binyamin Stimler, 39, were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in New Jersey federal court. NEWARK, N.J.
If one is to believe lawyers for Aaron Hernandez, the former New England Patriots star had no conceivable reason to kill a man who was his friend, his future brother-in-law and a reliable purveyor of the marijuana he chain-smoked. The jury in the high-profile trial resumed deliberations Wednesday after deliberating about an hour-and-a-half on Tuesday. Please enable Javascript to watch this video BOSTON, Mass.
James Best died in hospice in Hickory, North Carolina, of complications from pneumonia, said Steve Latshaw, a longtime friend and Hollywood colleague. James Best, best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "The Dukes of Hazzard," died Monday after a brief illness.
77 people -- including Illinois State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch -- died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the NCAA tournament final. Please enable Javascript to watch this video BLOOMINGTON, Ill.
Artist Dave Poulin has "had plenty of opportunity to step forward, and our last conversation he wanted $8,000 to $10,000," Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost said. "And then he stated that if we didn't have the funds and we didn’t like the statue, we should take it down and put it in storage.".
Here are some of the most heinous attacks on Kenya by the Somali terrorist group. When Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in Garissa, Kenya, on Thursday, it was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi. But it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence between Kenya and the Somali militants.
Al Al Qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah early Thursday, freeing at least 270 prisoners, a third of whom have al Qaeda links. Khaled Batarfi, a senior al Qaeda figure, was among the escapees, officials said.
The Force is strong in Turkey -- or at least it appears to be at one university where thousands of students are petitioning for a Jedi temple to be built on campus. The petition, which was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir, so far has almost 5,500 signatures. Please enable Javascript to watch this video ISTANBUL, Turkey.
Frances Bean Cobain: 'I Would Have Had a Dad If He Had Lived'. "Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art, because the world demanded it of him," Frances says bluntly at one point. "I think that was one of the main triggers as to why he felt he didn't want to be here and everyone would be happier without him.".
UNICEF said Friday that an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies, meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of Yemen, had at last landed in Yemen's capital, Sanaa. The conflict is exacting a heavy toll.
Canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against ISIS in Syria, hitting one of the Sunni militant group's garrisons. The CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa, Canada's Department of National Defence said Wednesday.
Michael Slager, 33, has been fired, officials said Wednesday. His wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born, North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey told reporters.
About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm battered Sydney and nearby areas. About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off and we won't be able to reach them for a few days," Michael Langley, spokesman for the New South Wales State Emergency Service said.
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe. CNN affiliate TVNZ reported that the complaint was filed Thursday morning by Graham McCready, an accountant described in the New Zealand press as a "serial litigant," who has previously launched private prosecutions against Key.
"Success Kid" is likely the Internet's most famous baby. You've seen him in dozens of memes, fist clenched in a determined look of persevering despite the odds. Success Kid -- now an 8-year-old named Sammy Griner -- needs a little bit of.
Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. Three of the teens, all of them either 18 or 19, have since been released "pending further enquiries," Australia's Federal Police said, but two remain in custody. Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act, and was denied bail Saturday.
Did Aaron Hernandez kill Odin Lloyd, a man who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee and might have become his future brother-in-law?. Please enable Javascript to watch this video FALL RIVER, Mass.
I don't always talk about news events with my daughters, but there was something about the story of ESPN reporter Britt McHenry and the wildly offensive way she spoke to that towing company employee that made me bring it up. One of the main things I preach to my girls, ages 7 and 9, is the importance of respecting other people, no matter who you are and what you go on to accomplish. It's something that my husband and I just do -- we show respect to everyone from a taxi driver to a teacher to the President of the United States.
Alfred Taubman, a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls, died Friday at the age of 91. A.
The Blob, a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific Ocean, has grown this year -- and it's not the only one; there are two others that emerged in 2014, Nate Mantua of the Southwest Fisheries Science Center -- part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) -- said in September. (CNN)Marine life seen swimming in unusual places. Water temperatures warmer than they should be. No snow where there should be feet of it. Some scientists are saying "The Blob" could be playing a factor.
It lays claim to being the most isolated human settlement on earth, a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean, home to just under 270 people. Now, the tiny settlement of Tristan da Cunha is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over.
Police Sergeant Jeremy Daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee. Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood, and suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody. Cottonwood police dashcam video, released Friday, shows Cottonwood Police approaching the group of eight people -- all identified as members of the Gaver family -- around a large SUV in a Walmart parking lot on March 21.
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire, which began 100 years ago Friday, is said by some scholars and others to have been the first genocide of the 20th century, even though the word "genocide" did not exist at the time. April 24, known as Red Sunday, is commemorated as Genocide Remembrance Day by Armenians around the world. Friday is the 100th anniversary of that day.
Larry Upright died just one day after Hillary Clinton announced she was running for president. And in his obituary, his family made just two requests: please donate to a children's hospital, and please don't vote for Clinton. Please enable Javascript to watch this video CABARRUS, N.C.
Wall Wall Street is more than ready for Hillary Clinton. The former secretary of state confirmed on Sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed White House bid, Clinton will once again seek the Democratic Party's nomination for president.
Lewis Hamilton steals pole position from Nico Rosberg. Mercedes driver and F1 championship leader Lewis Hamilton stole pole position for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix from teammate and fierce rival Nico Rosberg in dramatic fashion. Hamilton took first place on the front row.
On the stage of a TV studio in Phnom Penh, Cambodian-American Ly Sivhong is telling an engrossed audience a tragic, but familiar, story. On April 17, 1975 -- 40 years ago today -- life as Ly knew it was shattered when her hometown fell to the genocidal Khmer Rouge regime of the Communist Party of Kampuchea. PHNOM PENH, Cambodia.
Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year, according to Arezo Malakooti, director of migration research at Altai Consulting and author of one of the most detailed studies of migration patterns. The IOM told CNN it is seeing a spike in would-be migrants from Senegal, Mali, Guinea and Gambia in West Africa. Upheavals and instability across much of Africa and the Middle East -- combined with the perception that Libya's doors are open -- have led to a massive increase in the numbers trying to reach Libya. "Worsening repression in Eritrea"
A 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance, only to have French authorities come and discover weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches -- an attack that someone in Syria requested, a top prosecutor said Wednesday. The man was identified later as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve told television broadcaster TF1. Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins said Ghlam asked for medical help at his home in Paris' 13th district Sunday morning, claiming he had accidentally injured himself when he mishandled a weapon.
Valerie Braham: 'Now I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one'. The flame of remembrance burns in Jerusalem, and a song of memory haunts Valerie Braram as it never has before. This year, Israel's Memorial Day commemoration is for bereaved family members such as Braham.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared this week on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl, the site of the national cemetery, as the nation prepared to mark its Memorial Day on Wednesday. A Palestinian teenager's name will be removed from an Israeli memorial commemorating fallen soldiers and the victims of terrorism after his family and others complained. Abu Khadeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July, according to prosecutors.
Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film, Ben Stiller announced Friday. Stiller, who plays the title role of male model Derek Zoolander, dropped the news by sharing a photo of "Little Penny" Cruz as a child and saying he was "excited" to welcome her to the cast.
A Saudi-led coalition Tuesday ended its "Operation Decisive Storm" -- its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen -- and a new initiative is underway. "Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process.
Adam Gadahn, 36, was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation. Neither he nor Ahmed Farouq -- another US citizen and al Qaeda operative who died in what the White House said was "likely a separate" operation -- was specifically targeted, according to the statement. Warren Weinstein was abducted by al Qaeda in Pakistan in 2011, and he died along with another hostage, Italian Giovanni Lo Porto, in the attack that killed FarOUq. Adam Azzam Gadahn was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda, speaking against his native country on behalf of a terrorist organization that
North North Korea. On March 20, 2013, a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in.
It's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement but already it feels like the campaign is in high gear. A number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies and the outline of their messages is starting to emerge.
Hillary Clinton's father's headstone tipped over. Was it politics or something else? No one is sure, but the headstone of Hillary Rodham, was found tipped over this week, just a couple of days after she announced her run for the White House.
A family trip to a Nebraska zoo turned terrifying for one family after the gorilla they were looking at leaped toward the exhibit window, cracking it. Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his Reddit page. It has already been viewed more than 1 million times.
Survivors and family members of those killed in the Boston Marathon bombing shared their stories -- often gruesome and heartbreaking -- in the sentencing phase for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after attempting to convince jurors that Tsarnaev was cold-hearted and remorseless.
The world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse. An economic powerhouse conservatively valued at $24 trillion, one that annually churns out the equivalent of $2.5 trillion, is under assault. However, I am not referring to one of the G8 economies, but to the "super economy" of the ocean.
Iran and Saudi Arabia need to talk, but we cannot talk to determine the future of Yemen. The Saudis thus far ignored the Iranian proposal.
Libya Libya is an example of the long reach of Italian imperialism. Libya was for a brief period an incorporated province of Italy, on the model of French Algeria, and Libyan families still feel the devastating effects of the fascist dictatorship's persecution of those who resisted Italian occupation.
The United States is failing its partners. If you want to understand one of the reasons that terrorism has been allowed to spread, it is that the majority of our partners do not have credible and capable special operations forces to respond to and defeat the current threat -- and we're not doing nearly enough to address the problem. The trouble is that little of our foreign military financing -- including the recent Counterterrorism Partnership Funds -- goes toward this vital facet in our efforts to counter extremism. As a result, violent extremists are making troubling gains.
India. Yogita Kanhaiya is expecting a baby soon. She already has a two-year-old son.
SkyWest Airlines flight makes emergency landing in Buffalo, New York, after passenger loses consciousness. The passenger received medical attention before being released, according to Marissa Snow, spokeswoman for SkyWest. She said the airliner expects to accommodate the 75 passengers on another aircraft to their original destination.
Cigars are welcome no more. The city known for excess of everything went smoke-free as Tuesday became Wednesday at midnight.
Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row, including Filipino maid Mary Jane Veloso and Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to Indonesia's "execution island" -- Nusa Kambangan -- where the ten are being held.
Five years ago, Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. This week, she got threatened for her action.
Federal marshals have arrested Scott Kelley, a fugitive accused of kidnapping who was featured on CNN's "The Hunt.". "It was time to come home," Kelley told People magazine about his decision to return to the United States.
Varvara, a North Pacific gray whale, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) to cross the Pacific Ocean and down the West Coast of the United States to Baja, Mexico. A North Pacific grey whale has earned a spot in the record books after completing the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded. (CNN) — A whale has made a record-breaking crossing of the Pacific.
Prison life won't be pretty for Aaron Hernandez, the former NFL player and convicted murderer sentenced to life without parole. After correction officers evaluate him, he will be shipped to Massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison, one of the most high-tech jails in the United States with no history of breakouts: the Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, about 40 miles outside downtown Boston. SHIRLEY, Mass.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband, Adam Davis, were standing near the finish line on the day of the Boston Marathon bombing. Her feet were sore from wearing 4.5-inch heels.
Chinese police on Monday released five female activists who were detained last month, family and friends of the women tell CNN. The women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted, attorney Liang Xiaojun said. Police can summon the women for questioning at any time, he added.
Obama's climate plan ignores nuclear power. If there was ever any doubt that the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan, all you have to do is look at how they treat nuclear energy. WASHINGTON, D.C.
America will be too fat to fight. Forget about rampant diabetes, heart attacks and joint problems -- the scariest consequence arising out of our losing battle with the bulge is the safety of our country. In about five years, so many young Americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. That alarming forecast comes from Maj, Gen. Allen Batschelet, who is in charge of U.S. Army Recruiting Command.
The Girl Scout cookie epidemic. For many Girl Scout troops it is officially cookie season. I am concerned that every bite and every sale not only delivers an unhealthy snack, but also a dangerous nutrition message.
ESPN's Britt McHenry this week found herself in the news, rather than reporting on it, after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in Arlington, Virginia. Among the highlights, as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to LiveLeak: "I'm on television and you're in a f**king trailer, honey," and "I wouldn't work at a scumbag place like this."
Bench warrants for deadbeat dads are not arrest warrants for crimes. The court's remedy is to issue a warrant to bring a criminal arrest.
HillaryHillary Clinton shouldn't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she'll start an unnecessary war. Cheryl Rios, the CEO of Go Ape Marketing, sees it: "We're built differently."
Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region. In his interview with Tom Friedman from the.
Robert Bates was a reserve deputy sheriff, which allowed him to "work full time jobs in the community and volunteer... time in a myriad of events such as the Special Olympics and Tulsa State Fair," according to the Tulsa County Sheriff Office's website. But Bates wasn't limited to crowd control at sporting events for the disabled.
HillaryHillary Clinton's campaign rollout -- a video announcement/campaign ad/short film that debuted Sunday afternoon -- that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach. In case you're skeptical, Vox has posted a handy "by the numbers" for her campaign video, and there are 38 people besides Clinton in the two-minute ad. Twenty of them are women.
Rubio is all in. The Republican senator from Florida has announced that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination.
Sawyer Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond." Early Thursday he committed suicide, his sister Madylin Sweeten said in a statement.
The NFL draft begins on April 30, and while the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are on the clock with the No. 1 overall pick, the clock is still ticking for another team -- the New England Patriots -- as they await the results of the "Deflategate" investigation, which has already lasted more than three months. Please enable Javascript to watch this video WASHINGTON, D.C.
Police said Thursday that there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a spectacular holiday weekend heist of safe deposit boxes in the heart of London's jewelry district. Detective Chief Inspector Paul Johnson of the London Metropolitan Police Flying Squad.
Police investigating a spectacular heist in the heart of London's jewelry district said Friday they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond. Southern Monitoring Alarm Company called the Metropolitan Police Service, also known as Scotland Yard, at 12:21 a.
Sofia Vergara is playing defense in a legal battle initiated by her ex-fiance: He wants to keep the two frozen embryos from their relationship, both female. The 42-year-old actress and star of the hit TV sitcom "Modern Family" split from businessman Nick Loeb in May 2014.
Five years after the 2010 Macondo oil spill, the long-term negative effects remain unclear and are, in many cases, highly disputed. On April 20, 2010, a final cement seal of an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico failed, causing what has been called the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history and taking the lives of 11 rig workers.
Kenyan police arrest 5 suspects in Garissa attack. Kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack at Garissa University College, Interior Minister Joseph Nkaissery said Friday, according to CNN affiliate NTV. Kenyan police are offering a bounty of more than $210,000 for the suspects, the Ministry said via Twitter.
Italian authorities said they had launched a "vast anti-terrorism operation" Friday, going after suspects associated with al Qaeda who had discussed a range of targets, including the Vatican. The suspects had been under surveillance for years, some as far back as 2005.
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" has fetched $137,000 at an auction. That's a pretty healthy profit for the collector who bought the outfit decades ago for a mere $20 as it was on the verge of being tossed out.
Eco-friendly electric cars from Africa. When pedal hits metal, an eco-friendly process gets set in motion. Powered by electricity and engineered for efficiency, car enthusiasts from across Africa are sparking home-grown concepts that have gotten experts revving.
From banking to hospitality and real estate to e-commerce, Ashish Thakkar built his vast business empire from scratch. The Ugandan tycoon started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15. These days, his Mara Group spans over 20 countries and he's been called Africa's youngest billionaire.
BrazilBrazilian police have arrested the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party, bringing the bribery investigation at the state-run oil company Petrobras a step closer to President Dilma Rousseff. Federal police arrested Joao Vaccari Neto at his home in Sao Paulo on Wednesday morning.
Hillary Clinton's foreign policy challenges. Well, the thought experiments are finally over. Hillary Clinton’s online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and to what kind of president she might be.
Decision time for GOP operatives, another controversial foreign policy choice for President Obama, a ripple effect from the Robert Menendez indictment, and two insights into Hillary Clinton's campaign launch -- those stories filled our Sunday trip around the "Inside Politics" table. Read more at CNN.com.
Chile's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, the country's National Geology and Mining Service said early Thursday. The agency said it was evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption, but indicated it was "stronger than the first one."
How to avoid offending someone at a Korean drinking extravaganza. Most companies in South Korea have hoesik at least once a month and sometimes every week. Literally, this means dinner with co-workers.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence issued an executive order Monday to extend a public health emergency in his state in response to a rampant HIV outbreak.
What's better for America's status in the world?.
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union." CNN announced Tapper's promotion on Friday morning.
Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again, two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign. The airstrikes Thursday targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa, two Yemeni Defense Ministry officials said. The attacks lasted four hours.
Emergency operators get lots of crazy calls, but few start like this. Caller: "Hello, I'm trapped in this plane and I called my job, but I'm in this.
The United States is urging China to release five young feminists who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. Authorities detained the women in three cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- a few days ahead of events planned for International Women's Day on March 8.
Hillary Clinton's'rebranding' may be more successful than critics think. This week, Hillary Clinton surprised the world yet again -- not with the official launch of her campaign but for the unconventional way she did it. She sure pushed the envelope.
The United States has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change. The United Nations' international climate negotiations in Paris in December are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions. In baseball, there's a traditional comeback after a tough season: "Wait 'til next year!"
Ahmed Farouq didn't have the prestige of fellow al Qaeda figure Osama bin Laden, the influence of Anwar al-Awlaki, or the notoriety of Adam Gadahn. Still, he was a big deal.
A week after a Japanese court issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors in a western prefecture, a different court has rejected a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in the country's southwest. By dismissing resident's demands, the court ruled that the Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima could restart.
Sissa Abu Dahou puts on traditional male dress, known as a jalabiya, and heads into the streets of the Egyptian city of Luxor for a day of hard work. But this man of the house is actually a woman. The grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state.
Jared Jared Leto as the Joker. The Clown Prince of Crime will appear in 2016's "Suicide Squad," the first movie featuring the best-known comic book villain, where there is no Batman present.
What everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of Democratic politics. In case you needed a reminder that President Barack Obama isn't running for office again, he just alienated not only Republicans, who have largely resented him from day one, but the progressive base of Democratic voters. Obama has argued with the progressive potentate Elizabeth Warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy.
What does the surviving Boston Marathon bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, deserve and why?. So now the real trial is underway:  What does the surviving Boston Marathon bomber, Dzhohar Tsarnaev, deserve and why?  What's he likely to get and why.
The Dark Knight returns... again. DC Comics (a Time Warner company, like CNN) announced Friday the final chapter in his "The Dark Knight Returns" trilogy, in the form of "The Dark Knight III: The Master Race" ("The Dark Knight Strikes Again" was released in 2001). This third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall.
Georgia Southern University was in mourning Thursday after five nursing students were killed the day before in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah. Caitlyn Baggett, Morgan Bass, Emily Clark, Abbie Deloach and Catherine (McKay) Pittman -- all juniors -- were killed in the Wednesday morning crash as they were traveling to a hospital in Savannah, according to the school website.
It didn't seem like a fair fight. On one side were hulking football players and pro wrestlers, competing as teams of two to eat as many pounds of steak as they could, combined, in one hour. On another was a lone 124-pound mother of four.
After deliberating for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days, listening intently to the testimony of more than 130 witnesses and reviewing more than 400 pieces of evidence, the teary-eyed men and women of the jury exchanged embraces. Since late January, their work in the Massachusetts murder trial of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez had consumed their lives. It was nothing like "Law & Order." The days were long and tedious.
Warren Weinstein, who appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda, was accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike in January. But it didn't have to be that way.
Homeopathic medicine. Creams such as Arnicare for pain relief or liquids such as Sidda Flower Essences for male virility are part of a $2.9 billion business that has seen "explosive growth," according to the FDA.
Why are so many Americans criminals?. It's time for policymakers to address this criminal justice crisis head on.
John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award. We belong to different generations and political parties. We live in different states and under different circumstances.
Larry Johnson remembers the fear and feeling of helplessness from being on the SkyWest Airlines flight that made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. "I thought we were done," he said Thursday, one day later. Larry Johnson was flying with his brother, his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son when he says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger.
In 2011, al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage. Then, about a year later, his family paid money to his captors, said a Pakistani source who was in regular contact with the kidnappers. It did not lead to the American aid worker's release, and he was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike in January, the White House announced Thursday.
Nigeria: Mysterious affliction kills 18. A mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern Nigeria, leaving health officials scrambling to determine its cause. The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13, health officials said Sunday.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc has found the lost city of Lagunita. He has been the first to see ancient pyramids, 30 meters high, that he spotted in aerial photographs from his office among the Baroque Mitteleuropean cobbled streets of Ljubljana, Slovenia, some 10,000 kilometers away. Since 1996, he and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico, few of which the modern world had known before. But just why so many settlements were simply abandoned, long before the arrival of the Spanish
Kim Jong Un to visit Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations. This time, it's official: Russia expects North Korean leader Kim Jong un to visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations. North Korean representatives have confirmed that Kim will be in the Russian capital for May 9 Victory Day celebrations, Russian presidential aide Yuri Ushakov said Wednesday.
Australia's First World War Remembrance. A man stands on a beach in a distant land. Waves lap his ankles. He wades through the gentle dawn light, arms outstretched, his head held high.
Giovanni Lo Porto put himself in harm's way to help, heading to Pakistan to work on a much needed reconstruction project following deadly flooding there. His work and his life, as he knew it then, came to a halt on January 19, 2012.
Netanyahu made the request at President Reuven Rivlin's Jerusalem home Monday. "We have made progress and are on the way to forming a government," Netanyahu told Rivlin, according to a statement.
Veteran journalist and author Sandra Mackey died Sunday, her son, Colin Mackey, said. She was 77.
Saturday's deadly earthquake in Nepal was the "big one" experts were waiting for based on the region's history. Earthquakes are a fact of life in the South Asian country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year, geologist.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, law enforcement officials said Saturday. The investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works, the officials said. No arrests have been made.
Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- Her second floor cafe on a dusty industrial road was painted with dashes of psychedelic colors. And Sabeen Mahmud surrounded herself there with books, people, and discussions on technology, human rights and women's entrepreneurship. Introducing others to Jimi Hendrix, street art, and talking politics was not supposed to get her killed.
You'll see him in your McDreams. On Thursday night's "Grey's Anatomy," Dr. Derek Shepherd -- the hunky character played by Patrick Dempsey -- died.
Aaron Aaron Hernandez, the former New England Patriots tight end and now convicted murderer, made none of those excuses. He walked into court with an air of bravado.
Turkey denies genocide. Turkey denies that a genocide took place, maintaining that hundreds of thousands of Turkish Muslims and Armenian Christians died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I. Turkey also disputes Armenia's count of the numbers killed, putting it at 300,000.
Her grandmother, 90 years old at the time, told Cetin that her real name was Heranus. Like many other survivors of 1915, Heranus assimilated and kept her identity hidden. Many feared a repeat of the horrors they witnessed and barely escaped.
Kim Kardashian, sister Khloe and their two cousins recently toured Armenia -- on the eve of the 100th anniversary of the mass killings, which is marked on April 24 -- they spotlighted a humanitarian crime that Pope Francis recently called "the first genocide of the 20th century.". For years, when I'd tell new friends I was half-Armenian, a puzzled look would cross their faces, before they'd ask something like, "Do you have a country?"
Africa: The African buyer market in London. Sophisticated, glamorous and spacious -- when the super-rich go house-hunting they are searching for something special. Real estate in London's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers' eye. Mayfair, Kensington and Chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite.
When Bruce Jenner told ABC's Diane Sawyer and the world on Friday night that "Yes, for all intents and purposes, I'm a woman," the declaration wasn't particularly surprising. Paparazzi have been stalking the former Olympic champion for months, breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss, pierced ears and French manicure. The social media reaction? A cheer, a shrug -- and not much else.
On April 21, on the opening day of his trial in Lüneburg, where he stands accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz, the 93-year-old Gröning faced the court and acknowledged, "It is beyond question that I am morally complicit.".
These are the best videos of the week. Living under ISIS. Selling Girl Scout cookies. And giving some lip -- like Kylie Jenner.
Transcript: CNN Student News. Some questions addressed this Thursday: How has the U.S. Supreme Court addressed the use of force by police? What impact might lower gas prices be having on hybrid.
Protesters are gaining steam in Baltimore after a man died from a devastating injury he allegedly suffered while in police custody. Demonstrators have vowed they'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice.
One of the youngest suspects yet has been arrested on terror-related charges in England. A 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead and urging the beheading of "someone in Australia," Deborah Walsh, deputy head of counter terrorism at the Crown Prosecution Service, said in a statement Thursday.
Save the Children CEO: Nepal is one of my favorites. While casualty accounts following the magnitude-7.8 quake Saturday are still difficult to confirm -- hardly surprising considering that communication lines have been severely disrupted -- estimates we are hearing from the ground are already placing the number lost in the thousands, with the official toll now at around 1,500 expected to keep growing as the hours and days pass. Please enable Javascript to watch this video KATHMANDU, Nepal.
It's been a busy few weeks for multiples. The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8, and the parents are blogging about their unique experience.
It's a warm afternoon in Miami, and 35-year-old Emanuel Vega has come to Baptist Health Primary Care for a physical exam. Dr. Mark Caruso shakes his hand with a welcoming smile.
Tobacco companies sue FDA over free speech rules. Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the Food and Drug Administration alleging that the FDA is violating the companies' free speech rights.
YouTube is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo," was uploaded on April 23, 2005 by one of the site's founders. A decade later, the site gets billions of views every day.
How to unleash your creative potential. Have you ever found the creative inspiration you were seeking at the most unexpected time, or thought you were having that long-awaited problem-solving epiphany just as you nodded off to sleep?.
Doing weird stuff to your body in the name of beauty isn't anything new. Humans have been changing the shape of our skulls, inking ourselves up and sticking things through various protuberances since before we figured out how to write. Please enable Javascript to watch this video NEW YORK, N.Y.
Richard Corliss, whose populist passion for all genres of movies illuminated Time magazine's coverage of cinema for 35 years, died Thursday night in New York City. He was 71.
Another controversy has erupted from the press tour for the soon-to-be-blockbuster Marvel's "Avengers: Age of Ultron." After Robert Downey Jr. walked out on an interview, his co-stars Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner found themselves in hot water Wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview.
Geoffrey Lewis, 'Every Which Way But Loose' Co-Star, Dies at 79. Geoffrey Lewis began his long association with Clint Eastwood in "High Plains Drifter" (1973). He also appeared with the actor in "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot" (1974), "Bronco Billy" (1980), "Pink Cadillac" (1989) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997)..
Just weeks after Marvel's "Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix, the company confirmed Tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016. The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock (played by Charlie Cox), who was blinded as a child, as he fights injustice by day using the law.
Common to Join 'Suicide Squad' Cast. Oscar-winning rapper-turned-actor Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide SQUAD," Warner Bros.' all-star action movie featuring DC Entertainment super-villains. Common is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night" and was part of the cast for acclaimed civil rights movie "Selma."
Kenneth Ortega to Direct 'Rocky Horror Picture Show' Special. The special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the 1975 cult classic, which has grossed more than $112 million and still plays in theaters across the country. The project, tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture show Event," is casting-contingent.
With help from some filmmakers, 102-year-old Alice Barker went back in time. Barker was a dancer in such New York nightspots as the Cotton Club and the Cafe Zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s, part of chorus lines that entertained alongside notables including Bill "Bojangles" Robinson and Frank Sinatra. There were motion pictures made of Barker, but she had never seen any of them.
'Sopranos' theorists now have a little more to chew on. Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly.
An internal inquiry by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in 2009 concluded that Reserve Deputy Robert Bates was shown special treatment and that training policies were violated regarding his role with the agency. Bates is the volunteer deputy who fatally shot suspect Eric Harris instead of stunning him with a Taser on April 2. An internal investigation found that some employees felt pressured to sign off on certificates for training that Bates had not completed.
Fif Fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on Friday after a day on the loose in upstate New York. BETHLEHEM, N.Y.
Florida A&M drum major Robert Champion's hazing trial ends in guilty verdicts. Benjamin McNamee, 25, Aaron Golson, 22; and Darryl Cearnel, 28, will be sentenced June 26, according to Orange County, Florida, online court records. Until then, they'll be held in the county jail.
Cathay Pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong after one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage. The pilot, who has not been identified, was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night, the Metropolitan Police said in a statement Monday. "At around 21:10 hours police at Heathrow Airport were called to a staff search area."
Nepal earthquake: Survivors' accounts. "I've seen many cracked walls and roads and buildings. The Dharahara was packed with people a while ago."
Korea's buddae-jjigae -- or "army stew" as it's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War when local cooks had to get inventive with U.S. Army rations. While jiigae can refer to.
Full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower the overall risk to the public, according to a report released Monday. The report by the TSA's Aviation Security Advisory Committee said that full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection.".
Americans on the United States' no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights and be given the opportunity to dispute their status, according to court documents filed by the Justice Department this week. The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process.
Betty Betty Whitehead Willis, the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign, died over the weekend. She was 91.
It was a busy week for trending stories. If you weren't online much, here's some of the best of what you missed:.
Anthony Doerr's novel had received rave reviews upon its release last spring. It's his second novel and fourth work of fiction, including two short story collections.
"Big Hero 6" fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie: the female characters, Honey Lemon and GoGo. So Veronica decided to send an email to Springs Creative, the company that makes the fabric, saying that as a woman and an engineer, she was offended. She got an answer from the company but it didn't help.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. Read week one and week two. I am horrified by the story of Lot in Genesis.
CNN's 'Finding Jesus' viewers ask questions about Mary Magdalene. My name is Mark Goodacre, and I am a professor of New Testament and Christian origins in the Department of Religious Studies at Duke University. I was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN's "Finding Jesus.".
Burger Burger King will sponsor the wedding of an Illinois couple. They accepted the restaurant chain's offer to pay for their July affair on Monday.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, who is of Indian descent, is pitching a book about his experiences as a "hard-partying college frat boy who discovered the seriousness and complexity of America's racial problems while posing as a black man.".
The overturned convertible was smoldering, when police pulled up to it on a New Jersey roadway. The driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious. Not knowing when the car might burst into full flame, they scrambled to save her, while a police dash cam rolled.
This week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide -- the Turkish massacre of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians. And it's also the seventh year in a row President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity.
Poll: Which of these climate change stories you like best?. We're 2 degrees from a different world. Humans never have lived on a planet that's 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) warmer than it was before we started burning fossil fuels.
Is America a nation divided? And has Ohio found a better way to bridge those divisions?.
It is not hard to imagine the conversations inside the Hillary Clinton camp prelaunch: How do we take the best known woman in the world and make her seem like less of a big shot?.
Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples in the same way they would all other customers, even if they have religious objections. A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples, while 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons.
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution, according to a spokesperson for the Attorney General's office. "Seventy-two hours notification means three days, at least, to go to the execution."
6 TV shows to watch this week. Two of the best actresses on television are back on "The Big Bang Theory" -- one of our six suggested things to watch. (CNN) - Two of TV's best actresses are back. Here's what to watch on TV this week.
Texas veterinarian Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head and posted a proud photo this week on Facebook of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft. Lindsey added a comment, CNN affiliate KBTX reported.
At least four people are missing after a severe storm capsized sailboats Saturday afternoon during a regatta in Mobile Bay, Alabama, Coast Guard spokesman Carlos Vega said. Five people were initially reported missing, but one of them has since been.
The devastating earthquake that hit Nepal on Saturday set off avalanches that left large numbers of climbers dead, missing, injured or trapped on Mount Everest. And aftershocks, including a strong one Sunday, are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside, complicating rescue efforts. These are fearful times on the highest mountain in the world.
Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached for the May 2 fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. Tickets will be available for the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight on May 2 in Las Vegas.
There will be no hate crime charges for two males arrested in the beating of a man that may have been sparked by a question about the 2014 shooting of Michael Brown. ST. LOUIS, Mo.
We came on a commercial flight to Kathmandu. Blue tarps were visible from the sky for people to hide under -- signs that there was something wrong.
Jon "Bones" Jones, the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion, is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident" Sunday morning, Albuquerque police said. A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident, police said. ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.
Strippers are invited to perform at funerals, often at great expense, to attract more mourners, China's official Xinhua news agency said. Another report suggested another motivation: that the performances "add to the fun.".
"We have seen more pain and more horror and more grief in this courtroom than any of you would have thought possible," attorney David Bruck said as Tsarnaev's defense team began what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty. "No punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims' families.".
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti, which borders Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia in the Horn of Africa. For the camp's 10,000 residents, who mostly come from these countries, this is supposed to be just the first stop on their journey to resettlement through the United Nations. Many though say it's been years and they're tired of waiting.
For years, Warren Weinstein's family frantically searched for details about his whereabouts and pushed for his release. His wife said she was still searching for answers Thursday after U.S. officials revealed the 73-year-old American aid worker had been accidentally killed in a US drone strike targeting al Qaeda. Warren Weinstein.
From Friday to Monday, a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued, according to the Italian coast guard, which said it received on Monday -- alone -- SOS calls from 20 boats in distress. On Tuesday, a spokesman with Save the Children told CNN the group fears 400 migrants could be missing, citing testimony from survivors who said their ship carrying 550 people capsized in the Mediterranean Sea about 80 miles off the Libyan coast.
The clamor and chaos of the previous day has dissipated by the time we arrive at Kathmandu's only airport. The mad rush of 24 hours previously, in those first confusing, cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the Nepali capital, had died down.
On July 20, 2012, excited moviegoers gathered for a midnight screening of "The Dark Knight Rises" at the Century Aurora 16 Multiplex Theater in Aurora, Colorado. Eighteen minutes into the show, and shortly after midnight, a gunman opened fire on the audience. Twelve people were killed and 70 were injured.
No one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made, Atlanta Police spokeswoman Elizabeth Espy said. Police are still looking for suspects. Gunshots were fired at rapper Lil Wayne's tour bus early Sunday in Atlanta.
As As the earth shook in Nepal, tremors were felt over the border in India as well. It was a call to action: Within hours of the first 7.
Please, not even a demonstration. Freddie Gray's family had asked there be quiet on Baltimore's streets the day they laid him to rest. And above all, no violence.
MomMom furious at her son for apparently taking part in the Baltimore riots has become a sensation online. In video captured by CNN affiliate WMAR, the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head repeatedly, and screaming at him. As he tries to walk away, she follows him, screaming, "Get the f--- over here!"
A professor at Texas A&M Galveston said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace, that they lacked maturity -- and that he would fail the entire class. Irwin Horwitz, an instructional associate professor in the university's department of maritime administration, told CNN affiliate KPRC that he had finally reached a breaking point. "Enough was enough," Horwitz said.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington, according to documents provided by the police department. He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended, the Secret Service said.
More than 4,600 people dead. More than 9,000 injured. Eight million affected across Nepal.
By the time you reach the outskirts of Nepal's capital, even the roads are showing signs of the sheer magnitude of this earthquake -- and the enormity of the task awaiting a country struggling to come to terms with devastation and tragedy. The main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks, the tarmac torn apart by the force of Saturday's huge tremor. One lane is bisected by gaping, half-meter (1.5 feet) fissures.
The official did not rule out that captives from other Boko Haram camps that were raided might be girls abducted in April 2014 from a school in Chibok. The official said he would have the final word by day's end on Wednesday. [Previous story, posted at 4:52 p.m.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7.8 earthquake broke out. The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets, surveying destruction to homes and historic sites and capturing scenes of heroism and chaos. JAWALAKEL, Nepal.
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday amid a growing political scandal. Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation.
Robert Downey Jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a British journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie Downey was there to promote. The journalist instead started asking personal questions about the actor's political beliefs and "dark periods" of addiction and jail time.
Baby pulled from rubble of Nepal earthquake. A photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the Nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country. KATHMANDU, Nepal.
A new entry and a waiting game on the Democratic side, a go-slow approach from a leading Republican, and the big stakes of 2016 filled our Sunday morning trip around the "Inside Politics" table. Here's... Bernie!.
Ten Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on Nobel Peace Prize-winning activist Malala Yousafzai. The assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides, according to Pakistani antiterrorism judge Mohammad Amin Kundi.
Melamchi, Nepal (CNN) -- Even from high above, flying in an Indian Air Force helicopter, it is easy to see that the people of Melamchi, central Nepal, are happy to see us. Residents in this remote village, about a 44km drive from Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, stand on the distinctive steeply terraced hillsides and wave furiously as the relief flight passes overhead. The mission, a joint effort between Indian air crew and a Nepalese army medical team, is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since Saturday's massive 7.8-magn
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday. Please enable Javascript to watch this video KATHMANDU, Nepal.
Australia and Indonesia: What will happen next. Canberra, Australia (CNN) Before "Bali Nine" duo, Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, the last Australian executed for drug offenses abroad was Van Tuong Nguyen by Singapore in 2005. Although Canberra then, as it is now, was strongly opposed to the death penalty.
Indonesia Indonesia's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states -- or, more accurately, to those who control the coercive apparatus of the state at any particular moment. State officials can order people to be killed because -- especially in democracies -- we authorize them to do so.
Baltimore investigators handed their files on Freddie Gray's death over to prosecutors Thursday, but the public shouldn't expect much. It's largely a procedural step, and given the overtures from Baltimore officials, the state's attorney's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate.
German police overnight thwarted a terrorist plot by a radicalized couple, a plan they suspect involved bombing a bicycle race near Frankfurt, a German terrorism researcher briefed by investigators told CNN on Thursday. German prosecutors and police said that a man and a woman had been arrested in the Frankfurt-area town of Oberursel on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack.
Nepalese rescuers pull 15-year-old from rubble. On Day Six of Nepal's tragedy, life triumphed as rescuers pulled an 15 year old from the rubble of a multistory residential building in one of Kathmandu's hard-hit neighborhoods. A large crowd erupted in cheers as Pemba Tamang was carried out on a stretcher.
Mosby, 35, is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States, according to the state's attorney's website. She took over her first elected post in January, now faces what is likely to be the toughest case of her nascent career. BALTIMORE, Md.
Kim Bok-dong is 89 now, and is going blind and deaf. She knows her health is fading, and she can no longer walk unassisted. But her eyes burn bright with a passion borne of redressing her suffering of a lifetime ago.
Native American actors walk off 'Ridiculous Six' set in protest. About a dozen Native American actor have walked off the set of an Adam Sandler movie comedy, saying the satirical Western's script is insulting to Native Americans and women, according to a report. LAS VEGAS, N.M.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress. The address marks the first time in history that the head of the Japanese government will address the entire U.S. Congress.
The flag is crude, handmade, but the message is clear -- allegiance to ISIS in Afghanistan. And the timing -- with America withdrawing, the Taliban fractured, young men disillusioned and angry -- could not be worse.
WhenWhen Les Moonves sits down at a restaurant in Hollywood, it's usually the waiter's lucky night. As the president and CEO of CBS Corp., which includes Showtime, Moonves runs a powerful television network in a town where nearly every waiter also wants to be an actor.
Judge Jerry Baxter. A judge, declaring he wasn't "comfortable" with seven-year prison terms given earlier to three educators in the Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal, on Thursday reduced their sentences to three years in prison.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: Days of Future Past." Singer revealed that the "Newsroom" actress would play Betsy Braddock in the movie.
Beginning Friday, blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD). In a statement, the department said the change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency... at the forefront of our day-to-day activities.".
South Africa's immigrant crisis. Congo immigrant Tarsis Mboma Thale has a small business selling T-shirts in Johannesburg.
Iran Iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the former President of Iran, famously said during a 2007 trip to the United States, "In Iran, we don't have homosexuals, like in your country."
Haw Hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow. He's also got a secret super-talent at singing Ed Sheeran parodies.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleaded not guilty Thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in January in Compton, California. His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million, but Los Angeles County Judge Ronald Coen denied the request.
The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning. Past Tony winner and three-time nominee Mary-Louise Parker unveiled the nominees with Bruce Willis, who is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery.".
Jared Jared Leto's interpretation of the Joker is an internet sensation. The Oscar winner put on white makeup (and a lot of tattoos this time).
Jay Z defends Tidal on Twitter. It's a hard-knock life, Jay Z, especially on Twitter. The uber private rapper/entrepreneur broke out of his usually reserved social media shell over the weekend.
Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017. The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018.
Sandra Bullock, 50, joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor, including last year's cover girl, Lupita Nyong'o, and Gwyneth Paltrow in 2013. She seems to be taking it all in stride.
Stephen Hawking has partnered with the silly lads of Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song" from their 1983 film "The Meaning of Life.".
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the Boston Marathon bombings and murder of an MIT police officer. Having focused on his dead older brother, portraying Tamerlan Tsarnav as harsh, overbearing and bent on jihad, they now shift to the younger brother who tagged after him, as one witness said, "like a puppy.".
Diana, Princess of Wales: Should the Duchess of Cambridge name her baby after her late mother?. As the world awaits the impending birth of William and Kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation and heated debate.
As the Great Kate Wait of 2015 drags on, giving a whole new meaning to Kate's somewhat unfair noughties nickname, "Waity Katie," bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate. Please enable Javascript to watch this video LONDON.
Iran will do what it takes to fight ISIS. "If our Imam, our Supreme Leader orders us, we will destroy ISIS.".
Actress Linda Thompson, Bruce Jenner's second wife, says she can "breathe a little easier" knowing her ex-husband has found the strength to publicly declare he is transgender. In a two-hour special that aired Friday, the Olympic gold medalist and "Keeping Up With The Kardashians" star said he has the "soul of a female" even though he was born with male body parts.
Bernie Sanders, my Vermont senator and, indeed, a friend of many years, is now running for president. He noted at his announcement (with a familiar note of wise irony): "People should not underestimate me."
I will always remember when things turned. I was 12 years old, and my younger sister and I were with our parents attending a peaceful demonstration in downtown Miami near the courthouse. We were there to protest the acquittal of four police officers.
It's time for liberals to look local. With Washington gridlocked over almost everything and congressional Republicans standing firm against any further expansion of domestic policy, the odds.
When the earthquake struck, we huddled under a concrete beam -- and prayed. In another room, my grandfather could not comprehend what was happening and, instead of seeking cover, drifted towards the window.
Fab Fabien Le Coq is a photographer based in France. You can follow him on Facebook. Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography.
These are the FBI's most-wanted domestic terrorist fugitives:. On the morning of April 19, 1995, a man parked a rental truck packed with explosives in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. This wasn't the work of a foreign terrorist group.
WhenWhen she was growing up, Mui Thomas, wanted to be a fashion model -- not an unusual aspiration for a young girl. But Mui suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves the skin on her face and body red raw and open to infection.
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in the streets of the northeastern Nigerian town of Damasak this past weekend, according to local officials and a resident. The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group.
South Africa celebrates Freedom Day. April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa, commemorating the country's first democratic elections in 1994 election which saw Nelson Mandela elected as president.
Libyan army chief rejects EU military intervention. The head of the Libyan Army has rejected the possibility of cooperating with any European military intervention in his country intended to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach Europe. Gen. Khalifa Haftar said Libyan authorities had not been consulted and, in any event, military action would not solve the problem. "The decision was taken without consulting the legitimate Libyan side."
Prosecutor Javier de Luca has dismissed allegations that Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing in Buenos Aires. The case became of high interest globally after Nisman was found dead days after making the accusations.
Ci Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. Back in 2010, at the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5 killings per day.
Abe Abe surprised nobody by missing a great opportunity to dispel worries and tensions he raises with his revisionist views on history. During this 70th year anniversary of the end of World War II, Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history because he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's […].
Russian spacecraft originally bound for the International Space Station will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere after flight controllers lost contact with it, American astronaut Scott Kelly said Wednesday. The spacecraft that lost contact wi.
NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary. For more than a year NATO has been condemning Russia's actions in Ukraine as well as its frequent, large scale, snap military drills and those long-range Bear bombers repeatedly flying very close to NATO airspace. So, if Joint Warrior is not a deliberate response, it's certainly a timely one.
The Israeli military conducted airstrikes Sunday night in the area between Israel and Syria, targeting a group of militants allegedly trying to plant a bomb on the Israeli border. The Israel Defense Forces said the airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights against four militants who crossed into the area from Syria. "A group of armed terrorists approached the border with an explosive device," the Israeli military said.
Jean Nidetch, founder of Weight Watchers, dies at 91. Combining healthy eating with moral support, Jeanne Nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry. She was 91.
You might call her a watchdog, because this Boston area Doberman really has a thing for timepieces. She recently ate three.
Mary Doyle Keefe, model for Norman Rockwell's 'Rosie the Riveter,' dies at 92. As the model for "Rosie," Mary Doyle Keefe became the symbol of American women working on the home front during World War II. SIMSBURY, Conn.
"Do you use toilet paper?" That's the question 26-year-old Anamarie Shreeves receives most often.
Are you smarter than a really smart Singapore high school student? See if you can figure out Cheryl's birthday, the Singapore logic problem that's got the Internet twisted into knots. SINGAPORE.
The night before her daughter's first triathlon, Kate Parker could tell the child was nervous. Ella and her younger sister, Alice, are athletic, loud, curious, wild-haired kids.
Chief Justice John Roberts is back in the spotlight. Roberts -- who shocked conservatives nearly three years ago by providing a pivotal vote to uphold Obamacare -- once again faces a judicial crossroads in a historic case.
In a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in Haiti in 2010, a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on Earth today. The latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which would actually makes it about 40% larger than the 7.8 currently being reported. That's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934, which killed around 10,000 people.
Ben Ben Powers, Who Played Thelma's Husband on 'Good Times,' Dies at 64. Ben Powers joined the cast of "Good Times" for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season, playing Keith, a professional football player.
Atop the Amazon bestselling books list this month sat an unexpected title: "Secret Garden." It wasn't Frances Hodgson Burnett's 1911 novel about a sour little girl's magical place, making a book club comeback.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, largely due to rising rates among women, according to the study by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington, published Thursday in the American Journal of Public Health. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention defines heavy drinking as exceeding an average of one drink per day during the past month for women and two drinks per day for men.
Cassandra Cassandra C., as she is identified in court documents, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families by a judge in December. She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
3 yoga-based moves to improve your golf swing. People have long underestimated the athleticism necessary for golf. But over the last decade, with fit golfers like Tiger Woods, Adam Scott, and now Jordan Spieth all winning the Masters, the training perspective on golf is shifting.
Roseanne Barr has revealed that she is slowly going blind. In an interview with The Daily Beast, Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma.
A new study has found that acetaminophen, the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines, reduces not only pain but pleasure, as well. The authors of the study, which was published this week in Psychological Science, say that it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain. But their new research led them to the conclusion that it also blunted joy -- in other words, that it narrowed the range of feelings experienced.
55 Ways to Protect Your Eyes. Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind. Here, five ways to protect your peepers.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21. The state's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes.
The number of new HIV infections in a rural Indiana county has grown, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The institute is working with state health leaders to control the "severe outbreak," which has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana. The outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December.
The latest outbreak of bird flu -- the worst in the U.S. since the 1980s -- is not a likely threat to humans, reports the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. But as with any potential threat to human health, they are preparing for the worst just in case.
Kathmandu.nepal.gov.in When the earthquake hit, many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around.
Can a prayer for diamonds actually turn up a gem?. When you're exploring the fields at Crater of Diamonds State Park, the odds are higher than usual.
Jacob Lawrence painted this picture around 1940. This is important to know because there are some people who blame President Barack Obama for racial tension in America as if the March on Washington scrubbed away the lasting effects of 300 years of inequality.
North Korea's enigmatic ruler was expected to be preparing to emerge from his fortified country for a visit to Moscow to join celebrations next week marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II in Europe. The trip was highly anticipated. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited the market for his project "Flower Man," which is a series of portraits that casts light upon the people behind the petals. When Hermann was in Kolkata working on another assignment, he went to the market as a tourist.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix, Nico Rosberg claims he ruined his race. Buckle up for another Mercedes battle in the Formula One world championship. Lewis Hamilton took victory for the Silver Arrows.
In an email to his students, Irwin Horwitz accused them of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting." The professor at the Texas A&amp;M University Galveston Campus expected his missive would create some conflict, but that it could then be resolved quickly -- and quietly. GALVESTON, Texas.
Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba, designed to look and move like a real person. It was put on temporary display at the department store. Toshiba says it has 43 motors allowing it to move, speak in sign language and even sing. × Meet Pepper -- the world's first emo robot Tokyo (CNN) A crowd gathers near the entrance of Tokyo's upscale Mitsukoshi Department Store, which traces its roots to a kimono shop in the late 17th century.
Joni Mitchell's friend files legal petition to be her conservator. A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator. She remains at the hospital, according to Leslie Morris' court petition filed April 28.
Richard Dysart, the award-winning stage actor who gained fame playing law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law," has died. He was 86.
Here are a few things we hope the new show will offer:. With the announcement that E! will air a new documentary series this summer about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female, fans are eagerly awaiting bearing witness to the former Olympian's journey. The as yet not titled eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26.
Baltimore police said rioting at a shopping mall and elsewhere Monday afternoon started amid rumors, spread on social media, of a "purge" led by large groups of marauding high school students. The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel, last year's. BALTIMORE, Md.
The ride from Kathmandu to near the epicenter of Nepal's devastating earthquake is not for those who get easily carsick. Steep slopes and small winding roads through deep river valleys greet us as we make our way to a town where Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured.
Be afraid -- be very afraid. This is the warning the world deserves to hear.
Kathmandu is a city with few good stories right now, but Tanka Maya Sitoula has one of them. The 40-year-old mother-of-four was at home when Saturday's deadly 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck, bringing the 5-story building down around her ground floor apartment.
Freddie Gray was arrested Baltimore police on the morning of April 12 without incident, according to police. Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic.
Corinthian's closure is a positive development in a long struggle to hold for-profit colleges accountable. Now that Corinthian is finally shutting down, we must finish the job. Please enable Javascript to watch this video WASHINGTON, D.C.
C-SPAN's live telecast of the White House Correspondents' Association dinner on Saturday night, hosted by Cecily Strong of "Saturday Night Live," was not Strong's finest hour. Even so, there were some genuinely funny moments, although the ratio was low, and you had to be patient to get to them..
The Hillary Clinton presidential campaign surely anticipated the coming wave of inquiries and criticism about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities run by the Clinton family -- questions set to get a thorough airing in a new book called "Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich" by Peter Schweizer, coming out May 5. My guess is that the issues raised by the book will prompt Team Clinton to put its candidate on the road, where she can continue holding loosely scheduled, informal meetings with ordinary Americans -- the sorts of people more concerned about local jobs than whether some foreign
Inside Inside a plane at Miami International Airport, baggage handlers are going on a shopping spree with passengers' bags. What they don't know is that they are being recorded on a hidden camera.
Never mind. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has backed out of next month's visit to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Thursday.
Christopher Scarver, who was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Dahmer and another man at Columbia Correctional Institution in 1994, said the confessed cannibal would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them. "He crossed the line with some people -- prisoners, prison staff," the newspaper quoted Scarver as saying. "Some people who are in prison are repentant -- but he was not one of them."
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month, the first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms. Parent company Geely Automobile, which bought Volvo in 2010, is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand.
With a well-paid job in finance and his own apartment, Li Lifei is living the Chinese dream. But there's one missing ingredient -- his own car.
Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday, marking the third time since last week, the National Service of Geology and Mining said. Gregorio Billikopf lives across Lake Llanquihue from the volcano.
Venezuelan native Maickel Melamed, who is battling muscular dystrophy, completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. Tuesday. A group of energized fans rallied for the 39-year-old as he walked down Boylston Street in the pouring rain with volunteers from his foundation, Vamos.
Google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field. Google's executives won't even discuss the subject with organizations representing law enforcement.
Oscar-Winning Cinematographer Andrew Lesnie Dies at 59. Known for balancing technology with artistic considerations, Lesnie also shot "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" (2011), directed by Rupert Wyatt. The Oscar-winning cinematographer who spent more than a decade collaborating with director Peter Jackson on the six "Lord of the Rings"and "Hobbit" films, has died.
Lois Lilienstein, co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" -- the Canadian preschool show that ran on Nickelodeon during the early 1990s -- has died, aged 78. Her son, David.
Johnny Kemp, best known for the 1988 party anthem "Just Got Paid," died this week in Jamaica. The singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay on Thursday.
Percy Sledge, R&B belter whose biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," became a cornerstone of soul music, died Tuesday. He was 73. Sledge died in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, said Stephanie Price of the East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner's Office.
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel welcome son Silas Randall Timberlake. "Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather Bill Bomar, who died in 2012, while Randall is the musician's own middle name.".
Lifetime has its follow-up to its "Unauthorized Saved By the Bell" TV movie: the network is now taking on Full House. The female-skewing cable network has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story" (working title).
'Avengers: Age of Ultron' review: The powers of Marvel's all-star superheroes go a bit wobbly in 'Age of Ultron.' Faced with the daunting prospect of topping the surprise and excitement of 2012's The Avengers, the third highest-grossing film of all time, writer-director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle. To be sure, series junkies will get their fix from the sheer massiveness of the exploits, but at least two of the big action scenes are lackluster, while the climax and resolution could have been worked out in more
Is 'Furious 7' worth seeing?. The seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star Paul Walker.
English actress Michelle Keegan has been named the sexiest woman in the world by British men's magazine FHM. The 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the BBC series "Ordinary Lies" and the long-running British soap opera "Coronation Street."
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands. A former U.S. Navy aircraft carrier that survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts looks remarkably intact at the bottom of the Pacific, according to federal researchers who surveyed the wreck last month with an underwater drone.
Think it's hard to redeem your miles for an airline award ticket? It depends on which airline rewards program you've chosen, which route you're flying and when you book your ticket, according to a new Consumer Reports study of 70 million passenger trips over the past two years.
Lynch's job won't be easy: As the nation's top law enforcement officer, she takes the reins of a Justice Department that has been walking a fine line between nudging local police departments in the direction of better community relations, and threatening legal action against departments where discrimination or brutality are out of control. But as events in Baltimore demonstrate, too many local departments aren't getting the message. Lynch will need to put down the carrots, pick up the stick and make clear that the Justice Department intends to crack down on police abuse by using one of its most potent weapons: the power to withhold federal funds from local departments.
A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas on Wednesday after DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter. Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday in the colonial city of Guanajuato, in central Mexico, believing she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston.
The best part of the Supreme Court oral arguments about marriage equality was when Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg alluded to S&amp;M. OK, she didn't actually mention S&M, but Ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago, when it was "a dominant and a subordinate relationship.".
What do Walmart, Target, and now the Koch Brothers have in common with the American Civil Liberties Union, ColorOfChange.org, and the Center for American Progress?.
The quaint town of Dunblane, Scotland, has been set abuzz by the wedding of tennis legend Andy Murray to his long-term girlfriend, Kim Sears. Saturday's event -- dubbed "the royal wedding of Scotland" -- took place at Dunblane Cathedral, with cheering crowds spilling onto the streets to support their home-grown talent. The grand slam and Olympic champion donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt, while his bride dazzled in a vintage-style gown by British designer Jenny Packham.
Is it real? Four rainbows in New York. After the New York area received a large amount of rain, four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on Tuesday.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) It is an unimaginably hideous outcome. To be raped by your cousin's husband; be jailed for adultery as your attacker was married; to suffer.
Kabul's streets, you can easily find the uneasy legacy of America's longest war. Outside one mosque -- mixing with other men desperate for a day's worth of casual manual labor -- are five men who months ago had one valuable skill NATO depended upon: they speak English. Now however, their world has turned upon them. KABUL, Afghanistan.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe uses the area's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posed as green plastic figurines -- similar to the popular toys that many children play with. The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s.
Freddie Gray died Sunday under circumstances that are unclear. Video recorded at the scene shows Gray, with his hands behind his back, screaming as police raise him to his feet. They drag him to a waiting van.
Toya Graham told CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360˚" in an interview that aired Wednesday night. "He was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing.".
Deliberations resumed on Thursday, one day after New York Supreme Court Justice Maxwell Wiley ordered the jury to continue efforts to reach a decision on the guilt or innocence of a bodega worker named Pedro Hernandez. A New York jury deliberating the fate of the man charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old Etan Patz is struggling to reach a verdict. The little boy's disappearance, more than three decades ago, sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children.
James Holmes made his introduction to the world in a Colorado cinema filled with spectators watching a midnight showing of the new Batman movie, "The Dark Knight Rises," in June 2012. The moment became one of the deadliest shootings in U.S. history.
Why do we watch boxing?. This weekend, millions of people are expected to tune in to watch two men beat each other up.
The Bangladeshi migrant's description provides new details about what may have happened aboard the ship, which sent out a distress call in the dark of night Saturday after a couple of days at sea. As rescuers approached, authorities say migrants on the boat moved to one side, hoping to be saved. Catania, Italy.
Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018, joining an elite club of nations who have explored Earth's satellite. The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency divulged the plan to an expert panel, including members of the cabinet and the Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology Ministry on Monday.
The U.S. said Tuesday that deploying warships to Yemen to monitor nearby Iranian vessels has given America "options" for how it could react to Iran's behavior in the region. The warships are being deployed to monitor.
Pastor Creflo Dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650. Dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him.
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change, refocusing on the issue from a public health vantage point. After the event at Washington's Howard University on Tuesday, Obama sat down with me for a one-on-one interview.
Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party were killed and another was wounded in clashes with Turkish armed forces in eastern Turkey, the country's military said Saturday. Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting that took place in the eastern city of Agri, the armed forces said in a written statement.
Indonesian court has rejected a bid by two Australian drug smugglers -- members of the "Bali Nine" -- to challenge their planned executions. Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island" for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco on Friday, a fiery crash that killed at least 35 people -- most of them children -- state and local media reported. The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame. Debris scattered across the road, while smoke rose into the sky, videos posted to social media show.
Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought, say scientists from the University of Utah. Underneath the national park's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon nearly 14 times over.
How would you get your nation's president to hear you out? Put your name and number on.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege in January are suing a French media outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting during the hostage-taking. According to Paris prosecutor's spokeswoman Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre, the lawsuit was filed March 27 and a preliminary investigation was opened by the prosecutor's office Wednesday. The media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages, who were hiding in a cold room during the attack, by broadcasting their location live during the siege.
Malaysia helicopter crash kills six, including former US ambassador. A helicopter crash Saturday in Malaysia killed six people, including the nation's former ambassador to the United States and a high-ranking member of the prime minister's staff, the Malaysian state news agency Bernama reported. The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, at 4:55 p.m. Saturday.
WouldWould you want a TV program about your family history to include details of a distant, long-deceased relative who had owned slaves?.
Iran's hostage-taking is part of a consistent pattern. On Thursday, President Barack Obama revealed that a U.S. drone strike had killed Warren Weinstein and Giovanni Lo Porto, two aid workers held hostage on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. Al Qaeda had sought to trade the two for prisoners held by the United States and an end to drone strikes.
Why aren't the Slants given the same privileges as Dykes on Bikes or Buddha Beachwear?. Given the lingering controversy over the Redskins' trademark, our five friends from Oregon didn't stand a chance.
Sof Sofia Vergara's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created while they dated. In an op-ed published by The New York Times on Wednesday, Nick Loeb explained his rationale for fighting to keep the two female embryos he shares with the actress.
The streets were empty but not quiet. Shelling began to boom through the Yemeni city of Aden on Thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board the boat that had brought us here from Djibouti. Aden is a city gripped by fear, desperation and want.
Alaska Airlines flight forced to make emergency landing after ramp agent found asleep inside cargo hold. The agent, who is an employee of Alaska contractor Menzies Aviation, told authorities he had fallen asleep, the statement said. He appeared to be in OK condition. Please enable Javascript to watch this video SEATTLE, Wash.
A gunman walked into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, on Monday and shot the school's print shop operator, killing him, authorities said. The school was placed on lockdown, and the gunman remains at large. Please enable Javascript to watch this video GOLDSBORO, N.C.
Libyan smugglers lure migrants with discounts. Tripoli, Libya (CNN) Smugglers lure Arab and African migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers, a CNN investigation has revealed. A smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature. And while that doesn't mean that he can do away with traditional materials like bricks, cement, and plaster, his system promotes a whole new idea of engineering.
Italian navy takes control of seized Libyan fishing boat. The Italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily, the Italian military said Friday. The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata, according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces.
"Full House" reunion and spinoff? You got it, dude!. Co-star John Stamos announced Monday night on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" that Netflix has ordered up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series called Fuller House.
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public, the Orioles announced Tuesday. The closed-door contest follows the postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox until a doubleheader scheduled for May 28 following unrest in Baltimore.
Houthi leader: 'Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming'. As Saudi forces pounded southern Yemen with a fresh series of airstrikes Wednesday, Houthi rebels called for peace talks. The U.N.-sponsored talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks," Houthi spokesman Mohammed Abdulsalam said in a.
Kentucky falls to Wisconsin in Final Four. The Kentucky Wildcats' bid for perfection ended Saturday night at the hands of the Wisconsin Badgers, who rallied for a tough 71-64 victory in the NCAA men's basketball Final Four at Indianapolis. They will meet four-time national champ Duke in Monday night's title game. Please enable Javascript to watch this video INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.
Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex about 10:25 p.m., said Brian Leary with the United States Secret Service. According to a source with knowledge of the investigation, the man made it 10 to 15 feet in on the South Lawn but "was compliant" once he saw the dogs ready to engage with thim. Hunt is in custody and charges are pending, Leary said.
"Of course it's not the right word, to call our children 'thugs,'" Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes told CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront.". Please enable Javascript to watch this video BALTIMORE, Md.
Judge Jeffrey Sutton doesn't have a lot of company on the appeals courts these days. Sutton, who sits on the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati, penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage.
South Africa's xenophobic violence kills 6. Terrified foreigners hiding in police stations and stadiums. Machete-wielding attackers hacking immigrants to death in major cities in South Africa.
Kenya's Interior Ministry says Mohamed Mohamud, also known by aliases Dulyadin and Gamadhere, is the mastermind of Thursday's Kenya university terror attack. "We appeal to anyone with any info on #Gamadhere to share with relevant authorities and security agencies.".
Freddie Gray was arrested by police on April 12. The 25-year-old was carried in the van for 40 minutes.
A U.S. Army soldier was killed Wednesday in an attack in eastern Afghanistan by an Afghan National Army gunman, a US military official told CNN, shortly after an American official met with a provincial governor. An Afghan soldier opened fire on the U. S. troops as they were leaving a meeting at the compound, said Fazal Ahmad Shirzad, police chief of Nangarhar province. It wasn't immediately clear whether the assailant was among them.
Ben & Jerry's and New Belgium team up for a beer inspired by ice cream. Beer and ice cream. It doesn't exactly spring to mind.
Suzanne Suzanne Crough, the child actress who portrayed youngest daughter Tracy on the '70s musical sitcom "The Partridge Family," has died. She was 52.
BobBobbi Kristina Brown, the daughter of Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston, has "global and irreversible brain damage," according to her grandmother. Though the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, she remains unresponsive, Cissy Houston said in a statement Monday.
Mercury Mercury is the planet closest to the sun in our solar system. It's so hot that water couldn't possibly exist there.
ISIS beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation -- not only from Islamists, but from the "disbelievers" they target. But beyond this, some experts such as psychology professor Arie W. Kruglanski suggest, the wave of savage beheading may be having an unlikely knock-on effect. He says the spate of jihadist beheadings have commanded internationally, "the very concept of beheading, that was virtually non-existent in our unconscious prior to these events being propagated, is now there." "It comes to mind when a conflict happens, when you
Iran's leaders were celebrating their war machine as the military held its annual National Army Day parade. As the U.S., Saudi Arabia and other countries criticize Iran for its alleged involvement in funding and supplying the Houthi rebels who have seized power in much of Yemen, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East.
Baseball. It seems almost silly to be writing about baseball in the context of recent events. Except it isn't.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian Coast Guard. Stories of death at sea and unimaginable suffering are nothing new in the waters between North Africa and Italy; boat people have been arriving on Italy's islands for more than a decade.
South Africa: Photographer captures brutal attack on immigrant. He checked the series of stills on his camera. It was then that photographer James Oatway realized the entire attack had taken less than two minutes.
"Where is Baghdad?" Falih Essawi shouted on the phone as he described his situation. From his point of view, ISIS militants might be just hours away from taking the key Iraqi city of Ramadi.
What happened in North Charleston must have a bigger precedence than just what happened here with Mr. Scott. Because what happened today doesn't happen all the time.".
Dr. Mehmet Oz may have actually boosted his media empire. It was a masterful performance. I should have expected that Dr. Oz would keep standing in the face of charges from a group of colleagues that he pushed "quack treatments... for personal financial gain.".
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, was released early Friday from a jail in the Pakistani city of Rawalpindi, according to Yahya Mujahid, spokesman for Jamaat-ud-Dawa. A man charged with planning the deadly 2008 Mumbai terror attacks in India has been released on bail in Pakistan after years of detention, prompting sharp criticism from India.
A California woman who was recording police activity said she was terrified when a deputy U.S. marshal walked toward her, grabbed her cell phone out of her hands and smashed it with his foot. The incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street. Beatriz Paez filed a complaint Wednesday with police in South Gate, just south of Los Angeles. However, the police don't have authority over marshals. Paez is also considering a lawsuit.
Nigeria Nigeria is not a natural, comfortable nation state; it's composed of many ethnicities and two major competing religions. And the north has witnessed a brutal, bloody terrorist insurgency led by Boko Haram, which translates as "Western education is forbidden."
Scientists say new research seems to support the theory that what looks like a bone-dry red planet during the day could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night. Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected […].
North North Korea is in the headlines again. According to a Wall Street Journal report Thursday, Chinese nuclear experts have told the United States that Pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads.
Nov Novak Djokovic extended his current winning streak to 17 matches after beating Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the Monte Carlo Masters. But the Serbian world number one didn't have it all his away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the Mediterranean coast.
New York state authorities have issued a health alert following a dramatic spike in hospital visits for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Friday that more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid, known as "spice" or "K2."
Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to death. An Egyptian court sentenced the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, Mohamed Badie, on Saturday to death by hanging, along with 13 members of his group. The sentences will be appealed.
This is a difficult but necessary thing to say: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon. That's partly because police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a "moment."
'The Breakfast Crew' escaped from Principal Richard Vernon 30 years ago, but a draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed, the Chicago Tribune reported. "One day a few weeks ago," Ken Wallace, superintendent of Maine Township High School District 207 in suburban Chicago, told the newspaper.
Monty Python in a movie? What a silly idea.
Amy Amy Schumer seems to be trying single-handedly this week to make everyone in America laugh. And she's off to a good start.
HillaryHillary Clinton is a very rich person. While she's certainly not the first rich person to run for president, her wealth -- and the related perception of being out of touch with ordinary Americans -- is an obstacle.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for "lost" wages as a result of the so-called wage gap. In the wake of Hillary Clinton's presidential announcement, the "holiday" has special meaning.
Jeff Green, then playing for the Boston Celtics, was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood. That was until a routine physical stopped him in his tracks. The physical revealed he had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart.
Chinese court convicts journalist of leaking state secrets. Amid tight security, a Chinese court has convicted veteran journalist Gao Yu for revealing state secrets and sentenced her to seven years in prison. Gao, 71, immediately said she would appeal.
Near-sightedness, or myopia, means nearby objects appear clearly, but those farther away look blurry. The rates of myopia have doubled, even tripled, in most of East Asia over the last 40 years, researchers say. Several places like Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan have rates in the 80%.
Social media reacts to Clinton's announcement. Once Hillary Clinton's official announcement went online, social media responded in a big way, with terms like "Hillary Clinton," "#Hillary2016," and yes, even "#WhyImNotVotingforHillary" trending. Certainly, you couldn't go far on Twitter (even before Clinton tweeted her announcement), without an opinion or thought on her new campaign (there were over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour, and 750,000 Facebook video views so far by Sunday evening).
A mammoth wave of snow darkens the sky over Everest Base Camp. Appearing like a white mushroom cloud roaring over the climbers, they scurry as their tents flap like feathers in the wind. Then panic hits.
Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London, his lawyer in Sweden told CNN. Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden, where prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
Two Transportation Security Administration screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver International Airport, Denver police said. Here's how police say the scheme worked:. DENVER, Colo.
How does a flying machine that looks like a sophisticated lawn chair with helicopter blades invade such highly restricted airspace, as happened Wednesday, when a postal carrier from Florida landed a single-person aircraft on Capitol grounds?. Just before writing this column, I reached into the depths of my wallet, and in between the pilot licenses, I slid out a postage stamp-size certificate issued by the Federal Aviation Administration.
Iran will sign a final nuclear agreement only if economic sanctions against the nation are removed on the first day of the deal's implementation, President Hassan Rouhani said Thursday. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the Islamic republic's supreme leader, meanwhile, told state-run media outlets he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final, and he's not certain it will become binding because he has "never been optimistic about negotiations with the U.S.".
The microneedle patch, which resembles a small, round adhesive bandage, could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it. By applying it to the skin and pushing down, the vaccine is delivered in a matter of minutes. Rather than requiring highly trained medics, minimally trained personnel could go from door to door, quickly administering the vaccine.
The $16 million Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant buildings or barren lots, where unemployment rates reach 25% and poverty and despair is rampant. The brick building burned to the ground in the riots that followed Monday's funeral for Gray, who died mysteriously on April 19, a week after Baltimore police arrested him. Anger over Gray's death may have spurred Monday's violence -- including buildings and cars set ablaze by rioters, looting and clashes with the police -- but members of Baltimore's clergy said it was also spurred by lasting issues with young African-Americans in
If newly revised NYPD training materials are approved by a federal judge, new cadets could be taking courses reminding them "not to engage in racial profiling.".
"My son served in the army for four years. In Iraq. He served because we love our country. Now look at us?".
Saudi Arabia's war on Yemen is misguided. Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country's "legitimate government," its constitution or its electoral process. So what is really going on?
China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week, the only models on display will be the ones with four wheels. Gone, show organizers hope, will be the scantily-clad "car babes" that in previous years have posed provocatively on car hoods and sashayed through the aisles to draw crowds to the 9-day event.
Oprah's in there. So's Bill Murray, George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Jerry Seinfeld, Howard Stern, Tina Fey, Michael Keaton and Ray Romano.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with it a controversial new security order granting sweeping powers to the ruling military junta. Critics have expressed alarm at the move, with Human Rights Watch's Asia director Brad Adams saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship."
Aaron Hernandez sentenced to life without parole in Odin Lloyd murder case. Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez looked on impassively Wednesday as he was sentenced to a term of life without the possibility of parole in the 2013 murder of onetime friend Odin Lloyd. Hernandez, 25, appeared to shake his head "no" as jurors in the Massachusetts trial found him guilty of first-degree murder.
I was once a cop in Baltimore. The ghetto, and I'm talking class and not race, was on full display by Monday. The whole nation saw beautiful Baltimore at its worst.
LibyaLibya.com It took one Somali woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to Libya. From there, she hoped to cross the Mediterranean Sea.
Video shows massive brawl at New York casino. A massive brawl involving two dozen people at a Queens, New York, casino was captured on video Friday night. The cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people.
We did it again, in another American city. We set Baltimore on fire this time. We brutalized black bodies. We turned a funeral into a riot.
It takes a village to raise a triathlete. Since returning home from our kickoff weekend where we got.
I was a copygirl in my fourth month at the Chicago Daily News, my second assigned to the city desk. It had become my custom at 4 o'clock, when the city  desk secretary left for the day, to move over to her spot to help answer the phones as the beat reporters called in to check out for  the day. It was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago, on Thursday, April 12, 1945 -- the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks. The second city editor, Guy Housley, was to my left.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren insists she's not running for president. But her description of a 2016 "dream" presidential candidate sounds a lot like, well, her. Warren, during an appearance Friday on CNN's "New Day," said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and "make Washington work for families again.".
HillaryHillary Clinton is barely in the video at all, appearing at the end as a kind of everywoman whose story and fight could be folded in with all the others. "Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead.".
Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president -- and the never ending Clinton story rumbles on. She has been a part of all our lives now for approaching a quarter of a century. Hillary Clinton has been around nearly my entire lifetime.
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto. The initial picture released on Tuesday shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs: Pluto and its largest moon, Charon. But the probe will soon be beaming back much sharper images and a wealth of other information.
Local businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city, while others are left to rebuild or repair after Monday's riot. Please enable Javascript to watch this video BALTIMORE, Md.
The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend at Panama City Beach, Florida, by spitting, urinating and pouring beer on them. "They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts.".
Authorities are trying to track down vacationers who stayed at villas in the Virgin Islands who may have been exposed to a deadly pesticide. Local officials said methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands, in different parts of the island; even the governor said his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013, without his knowledge. Investigators are still trying to piece together exactly what happened at the Sirenusa resort, where a Delaware family's vacation in paradise turned into a nightmare.
There is a special kind of hell reserved for the women who fall into the clutches of today's Jihadi fighters. We are all familiar with the brutality of.
Jamal al-Labani had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and 2-year-daughter back to the United States from war-torn Yemen. But the gas station owner never made it on a flight back to his home Hayward, California.
Pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the United States in September, the Vatican said Wednesday -- a trip that will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries. The exact timing of the Cuba trip wasn't immediately released.
A&E, Lifetime and History (formerly the History Channel) announced Thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, an African who was captured, shipped to America and sold into slavery to work on a Virginia plantation. One of the biggest TV events of all time is being reimagined for new audiences.
It's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. After all, this is a brutal organization that not only kills but seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world -- from the beheadings of journalists to burning a Jordanian pilot alive.
The underwater search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size. Teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean for the remains of the passenger jet that disappeared more than a year ago with 239 people on board. The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May.
The latest episode of the "true cross," a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people, is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics. To say something smacks of the 'true cross' can mean it's a matter of divine certainty or of utter fraud. Could fragments of the true cross of Jesus really be among us today?.
The Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers. It took them more than 20 years to get around to doing it. About 150,000 years ago -- give or take 20,000 -- a guy fell into a well. Last month he made science history.
The justices of the Supreme Court practice politics as much as law -- and that will be clearer than ever when the issue of same-sex marriage comes before the court on Tuesday. Story highlights The Supreme Court has always been about a lot more than the intentions of the framers. And public opinion is just one of the extrajudicial factors that the justices sometimes take into consideration.
It's a girls' universe. On Wednesday, DC Entertainment, Warner Bros.
Henry Louis Gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "Finding Your Roots" because the actor Ben Affleck put pressure on him. Affleck's concern was that the segment would have aired his family's dirty laundry, which includes a slaveholding ancestor, Benjamin Cole.
Walter Scott was stopped by Officer Michael Slager for a broken taillight, and within minutes Scott was dead. According to the incident report, Slager said: "Shots fired, and the subject is down. He took my Taser.".
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster that killed 11 people, devastated livelihoods and wreaked havoc on the already fragile natural resources of the Gulf of Mexico region, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned? And what are we willing to do make sure it doesn't happen again?
SpaceXSpaceX hopes to land a Falcon 9 on the drone ship in January, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded. The company has previously said the odds of a successful landing are about 50%.
A top al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leader -- who a few years ago was in a U.S. detention facility -- was among five killed in an airstrike in Yemen, the terror group said, showing the organization is vulnerable even as Yemen appears close to civil war. Ibrahim al-Rubaish died Monday night in what AQAP's media wing, Al-Malahem Media, called a "crusader airstrike.".
Seven Seven minutes after an Aurora, Colorado, theatergoer called 911 to report a massacre in progress, suspect James Holmes surrendered to police, a dozen dead bodies allegedly in his wake. On Monday, jurors will thoroughly examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months.
It didn't look like much, but we'd been told it was typical of the kind of craft ferrying the route between Djibouti and Aden. Better, everyone advised, to be low key, even if low key meant faded lights and three water pumps chugging at all times.
I would have done anything to get to Europe. It was worth the risk, the bad treatment and the fear, hard as that may be to believe. Simply put, I have a better life now than I did before.
Is weed legal in your state?. I see signs of a revolution everywhere.
Russian President Vladimir Putin shrugged off repeated questions about the impact of Western sanctions on his nation during a nationally broadcast annual Q&A session. "Sanctions are sanctions," he said.
Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in his TV and promotional work and who call his faculty position at Columbia University unacceptable. In a written statement issued last week, Oz said, "I bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves.".
Listeria outbreak that prompted Blue Bell Creameries to recall their entire product line dates to 2010, according to the Centers for Disease Control. After weeks of gradual recalls, the company recalled all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats sold in 23 states because they could be contaminated with listeria monocytogenes. Blue Bell Ice Cream.
What we need, not only in communities like Baltimore but also in communities around the country, are more mothers like her. Mothers who will do whatever it takes to protect their children and steer them through the increasingly tricky course of adolescence. This week, social media heralded as #motheroftheyear Toya Graham, the Baltimore single mom who pulled her son, who was holding a brick, away from the scene of a riot. Many called her a hero: a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence. And yet, wasn't she also promoting violence?
If that was a tornado, it was one monster of one. Luckily, so far it looks like no one was hurt.
Alexis Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar, along a canal Friday when she tried to repel a bee, police in Yuma said. "The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat," police said Monday.
Nepal earthquake: Death toll rises to 3,218. The death toll from the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal two days ago surged past 3,000 on Monday. The desperate search for survivors from the country's worst natural disaster in more than 80 years continued.
Lamborghini sports car crashes into guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway, killing passenger. The 36-year-old passenger, Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene, Florida Highway Patrol said.
After a marathon stretch of late-night negotiations in Lausanne, Switzerland, diplomats announced they'd come up with the framework for an agreement that's been months in the making. Iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98% and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges, according to the plan.
Ice Iceman's outing happens in an unusual manner. Mind-reading mutant Jean Grey (also an X-Men original) asks Bobby why he calls women "hot."
Beijing-backed election proposal tabled Wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto, describing it as "ridiculous.". Four months after the end of the massive Occupy protests that clogged Hong Kong's streets in a bid for greater voting rights, another confrontation is heating up in the former British colony.
Australia has recalled its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations after two Australians were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad early Wednesday. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called the executions.
Abraham Lincoln never lost his ardor for the United States to remain united during the Civil War. In his Second Inaugural address he attempted to salve the nation with an eloquent summation of his philosophy and plans for putting it into practice.
A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot, Australian police say. Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act, and was denied bail Saturday.
"transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness. In January, President Obama condemned the persecution of "people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender," becoming the first president to utter the word in a State of the Union address.
Seoul, South Korea (CNN)Lee Min-bok didn't laugh once when he watched "The Interview." The North Korean defector calls the Hollywood comedy "vulgar," admitting he couldn't even watch the whole film. Yet he is still sending thousands of copies across the border from South to North Korea in balloons, determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen.
This is week two of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11. A week ago, I was worried I wouldn't have anything to write about.
Conor McDonnell: How to take great photos on the go. By the time Kim Kardashian set out to "break the internet" in November last year, a photo by 23-year-old Conor McDonnell had already got there -- with a little help from Kim's music superstar husband Kanye West. McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo.
If you're hunting for the earliest galaxies and clues about potential life on other planets you are going to need a very big mirror and a golf ball of gold. They are both necessary for the construction of The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), intended as the successor to the Hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years.
Officer Michael Rapiejko ran his car into Mario Valencia in February as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air. The Arizona police officer who slammed into an armed suspect with his patrol car told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man, so he chose the other option, CNN affiliate KVOA reported Wednesday. The officer, who has been a cop for more than a decade but joined the Marana Police Department in 2014, said he was 50 yards away from the suspect and worried a missed shot might hit another officer or bystanders. "There were occupied businesses, and
The microscopic polymer statue by South African sculptor Jonty Hurwitz, entitled Trust, measured just 1/100th of a centimeter and had been called the "smallest sculpture ever made." But the world's tiniest woman suddenly disappeared to an unknown location, likely never to be seen again. While she was being photographed through an electron microscope -- the only way to view the minute creation -- Trust vanished, with only a smudged fingerprint left behind by her photographer as a clue.
They were huddled in the back of a tugboat. Some were without shoes. Their coats and jackets, still wet, were piled up in a huge container behind them.
A tiny, 7 square-kilometer parcel of land, marked on maps as Gornja Siga, its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia. The victim of a border dispute, it is claimed by neither side -- effectively a no-man's land. This is where Euroskeptic Czech politician Vit Jedlicka stepped in. On April 13 he planted his newly-designed yellow and black flag in the territory.
At first glance, Sudan looks like any other northern white rhino: stout and agile, with square lips. He grazes under the hot sun, his massive head lowered to the ground, at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in central Kenya.
Fireball, which didn't exist in its current form a decade ago, is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America. Retail sales more than doubled last year, and Fireball has come seemingly out of nowhere to become the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the U.S. as measured by retail sales -- ahead of such venerable labels as Jim Beam, Jose Cuervo and Grey Goose. And these figures don't include sales in bars, where Sazerac has cultivated a party-hearty social ethos around Fireball.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack. No other organization has so far claimed responsibility.
The investigation began Wednesday when the 4-month-old infant of the 17-year-old was taken to Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center in suburban Las Vegas, authorities said. Police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm. North Las Vegas Police Department spokesman Aaron Patty said the "infant did not receive the proper care and nourishment that she needed at the time."
After weeks of dramatic testimony, jurors are set to begin deliberations Tuesday in the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, who faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon. The defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on Monday.
After weeks of dramatic and emotionally wrenching testimony in the Boston Marathon bombing trial, jurors deliberated for more than seven hours Tuesday. But they haven't reached a verdict yet. The jurors sent out two questions, which are scheduled to be addressed when they return to court Wednesday morning.
Amnesty International human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern India. "There must be a criminal investigation to determine whether the police used excessive force, and whether the killings amount to 'fake encounters,' or staged extrajudicial executions", said Abhirr Vp, of Amnesty International India.
The officer charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man in South Carolina has been fired as anger continues to build around his case. A video shows Officer Michael Slager, who is white, firing eight shots at 50-year-old Walter Scott as Scott has his back to him and is running away. Scott, who was unarmed, was struck five times.
What's changed between the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in August, and that of Walter Scott in North Charleston, South Carolina, last weekend?.
Boston police release video of officer-involved shooting. To allay possible concerns, Boston prosecutors released video Friday of the shooting of a police officer last month that resulted in the killing of the gunman. The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white.
Tulsa Police Sgt. Jim Clark, who has been brought in to review the case, said Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates, 73, "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris after Harris -- a possibly PCP-addled felon who had days prior sold methamphetamine to an undercover officer -- ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting. As deputies tried to handcuff Harris, Bates arrived with a pepper spray gun in hand. He warned his fellow deputies he was going to use a Taser on the suspect, but instead, he fired a single gunshot -- and immediately apologized, Clark said, citing
Two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in South Carolina emerged Monday. The voice of Michael Slager can be heard in both.
Tulsa, Oklahoma (CNN) -- The Tulsa County deputy who shot and killed a man instead of using his Taser now faces a manslaughter charge. Video shows Reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his.
Video of the incident, recorded February 19 by the dashboard cameras of two Marana police cars, shows one of the cars running into a suspect with who had a rifle in the city about a half hour from Tucson. The suspect, 36-year-old Mario Valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged. Marana, Ariz.
Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters in South Africa after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban, leaving at least five people dead, an aid group said Thursday. Heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes this week after local residents accused immigrants from other African nations of taking their jobs.
Muslims who were among migrants trying to get from Libya to Italy in a boat this week threw 12 fellow passengers overboard -- killing them -- because the 12 were Christians, Italian police said Thursday. Italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the Christians at sea, police in Palermo, Sicily, said.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006. Two years after he left, he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged that he was yanked from the car, handcuffed and choked during a 2005 arrest. The Arizona police officer who intentionally slammed his car into an armed suspect previously faced an excessive force lawsuit in New York, according to court documents.
The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee on Sunday triggered a violent chain of events, eventually claiming the lives of three more people. It all started with a birthday party that little Damani Terry was attending. During the family gathering, he dashed out into the street and was struck and killed by a GMC van, according to Milwaukee police. The distraught driver, Archie Brown Jr., 40, immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy.
After a weekend shipwreck off the coast of Italy that may have killed hundreds of migrants, the International Organization for Migrants said Monday that there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters. A rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya, and the number of potential victims is not clear.
Protesters rally in Baltimore after police release names of officers involved in Freddie Gray's death. Chanting "No justice! No peace!" protesters rallied in Baltimore late Tuesday, the same day police released the names of the officers involved.
How could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after getting arrested? And what happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to a hospital?.
At least two people were taken into custody as protesters upset over the death of Freddie Gray scuffled Thursday evening with police on the streets of Baltimore. Tensions rose as demonstrators confronted police, several of whom shouted: "Back up!".
Eb Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan, police said. "All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," said the post made on Monday.
In November 1942, the unguarded SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat while carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver. The vessel sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface (5,150 meters) where it went undiscovered until 2011 when Deep Ocean Search decided to go looking for it. The sinking was the stuff of legend.
Are Are you a boxing fan? Fancy the best seats in the house for Saturday night's showdown in Las Vegas between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao.
NPR's 'Baltimore Unrest Reveals Tensions Between African-Americans And Asians'. On Thursday, NPR -- headquartered in Washington, just 40 miles away from Baltimore -- ran its latest update on the urban turmoil that has erupted in the wake of the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray because of still-unexplained spinal injuries that occurred while he was under police custody. BALTIMORE, Md.
Twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list. The group includes 19 women and five men. It's almost entirely white and mostly middle-aged.
Robert Boardwine's path to fatherhood was unconventional, but Virginia's appeals court said Tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son's life. The Court of Appeals of Virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth's assisted conception statute and denying Joyce Bruce's appeal to deny Boardwine visitation. × Virginia appeals court rules that turkey baster doesn't constitute reproductive technology RICHMOND, Va.
Jordan Spieth equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par to realize his childhood ambitions of donning the green jacket on Sunday as he swept through the field to become Masters champion at Augusta. An ice-cool display made him the second-youngest winner -- behind only Woods, who was 155 days younger that year --.
Every year, Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students and asks them to complete the sentence, "I wish my teacher knew...". It's the simplest possible assignment, but it always teaches a huge lesson.
Dujardin and Valegro won their their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title in Las Vegas at the weekend -- a trophy to sit alongside Olympic gold and the world and European titles. While their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport, it was still a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival inside the Thomas & Mack Arena.
Showjumping comes here for the showbiz. They are superstars flown in from across the globe -- and they probably had more legroom than you. The world's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday, setting a decisive new world record. A spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers (1.1 miles)..
CNN Heroes help Nepal earthquake survivors. Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal. And they are struggling in the aftermath.
OmahaOmaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium for its hockey, basketball and volleyball teams. It'll have luxury suites and everything.But it seems all anyone can talk about these days... THUMP.
"Making ends meet is insurmountable," said Farley-Berens. "There are so many doctors' appointments, copays, surgeries, prescriptions. And then the inability to work -- any savings that there may have been is gone very quickly.".
"Music is the most important tool we have in reaching these kids," said Bernstein, 30, a professional musician. His program operates in two of Miami's poorest communities, North Miami and Allapattah.
Same-sex marriage: A generational shift. Until recently, if you sat in church on Sunday mornings, pollsters could predict where you stood on gay marriage. What a difference a decade makes.
Ronen Ziv worries about someone he has never met. His unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu. He had tickets to travel to Nepal for his child's birth from a surrogate mother, but now he has no choice but to wait in his native Israel for news.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is continuing to rule with an iron fist, having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year, according to an assessment by South Korean intelligence agents, a lawmaker who attended a closed briefing said. Shin Kyung-min told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the South Korean National Intelligence Service. CNN cannot independently confirm the executions.
California drought: Is it climate-change-induced or not?. Last week, California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history.
"I thought I lost you," the relieved father said. The last time Frank Jordan spoke with his son, Louis Jordan was fishing on a sailboat a few miles off the South Carolina coast. The next time he spoke with him, more than two months had passed.
In 1944, 16-year-old Yong Soo Lee of Taegu, Korea, was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older Japanese man. The man took the two of them, and three other teenage girls, by train, then ship, to Taiwan. There, the girls were forced into sexual slavery.
The marriage apocalypse may be coming. Talk to any millennial and you can envision an America virtually marriage-free, with everyone happily single. The millennials I talked with prefer their partners to be debt-free and riding high.
As ash from Chile's Calbuco Volcano spread east into Argentina, geologists warned of the potential for more activity Friday. Evacuations in the region involved not only people but animals as well. Please enable Javascript to watch this video Ensenada, Chile.
Anthony Sideri hit rock bottom while wrapped in a dirty blanket on the floor of a jail infirmary bathroom in Middleton, Massachusetts. He was 25, shivering, sweating, throwing up and going through the full withdrawals of heroin. He had just robbed a bank after shooting up heroin all day.
MessengerSpacecraft to make death dive into Mercury. NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel, ending a nearly 11-year journey that provided valuable data and thousands of photos.
It has all the key points you'd expect on a birth certificate -- baby's weight, length and date of birth confirmed with an official insignia. The difference here is the governing authority's stamp.
Supreme Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage, with Justice Anthony Kennedy returning to a familiar role as the court's pivotal vote. Chief Justice John Roberts -- who shocked conservatives with his swing vote to uphold Obamacare -- this time seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices.
YemenYemeni officials said Saudi airstrikes targeting a military base on Tuesday hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students. The information came from two officials with the governor's office in Ibb province, where the school is located, as well as Houthi sources from the rebel group that is fighting for control of the country.
The migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to Sicily has been brewing for years, but in the past 10 days, with as many as 1,600 deaths in the Mediterranean, suddenly minds are focused -- for now. Almost exactly four years ago, in Libya, I caught, perhaps, a glimpse of what was to come. It was late at night in the besieged city of Misrata.
The cramped galley of the ship is filled with the smell of fresh garlic frying in olive oil. Gaetano Cortese, a tall, thin, sunburned 27-year veteran of Italy's Guardia di Finanza (Finance Police) is waxing eloquent on his favorite subject: food. "We picked it this morning from the hills of Lampedusa," he declares with a flourish, waving thin sprigs of wild asparagus under my nose.
Nepal earthquake: Rescue crews begin search for survivors. The death toll of 1,832 is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed. Dozens of bodies were pulled from the historic nine-story Dharahara tower that came crashing down during the quake.
Erica Kinsman has said Winston raped her in December 2012. A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case.
Attorney Stephen Patrick Beatty confirmed he is representing Joseph Kent. He was still trying to get in touch with his client after Kent was released. "He wanted me to tell people most that he doesn't want violence in his name," Beatty told CNN's Don Lemon on Wednesday night.
Taylor Swift's mom has cancer. Pop star Taylor Swift, who has built an intense bond with her fans by sharing personal details of her life, revealed some sobering news Thursday: Her mother has cancer. The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer.
Sarah Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, the family said. "Sarah courageously stepped up after Jim was shot to prevent others from enduring what our family has gone through," their statement said.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, a former top deputy to Saddam Hussein and more recently a key figure in Sunni extremist groups battling the Iraqi government, has been killed in a security operation in that country, Iraqi state-run television reported Friday. He was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime to evade capture -- the "King of Clubs" in a deck of playing cards used by American troops to identify the most-wanted regime officials. He also was a man thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group.
China's Xi Jinping and India's Narendra Modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations. And one is particularly vocal about making his mark on history.
KenyaKenyan Deputy President William Ruto on Saturday gave the United Nations' refugee agency three months to relocate refugees from the Dadaab camp -- the world's largest -- to Somalia, or "we shall relocate them ourselves.".
Nobel laureate Guenter Grass, best known around the world for his novel "The Tin Drum," has died, his publisher said Monday. He was 87.
For five decades, Bikram Choudhury built an empire. The signature "hot yoga" bearing his name drew throngs of devotees, spawning studios teaching the practice all over the world. He became a spiritual leader and celebrity icon.
DARPA tests self-steering bullets. You know the phrase "dodging a bullet"? Forget about it. Probably not going to happen anymore.
In Russia's tightly-managed democracy, where being an opposition politician can seriously damage your health, chances to question the country's leader are rare. President Vladimir Putin cuts an isolated figure, closely guarded behind the walls of the Kremlin, traveling to-and-fro by helicopter or high-speed motorcade.
Greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic near Alaska. The six protesters used ropes and harnesses Monday to scale the huge platform in the Pacific Ocean, tweeting images of their daunting climb as they went.
ThisThis was the handshake that shook the Western Hemisphere. President Obama briefly met his Cuban counterpart, Raul Castro, on Friday night at a dinner for the dozens of Latin American leaders convening in Panama City for the Summit of the Americas.
Solar Impulse 2 grounded by weather in China. What was supposed to be an overnight pit stop in the southwestern city of Chongqing has now stretched into a two-and-a-half week stay. It's an unexpected layover that is testing the patience of the pilots and more than 60 team members.
Freddie Gray did not get timely medical care after he was arrested and was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, Baltimore police said Friday. Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after Baltimore police arrested him. His family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma.
Chinese feminists freed on bail. A day after the Chinese government released five young feminists on bail, their families and supporters expressed mixed emotions on the unexpected development. They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation.
SpaceXSpaceX on Tuesday launched a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon on a flight from Cape Canaveral, Florida, to the International Space Station. That was the easy part. In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time, the private space exploration company was unsuccessful.
A Columbia University student who was accused of rape is suing the New York City school for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist". Emma Sulkowicz's case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school's handling of the complaint, saying she hoped to show how "flawed" the university disciplinary system is when it comes to sexual misconduct cases.
The arrest and death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore has sparked protests and accusations of police brutality. But it's unclear how Gray, who was arrested on a weapons charge April 12, suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. Here are the big questions surrounding this controversial case.
Nepal earthquake relief efforts. The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. Each day is a struggle in many parts of of the country, but there is something you can do to make an impact.
U.S. Navy developing unmanned drone ship to track enemy submarines. Atlanta (CNN)Silently moving deep beneath the ocean's surface, combat submarines can employ the element of surprise to carry out devastating attacks on naval fleets and land targets. For decades, the U.
Feidin Santana, the man who recorded a South Carolina police officer fatally shooting a fleeing, unarmed man, told CNN on Thursday night he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident. "One of the officers told me to stop, but it was because I (said) to them that what they did it was an abuse and I witnessed everything."
Police Chief Vicki Yost announced Wednesday her resignation, according to Inkster City Manager Richard Marsh. Marsh would not cite a specific reason for Yost's investigation, though she had been the face of the Police Department during the investigation into her former officer. In a statement, Dent and his attorney Greg Rohl told CNN: "We are all ecstatic, especially Mr. Dent. This is another step in the right direction."
U.N. appeals for $174M to help Nigerian refugees. The United Nations is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks. Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast.
Thousands of protesters packed the streets of major Brazilian cities on Sunday, pushing for the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff. Fueled by mounting anger over a corruption scandal that has implicated politicians in Rousseff's party, demonstrators chanted "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change."
In 2001, the Taliban wiped out 1700 years of history in a matter of seconds, by blowing up ancient Buddha statues in central Afghanistan with dynamite. They proceeded to do so after an attempt at bringing down the 175-foot tall sculptures with anti-aircraft artillery had failed. Sadly, the event was just the first in a series of atrocities that have robbed the world of some of its most prized cultural heritage.
Former school principal in Japan says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women -- some of them girls as young as 14 -- during repeated visits to the Philippines over more than a quarter of a century, according to police. Now, at the age of 64, he's facing criminal charges.
Video from the patrol car of North Charleston's Michael Slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and Scott. Slager approaches Scott's vehicle. The two men speak. Scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle.
Pappy Van Winkle: 9 indicted in Kentucky bourbon heist. When 65 cases of 20-year-old Pappy Van Winkle -- one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world -- were reported missing from a Kentucky distillery in October 2013, it was the crime heard round the whiskey-drinking world. Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton, the man leading the investigation into the estimated $26,000 in missing Pappy, said at the time that the high-end heist was "indicative of an inside job." But ever since, the trail went largely cold
Jon Reiter was safe but shaken by the devastation. He told his wife, Susan, about his putting one dead person in a sleeping bag and zipping it up.
Obama meets with Cuba's Castro for first time in 50 years. "This is obviously an historic meeting," Obama said at the beginning of his session with Castro, claiming that decades of strain had done little to benefit either Cubans or citizens of the United States. "It was time for us to try something new," he said.
10 happiest places on Earth. Would a taste of the finest Swiss chocolate make you happy? Or soaking in the warm Icelandic springs?
The casket is draped with an American flag, and Walter Scott is dressed in a dark suit. A white banner with a blue star refers to his favorite NFL team. It says: "Tradition, the Cowboys way.".
What would it mean if the EU did "get Australian" in its approach to asylum seekers?. Much of the world has been stunned by the huge increase of migrant deaths in the Mediterranean this year.
ISIS operatives have executed two groups of prisoners, believed to be Ethiopian Christians, in Libya, according to a video released Sunday by the terror network's media arm. One group is beheaded on a beach along the Mediterranean Sea, while the other group is shot in Southern Libya, hundreds of miles away.
The latest came Friday, when an Italian prosecutor revealed that a network of Pakistanis associated with al Qaeda talked about attacking the Vatican back in March 2010. "This is... a reminder about the world we're in right now," U.S. Rep. John Delaney, D-Maryland, told CNN on Friday. "...I do think there's a larger narrative about Christian persecution (by) militant groups around the world.".
Mohamed Morsy went from prison to the presidency. And now he's going back to prison.
Egyptian court sentences 71 to life in prison for church fire. An Egyptian court has sentenced 71 people to life imprisonment for their role in the August 2013 burning of a Christian church in the Giza province village of Kafr Hakim, state news reports. The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob, some of whom chanted against Coptic Christians and called for Egypt to become an "Islamic state."
Aaron Hernandez found guilty of murder. More than 22 months ago, the body of Odin Lloyd was found in an industrial park in North Attleboro, Massachusetts. Lloyd had been shot seven times near a pile of construction waste.
Working as a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park, home to the endangered mountain gorilla, Edwin Sabuhoro was determined to do whatever was necessary to protect the animals he was committed to defend -- including putting himself in harm's way. Following a series of incidents in 2004 where wildlife had been lost, Sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla.
It's one of the most famous faces in history, even though no one really knows what he looked like. Instead, every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image.
Ever had a headache so big, you felt like drilling a hole in your head to let the pain out?. Obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels.
Recorders. All of them gone. Corporate America has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing.
Ernst Haas, one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers -- was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a Museum of Modern Art exhibit in 1962 -- was also a regular on movie sets. It was a necessity in those early days, said John Jacob, the editor of a new book of Haas' movie photography, "Ernst Haas: On Set."
Oklahoma reserve sheriff's deputy accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser pleaded not guilty Tuesday to a charge of second-degree manslaughter. At the hearing, the judge granted Robert Bates permission to go to the Bahamas for a family vacation.
Just eight months ago, a young woman named Fatu Kekula was single-handedly trying to save her Ebola-stricken family, donning trash bags to protect herself against the deadly virus. Today, because of a CNN story and the generosity of donors from around the world, she wears scrubs bearing the emblem of the Emory University Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing in Atlanta, where she's learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow Liberians. "It's a surprise -- a young child like me who came from a very poor background coming to the U.S.," she said.
Ben Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college. It wasn't the most romantic setting -- a study group for calculus-based physics -- but Ben managed to turn it into a story worth telling by cheating.
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital. But if efforts by some health systems are an indicator, the design may be on its way out of style.
At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them. Twelve people were arrested, Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said. "We continue to have a few isolated pockets of individuals causing disturbances."
Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on yet another impressive addition to that list: using focused laser beams to affect the weather. It sounds like black magic, but it's actually a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification that has been used for several years -- most famously by China in preparation for the 2008 Olympics, when they launched rockets to seed the clouds and prevent rainfall during the opening ceremony.
ISIS on Wednesday released more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced when the Islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern Iraq last summer, officials said. Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly, said Rassol Omar, a commander in the Peshmerga force that defends northern Iraq's semi-autonomous Kurdish region.
Appearing Saturday morning on CNN's "New Day," Randy Zelin defended his client, Dr. Anthony Moschetto, who faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island. The attorney for a suburban New York cardiologist charged in what authorities say was a failed scheme to have another physician hurt or killed is calling the allegations against his client "completely unsubstantiated."
Questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who Dr. Sanjay Gupta helped operate on during a week in Nepal in the aftermath of a devastating earthquake. CNN is looking into those questions and will update our coverage as warranted.
Jackson Gordon has an alter ego: the Dark Knight himself, Batman. You might expect his origin story to be cloaked in mystery, but speaking to CNN Gordon is quick to explain how the transformation took place.
A year after ISIS became a household name in America, using brutality and savvy propaganda to challenge al Qaeda and its affiliates for jihadist adherents, U.S. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded. The flurry of arrests -- at least 25 people have been detained since January -- is a sign that complicated, manpower-intensive investigations begun when ISIS started seizing swaths of territory a year ago are finally being completed.
It started with neighbors and local officials digging with their hands through the rubble. As soon as a deadly earthquake stopped rattling a swath of Nepal, before the scope of the damage was calculated, the digging began.
Mass graves believed to hold Iraqi soldiers have been discovered in newly liberated Tikrit. Up to 1,700 bodies may be recovered.
Nepalese man survives 82 hours trapped in rubble after quake. Rescuers in Nepal have pulled a man from the wreckage of a building where he was stuck for a staggering 82 hours after the devastating earthquake that hit the country Saturday. His survival is unusual, as experts say it's rare for injured people who are trapped to hold out for longer than 72 hours after a disaster.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo told reporters Wednesday that the decision was the result of the Indonesian government's desire to cooperate with the ongoing case in the Philippines. "There was a letter from the Philippine government saying that there is a legal process related to human trafficking there."
For the second night in a row, protesters peacefully dispersed Wednesday night after a 10 p.m. curfew meant to prevent riots that tore up the city two days earlier. Many wore T-shirts that said "Black Lives Matter," demanding accountability for the death of Freddie Gray.
Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday's demonstrations. The charges include assault of a police officer, robbery, resisting police, disobedience to lawful orders, obstructing roadways, and interference.
Zuriel Oduwole is often described as "the world's youngest filmmaker." Aged 12, she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on African issues.
L'Hermione, with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings, is a painstaking replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the United States' founding fathers in the War of Independence. It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history.
Nepal earthquake: 3 major obstacles hampering aid distribution. Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid. Relief organizations say the tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes.
The FBI said Friday that it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the videotaped beating of a suspect in San Bernardino. The suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him. There's a stampede of investigators in California.
The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to Jeju island, off South Korea's southern coast. Nine have yet to be found. In the first few days after the Sewol disappeared beneath the Yellow Sea, divers pulled body after body from the watery wreckage, bringing the dead home.
Typhoon Maysak is churning over the Pacific Ocean, days away from a possible direct hit on the Philippines. Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday, though the country's residents could start feeling its effects days before.
Cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't be near each other because they can share infections that could cripple their already fragile lungs. Dr. Michael Anstead at the University of Kentucky, Katie's pulmonologist since she was a little girl, had lectured her many times that face-to-face meetings with other CF patients were a bad idea.
When ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014, a small group of Assyrians, a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years, picked up weapons and formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha -- "The Sacrificers.". Baqufa, Iraq.
Ferguson, Missouri (CNN)Change has come to Ferguson. After months of turmoil and upheaval, months of frustration and anger, the beleaguered city has a new governing board.
Pope Francis risked Turkish anger on Sunday by using the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago under the Ottoman Empire. "In the past century, our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies," the Pope said at a Mass at St. Peter's Basilica to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Armenian massacres.
The stark video of a South Carolina officer gunning down an apparently unarmed black man as he ran away with his back to police has prompted an equally fast-moving reaction by officials and the public alike. Please enable Javascript to watch this video NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C.
"Why can't we be some real bad bitches?" asked Velentzas, adding that people needed to refer to them as "citizens of the Islamic State.".
Sab Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday. The nationwide recall is voluntary.
Thousands of Palestinians are trapped in the devastated Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria, which has mostly been seized by groups including ISIS, activists report. The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front took control of 90% of the camp in southern Damascus.
ISIS fighters seized several districts in the Iraqi city of Ramadi in an hours-long assault Friday that included suicide and car bombs, an Iraqi provincial official said. At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, according to Faleh al-Essawi, the deputy head of Iraq's Anbar provincial council.
ISIS is gone, but the fear remains. As Iraqi forces, aided by Shiite militiamen, took control Wednesday of the northern city of Tikrit, they found vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped.
Hillary Clinton is not the first Clinton to run for office, and when he did, legitimate newspapers didn't go around noting the "W" (or even "Dubya") was up for the job. He was just Bush, as he should have been, just as Clinton is just Clinton, a woman who has done a very good job distinguishing herself from her husband without the need to be referred to by her first name.
At least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, on late Tuesday and early Wednesday as hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in Baltimore, a city spokesman said. At least two people were wounded in separate shootings in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson, a police spokesman said Wednesday. The unrest carried on until about 3 a.m. and three police vehicles were damaged by rocks.
The world learned his name after he was killed by a South Carolina police officer. But in his life, 50-year-old Walter Scott was also the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard before being honorably discharged. Please enable Javascript to watch this video NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C.
The Red Cross on Saturday called for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen, saying many more people recently wounded in airstrikes and ground fighting will die if not tended to soon. The United Nations said Thursday that at least 519 people have been killed in Yemen in the past two weeks. An additional 1,700 have been wounded.
Al-Shabaab wants to make sure everything goes negative. The sign painted onto the school entrance wall reads: "Youth is a mistake, adulthood is a struggle, old age is a regret." The black humor of the message provides some light relief for a school that lives in constant fear of a terrorist attack.
Many Clouds wins Grand National. It was all set for a fairytale ending for record breaking jockey AP McCoy. In the end it was a different but familiar name who won the Grand National on Saturday.
Blackwater workers Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard were sentenced to 30 year each, plus one day. Slough was convicted of 13 counts of voluntary manslaughter, 17 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense. Slatten was accused of firing the first shots.
A shooting that prompted the lockdown of the U.S. Capitol for several hours Saturday was a suicide and does not have an apparent connection to terrorism, Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine said in a news conference. An unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol early Saturday afternoon and shot himself.
The little-known star of this week's No. 1 car chase movie, "Furious 7" isn't a car. It's an airplane.
As As soon as the buses parked, the people scrambled onto the airport tarmac. They carried duffel bags, plastic bags full of clothes and small suitcases.
Kenya terrorist attack: 6 things you need to know. Freshly laundered clothes still hang Friday in the dormitory at Garissa University College. On the wall in another hangs a poster on proper preparation for Muslim prayer.
Lane Lane Bryant has come up with a devil of an idea to market its lingerie while poking fun at a competitor. The plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign.
A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas, has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison, a schizophrenic man whose mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital. The incident occurred in June, and Harrison's family filed a lawsuit in November. Please enable Javascript to watch this video DALLAS, Texas.
"I think we're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade," NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan said Tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe. "We know where to look.".
'Galaxy Quest' is in the works at Paramount Television. The DreamWorks film centered on the cast of a canceled space TV show.
A bizarre and alarming discovery is raising concerns in Japan about the potential for terrorism involving drones. A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House on Wednesday, police and government officials said. The discovery came on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima prefecture, more than four years after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster.
Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday -- one day after a bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded, officials said. The NYPD bomb squad on Friday examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty.
Congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules. Here is how this issue works.
For a decade, the New South China Mall -- the biggest shopping mall in the world -- has been an embarrassment for its owners and China. Opened to the public in 2005 in Dongguan in the south of the country, the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment, shops and eateries.
"I apologize. I sincerely apologize," Patrick Cherry told WNBC's Jonathan Dienst. "I was just angry, at that moment, for that exchange.".
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire own the Breckenridge Cannabis Club, a recreational marijuana dispensary in the historic and scenic ski town of Colorado. The couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010, but when Colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana, they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity. Please enable Javascript to watch this video BREECKENRIDGE, Colo.
The cracker or the bite of ice cream -- Brynn Duncan still isn't sure which one sent her into anaphylactic shock that day. Her food allergies change so frequently, keeping track is almost pointless. It was just another day with another massive allergic reaction.
Thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country, lashing out against President Dilma Rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal. The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached.
They were sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, friends and fellow citizens. They were students and dreamers, pursuing their ambition for a better life.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty of such crimes. That tough stance casts a further pall on two Australian drug smugglers, part of the so-called "Bali Nine."
"Around 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes as a result of the conflict in northeast Nigeria between Boko Haram, military forces and civilian self-defense groups," UNICEF said Monday. The "number of children running for their lives within Nigeria, or crossing over the border to Chad, Niger and Cameroon, has more than doubled in just less than a year.".
It is a strangely detached scene for the close of America's longest war: military trainers bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases, on Black Hawks, miles from the front line. But it is how Washington wants this to be.
UltraHaptics is a young company with a big dream: changing the way we interact with electronic devices. Their technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound. The company's tagline says it all: "Feeling without touching."
Google Maps with Pac-Man. Blinky and Pinky on the Champs Elysees? Inky and Clyde running down Broadway?
Aaron Hernandez is known for his swagger. Should he act any differently when he's on trial for murder?.
In the beginning... there was the Bible, and it was a very Good Book. But this Catholic hadn't read it -- at least, not from cover to cover. So, in the middle of Holy Week, I decided to finally take the plunge.
Mao Zedong's "Little Red Book," a selection of the chairman's quotations, was required reading during China's Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 70s. China has now updated the practice for the digital age.
'Che Guevara of Advertising' Stan Freberg Dies at 88. Freberg, whose freewheeling comic career in advertising garnered him worldwide acclaim and whose satirical entertainments abounded on TV, the radio and on records, has died. He was 88. The godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials, Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist."
"They were shooting everywhere," she said. "I didn't want to open my eyes.". Cynthia Cheroitich went into a closet, covering herself with clothes.
Santorum says he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law.
Singerist-songwriter Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California. Paramedics from the Los Angeles Fire Department were called to her home around 2:30 p.
Indian army to clean up Mount Everest trash. Most climbers who try don't succeed in summiting the 29,035-foot-high Mount Everest, the world's tallest peak. But they do leave their trash.
Netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran, insisting again and again it can't be trusted. He took his case to the U.S. Congress last month.
Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide, the cruise line said. Holland America Line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam at 11:30 a.m. Thursday.
Iran's President on Friday hailed the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program, vowing that Iran will stick to its promises and -- assuming other countries live up to their end of the bargain -- become a more active, engaged player in world affairs. President Hassan Rouhani.
Se Severe weather is perilous anytime, of course, but CNN meteorologist Chad Myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. "Tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," he said.
Se Severe weather is perilous anytime, of course, but CNN meteorologist Chad Myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. "Tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," he said.
"July 13th 2014 was the absolute worst day of my life," Sharry posted on Facebook. "I lost my best friend. The father of my unborn child.".
Kenya: What should Kenya do after Al-Shabaab attack?. Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over, but the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured has them debating them with renewed vigor.
"It really depends what you want. Boy? Girl? Young? Old?".
Achievers Ghana aims to break through social barriers and provide girls with formal education through extracurricular classes in reading, math, poetry and information technology. Set up by local Amadu Mohammad, the non-profit organization supports 250 young girls between the age of six and 18, priming them for formal education. Its goal is to breakthrough social barriers.
55 things you might not have considered when thinking about this controversy. By now, you probably have a position regarding the controversy over Indiana's religious freedom law.
Lawyer Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. Buckingham Palace denied the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in January.
At least 54 people have died and 15 others are missing after a Russian fishing vessel sank off the Kamchatka Peninsula, according to Russia's state-run Tass news agency. More than 60 people were rescued Thursday from the chilly waters in Russia's Far East.
The deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal. The good news? The sides are still talking.
Germanwings crash could have saved lives. The flight voice recorder aboard Germanwings Flight 9525 reportedly captured blaring cockpit alarms, warning co-pilot Andreas Lubitz to "pull up" and that "terrain" was ahead. But that was not enough to stop the aircraft.
Indiana's controversial religious freedom law has been in hot water lately. After a firestorm of backlash and protests, Gov.
This is the time of the year when Christians the world over -- more than 2 billion of us -- reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our Lord. In light of the tragic massacre of Christian college students in Kenya on Thursday, and the ongoing threat against Christians in other nations, this Holy Week we are calling upon Christians to also reflect on the crucifixions, beheading, stoning, enforced slavery, sexual abuse, human trafficking, harassment, bombing and displacement of hundreds of thousands of Christians -- and others -- whose faith alone has made them a target of religious extremists. Countless lives have been utterly destroyed in nations such
55 reasons why Nigeria's elections are so important. The last time Muhammadu Buhari came to power in Nigeria, it was by force. This time it was.
Universal's "Furious 7" is about to make history. Furious 7 — the final film from the late Paul Walker — is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend, the top showing ever for an April title, not accounting for inflation.
Gov. Jerry Brown on Wednesday imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents, businesses and farms, ordering cities and towns in the drought-ravaged state to reduce usage by 25%. "We're in a new era," Brown said.
McDonald's announcement that the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers and those of us who support them. But this action, which would raise starting wages at 1,500 McDonald's-owned restaurants to at least $1 an hour more than the minimum wage set by local law, falls short in three important ways.
Iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs, blasted music from stereos and chatted online with the hashtag #IranTalks. The excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the United States and other world powers that promises to end Iran's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions.
Some fans of Lucille Ball want her statue removed from a park in her hometown, saying the "ugly" likeness does not do justice to the "I Love Lucy" star. The life-size bronze statue in Celoron, New York, has been likened to Conway Twitty, the snake from "Beetlejuice" and actor Steve Buscemi, among other unflattering comparisons.
A fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to provide material support to terrorists and for some of the men to join ISIS, according to an indictment from Brooklyn Federal Court released Monday. Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men -- Abdurasul Hasanovich Juraboev, Akhror Saidakhmetov, and Abror Habibov -- were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization. Those three have pleaded not guilty.
The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch, but still a sweet treat for early risers in North America. Watchers in the eastern half of North America caught only a partial eclipse -- and in some places, an orange one -- before the moon set below the horizon. The moon slipped fully into Earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time (7:58 am. ET) Saturday, starting a total lunar eclipse for nearly five minutes -- what NASA says will be the shortest such eclipse of this century. The celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint
Who are the candidates, what are the issues, who's likely to win, why bacon sandwiches matter, what is "UKIP" and, if the Queen isn't in charge, what does she do?.
The questions Turks asked on Tuesday were tinged with fear. "What's going on? What happened?.
Emails that resulted in three Ferguson, Missouri, city employees either resigning or being fired have been released. The exchanges between the city's top court clerk and two police officers were discovered during a U.S. Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice in the city s police and judicial system.
Andrew Getty, the 47-year-old grandson of J. Paul Getty, died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles, according to a statement from his mother and father. Ann and Gordon Getty also "requested that members of the media and the public respect (the family's) privacy during this extremely difficult time," the statement added.
We need to build awareness and support for those who suffer from mental illness. We might never truly comprehend what drove co-pilot Andreas Lubitz to crash Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps on March 24, killing everyone on board. The latest report shows that he sped up the descent.
Prince Harry arrives in Australia. Britain's Prince Harry arrived Monday in Australia, where he'll be spending four weeks with the country's military.
He wouldn't give his name. But the name tattooed on his neck -- Gertrude -- gave him away. That's what Kankakee County, Illinois, Sheriff Tim Bukowski said Saturday about Kamron Taylor, the 23-year-old convicted murderer turned jail escapee until his arrest overnight in Chicago.
Days after a horrific Al-Shabaab attack on its soil, Kenya launched airstrikes targeting the terror group in Somalia, according to a military source. The strikes were not retribution for last week's massacre at Garissa University College that killed nearly 150 people.
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business, Memories Gourmet Pizza Co., in their Wisconsin town. The two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas, including breakfast pizzas and gluten-free options, in stores across Nichols, west of Green Bay. They grew a base of loyal customers. But all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana, which made national headlines after its owners said they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding.
Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia after at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to Australian media reports. Two Bundaberg residents, a 71-year old man and a 64-year-old woman, were each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm, broadcaster ABC reported. The woman, a licensed trainer, was also charged with obstructing police.
GermanLubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Flight 9525 and that he had concealed from his employer recent medical leave notes saying he was unfit for work. Investigators have focused on Lubitz's health as they try to establish his motivation. But the missing "black box" was expected to yield important evidence about the plane's final minutes.
Prince Harry will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army in a number of regiments in Sydney, Darwin and Perth. He'll also participate in regular activities like physical training and pack marches, the Australian military said.
Gray's death in custody is the latest in a string of high profile deaths involving African-Americans and law enforcement. Many have demanded answers about what happened to Gray and his funeral drew civil rights leaders, politicians, and relatives of others who died in police custody. Please enable Javascript to watch this video BALTIMORE, Md.
The complete skeleton of a camel thought to to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found beneath a cellar in Austria. The remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna (Vetmeduni), exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of Tulln in 2006-2007. The skeleton remained there for more than 300 years to raise questions in the future.
They used to do the guarding at Florida prisons. Now they're the ones behind bars.
A roller-coaster series of talks wrapped up Thursday in Lausanne as a group of world powers known as the P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program. The success of that agreement remains to be seen. The parties have until the end to June to work out the details and put the plan to paper.
CNN Student News Transcript: California drought, flu outbreak, Cuba, and a proposed tunnel would connect Denmark and Germany via an undersea road and rail line. After a report on headlines concerning the U.S. and Cuba, CNN Student News gives some perspective on California's historic drought: Its effects are becoming more likely to ripple across the nation. There's been a flu outbreak in Chicago -- but not one that affects humans.
The National Guard's language, contained in internal mission briefings obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request, is intensifying the concerns of some who objected to the police officers' actions in putting down riots. They broke out after the August 9 shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by city police officer Darren Wilson. A grand jury declined to indict Wilson in the case.
Australia, an important ally of the United States, has agreed to share some of its intelligence with Iran. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS.
Sea Shepherd rescues crew of sunken poaching vessel. Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder -- subject of an Interpol "purple notice" for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes -- since its ship the Bob Barker encountered it in the Southern Ocean several months ago. Sea Shepherd's Captain Peter Hammarstedt said the crew rescued from the ship had been handed over to the Sao Tome coastguard early Tuesday.
Somalia. An improvised bomb exploded near a U.N. vehicle traveling near the northeastern Somali city of Garowe on Monday morning, killing six people -- including four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF.
Zobott is enrolled in Huntley High's blended learning program, which merges Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting. One-third of the school's 2,700 students are enrolled. In 2015, the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students.
Charlie Hill sits in a dark bar on a blindingly sunny Havana day. "Hey man," he says with a smoker's rasp and a nod that indicates he knows you have been looking for him.
Misao Okawa, the world's oldest person according to Guinness World Records, has died at the age of 117. Okawa passed away Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan, Tadahi Uchimura, a local official from the city told CNN. She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
Pope Francis lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines and called for violence everywhere to end. Foremost, he asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need.
Duke University students and faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid. We stand together," after a noose was found hanging from a tree on campus. DURHAM, N.C.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States. He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad, according to a complaint unsealed in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York in Brooklyn. He faces a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. His next court date is May 2.
The sun hadn't risen at Garissa University College. Most students slept in their beds. A few had woken up to head to early morning Christian prayers.
Saudi Arabia's first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels inside its southern neighbor. Besides the slain border guard -- identified as Cpl. Salman Ali Yahya al-Maliki -- 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening.
Judge Matthew Cooper said the "advent and ascendency of social media," means sites like Facebook and Twitter are the "next frontier" as "forums through which a summons can be delivered." Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years.
Transcript: CNN Student News. An unstable Middle Eastern country has become a potential battlefield for a proxy war. We also report on the origins of April Fools' Day.
The verdict of the opinion polls on the UK election debate between seven party leaders was simple enough: Between David Cameron of the Conservatives, Ed Miliband of Labour, Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats, Nigel Farage of the United Kingdom Independence Party, Natalie Bennett of the Green Party, Nicola Sturgeon of the Scottish National Party and Leanne Wood of Plaid Cymru, the Welsh Nationalists, there really was no clear winner. Comres for ITV, which staged the debate, had Cameron, Miliband and Farage tied first with 21% and Sturgeon close behind on 20%.
CNN Student News Roll Call: April 3, 2015. We're starting with some international headlines today, covering events in Switzerland, Kenya and the Pacific Ocean. California's historic drought is now hitting home for many residents and businesses, who've been ordered to cut their water usage. We discuss two religious holidays being celebrated worldwide this weekend, and we take a look at a pair of subjects related to U.S. National Parks.
It's with some trepidation that I set off for the Al Marmoum camel race in Dubai. As the only Gulf national in the CNN team, I am expected to be familiar with camel racing, an ancient tradition in the region. But despite my attempts to dress in a kandora, a UAE national dress, my modern outlook on life means I am a total outsider in this world.
A year on, meet the man still fighting to #BringBackOurGirls. How can more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls simply disappear? And how can the Nigerian government and the rest of the world have allowed this to happen?.
Canavero says he has part of the funding secured, although he says he can't yet disclose where the money is coming from. He's also taking the 2015 layman's approach with crowd funding and book sales. He has identified Valery Spiridonov as the first patient.
Holocaust survivors flee to Israel. One war was enough for Gregory Margolin. Now 87 years old, he was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army.
Al Al Qaeda has fired a verbal salvo in a multifaction battle over Yemen, saying it's offering 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent Shia Muslim opponents, including the leader of the rebels who overtook Yemen's capital. Yemen-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, in a news release and wanted poster distributed online, offers the reward for the death or capture of Houthi leader Abdelmalik Bedrudin Al-Houthi and former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for attack in Somalia's capital. Gunmen stormed the headquarters of Somalia's education ministry in the country's capital on Tuesday after a suicide car bombing, a two-pronged attack that killed at least 12 people and injured 16 others, officials said. The Islamist militant group Al-shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu, group spokesman Abu Musab said.
Kl Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion and has, alongside older brother Vitali, dominated the heavyweight division in the 21st century. "I'm going to have a big family with multiple kids," he said.
Anthony Ray Hinton is 58 years old. But in many ways, he is new to the world -- at least the one we know.
Video may have killed the radio star, but in Norway it's digital that's killing FM radio. In two years' time, the Scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely.
Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera, and therefore deserves its own name. Emanuel Tschopp, a paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led this latest study, which took five years and included visits to 20 museums in Europe and the United States to collect data. LISBON, Portugal.
Before landing a gyrocopter on the Capitol lawn Wednesday, Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions and the reasons behind them on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org. "The point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in DC and more importantly, to present the solution(s) to the institutional graft," the 61-year-old Florida postal carrier wrote in an online post titled "Your Pilot.".
Rio de Janeiro launches investigation into dead fish in lagoon. (CNN) — The bad news for Rio De Janeiro ahead of the 2016 Olympics keeps coming after scores of dead fish appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon. With just over a year to go before the city hosts the Games' rowing and canoe competitions, officials with the legislative assembly of R.
The story of Anthony Stokes was supposed to have a happy ending. Instead it ended Tuesday, police say, with the teen heart transplant recipient carjacking someone, burglarizing a home, shooting at an elderly woman, leading police on a high speed chase and then dying after his car hit a pole. In 2013, the teen's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as Stokes' "history of non-compliance.".
Saudi special forces assist Yemeni rebels in Aden. The latest action heats up an already intense conflict that could have ramifications across the Middle East. If the Saudi-led coalition of nine countries takes the fight to the ground in Yemen, the consequences could be severe.
Dan Dan Swangard knows what death looks like. As a physician, he has seen patients die in hospitals, hooked to morphine drips and overcome with anxiety.
Detroit mother charged with murder, torture in freezer deaths. A Detroit mother arrested last month after police discovered the bodies of two of her children inside a freezer was arraigned this week on murder and torture charges. DETROIT, Mich.
We need to ask members of Congress to promote sustainable farming, not factory farms. We need them to support sensible food policies that ensure that everyone has access to food and water. Congress should vote against the DARK Act, which would block any federal or state action that required labels for foods with genetically engineered ingredients even at the expense of the environment.
"It's showtime!" Michael Keaton paid homage -- ever so slightly -- to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman" in his third turn hosting "Saturday Night Live" this weekend. Please enable Javascript to watch this video LOS ANGELES, Calif.
Lauren Bacall's art collection sells for $3.64 million. An impressive art collection assembled by the late actress and Hollywood icon, Lauren Bacall, has officially been offered for purchase. The collection, which includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century, went under the hammer in New York on March 31.
Kamron Taylor beat up the guard, put on his uniform and took his keys. He then walked out of the jail's door and into the officer's brown 2012 Chevrolet Equinox SUV. KANKAKEE, Ill.
Thieves using heavy cutting equipment and rappelling gear broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of London over the past holiday weekend, possibly taking advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes. And they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash -- even, in the educated guess of one former police official, as much as 200 million pounds, or $300 million.
Ay Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is 76. Last year, he underwent a long prostate surgery, which led to rumors that he might be gravely ill.
South Africa: South African Troops Deploy. South African troops deployed Tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence. Their first target: the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on Friday.
South Africa's xenophobia and the impending crisis of Migrants' dignity. As we approach April 27 when South Africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994, we are faced with yet another wave of deadly attacks against African migrants. JOHANNESBURG, South Africa.
The Everglades is a test. If we pass, we might just get to keep the planet. The next time you fly to see Grandma in Florida, look down.
Surveillance video obtained by CNN affiliate News 12 Brooklyn appears to show Det. Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the Yemen Deli and Grocery store in Brooklyn last Friday. The detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes. NEW YORK CITY, N.Y.
The United States has gained much from its position as a space-faring nation. Indeed, U.S. access to space has provided incredible benefit to US national security, defense and the economic well-being of the nation. The Ukraine crisis should have served as a wake-up call, highlighting the danger of dependence on Russia to launch national security satellites into space.
Providenciales climbed a rung from last year's No. 2 ranking among the travel review site's Travelers' Choice award winners to bump Ambergris Caye out of the top spot. It was quite a tumble for the Belize island.
Global capitalism is a juggernaut, with the world economy now doubling in size every generation. Yet on a finite Earth, with a billion new people being added every 15 years, that juggernaut is now laying siege to the physical bases of life and the social support systems that make life pleasant and decent. Sustainable development offers a path out of this growing crisis. The reality is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed.
On the eve of the one-year mark since nearly 300 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram in Nigeria, Malala Yousafzai released an "open letter" to the girls Monday. "Like you, I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school," she writes in the letter. The 17-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner survived an attack by the Taliban, which had singled her out for blogging from Pakistan about the importance of staying in school.
Two African-Americans -- Ella Jones and Wesley Bell -- were elected to the Ferguson City Council on Tuesday, meaning three of the six council members are black. [Previous story, published at 6:52 p.m.
Iranians are jubilant. They had always wanted a way out of the current impasse with the rest of the world and as a reward they could keep the moderates in power for the foreseeable future.
Eight Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan, Iranian state media reported. Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces.
Details of the plot for 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" were revealed during a panel at Star Wars Celebration fan festival Sunday in Anaheim, California. Director Gareth Edwards ("Godzilla") showed an early teaser for the movie and revealed plot details for the. A group of rebels go on a rogue mission to steal plans for the Death Star.
Germanwings pilot Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career, a spokesman for the prosecutor's office in Dusseldorf, Germany, said Monday. Investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives or confessed to any plans, prosecutor's spokesman Christoph Kumpa said.
Frank, to say the least, knows his way around politics. In a Chicago appearance recently, the retired congressman had the sold-out crowd at.
They took Yarmouk by storm, a sea of masked men flooding into the streets of one the world's most beleaguered places. Besieged and bombed by Syrian forces for more than two years, the desperate residents.
Syria is a Hell on Earth that is expanding in plain sight. The death toll there has doubled in a year's time, if an opposition group is right.
China's cybercensors have long used a "Great Firewall" to block its citizens from reading critical articles from Western news websites or consuming other content it disapproves of. But it's no longer enough for them, says a study published Friday.
Houthi leader vows not to surrender. The leader of Yemen's Houthi rebels vowed not to back down on Sunday as a top Saudi military official claimed weeks of airstrikes had significantly weakened the Shiite group. The Houthis say they have the support of the country's people behind them.
One Israeli citizen was killed and another injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack Wednesday night near Hebrew University in Jerusalem. Israel Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said a 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop in the French Hill section of the city.
Who might be murdering allies of Ukraine's ousted President Viktor Yanukovych?. The idea that this might be happening is not entirely new.
#BringBackOurGirls one year on: 'We should all feel shame'. If you cared deeply about something, would you protest? Make a sign? Join a demonstration?
Civil unions between people of the same sex will soon be recognized in Chile. The country joined several of its South American neighbors in allowing the unions when President Michelle Bachelet enacted a new law on Monday. The new law will take effect in six months.
Saudi Arabia's navy now controls all Yemeni ports, allowing only closely watched non-military medical goods to pass its blockade. This effort isn't over, including widespread attempts to locate and destroy Scud missiles still in the country, the source said.
According to a criminal complaint, Tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer, saying "Leave my man alone." "Stop looking for him.... I know people that can put a bomb where you live," she said, according to the complaint.
Gunmen attacked the campus early Thursday as morning prayers were underway, shooting indiscriminately and taking hostages before being killed by security forces, officials said. The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi said Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility. A brutal raid on the Garissa University College in Kenya has left nearly 150 people dead -- including students -- and dozens more wounded.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza on Thursday after a dispute over its sale, a Gaza police official told CNN on Thursday. The owner of the door, Rabea Darduna, filed a complaint with a Gaza court stating that, without realizing its value, he sold the door for just $175 U.S.
What the Oklahoma City bombing teaches us about the threat of right-wing extremism. The significance of the Oklahoma Oklahoma City bombings, in terms of its service as a warning about right-right violence, became greatly lessened. This is a lesson that Americans must now recall and recover.
South African university celebrates removal of Cecil Rhodes' statue. University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes’ statue come down, saying his legacy is tainted with racism. Four weeks later, the hashtag is now #RhodesHas Fallen.
Ambulance service inundated with 600 calls an hour as revellers up and down Britain drink in 2012. Ambulances in London had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning while the Metropolitan Police said they had made 77 arrests. Staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight.
Driver punched father on the school run and smashed up his car with a hockey stick. David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home only to immediately find himself bumper-to-bumper on a heavily congested street with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child from St John's Primary School, in Burnley, Lancashire. Prosecutor Eddie Harrison told the court the incident occurred at 2.50pm on March 2, as the victim drove onto Brent Street, which is very narrow and came nose to nose with another vehicle.
UEFA has announced it has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation (GFF) after fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi. European football's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks while a string of safety breaches, including blocked stairs, locked gates and a lack of body searches by staff at the Boris Paichadze Stadium, will also be investigated.
Holland manager Guus Hiddink has slammed his own supporters for booing Andres Iniesta during his side's 2-0 victory against Spain on Tuesday night. Spain coach Vicente del Bosque fielded an experimental side at the Amsterdam Arena with Iniesta, who started on the bench, entering the fray in the 76th minute to chorus of jeering and boos from the home fans.
Football agents left in limbo as they await news on new regulations. Football agents were left in a state of limbo on Wednesday as they awaited news on the new regulations. As of April 1, the licensing system for agents is to change so that anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period.
Spain's 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday brought back bitter memories of their disastrous 2014 World Cup, but coach Vicente del Bosque will not be too worried about a third straight friendly defeat, insists Gerard Pique Holland, whose 5-1 drubbing of Spain in the group stage in Brazil last year marked the end of the Iberian nation's six-year domination of the world game, scored two early goals at the Amsterdam Arena and held on against some determined Spain pressure in the second half for a 2- 0 success They became the first team to inflict two defeats on Del Bosque since he took over in 2008
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers in December after a poor run of form. And the 27-year-old Belgian told how he tried to remain upbeat despite the disappointment at being axed.
Giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the South on Tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather. Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool.
CSKA Sofia goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent. But despite the financial problems, the Latvian has been impressed by the 'unique' fans and their passionate support.
New York mother flees to Germany with seven-year-old daughter during custody battle. Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with Kaia. But on March 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe.
Crew of replica pirate schooner forced to abandon ship after losing power in rough seas. The crew of the Liana's Ransom were scooped up by Coast Guard life boats on Tuesday, leaving the Canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of Portland, Coast Guard officials said. The tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday.
Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight. 'I feel very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' Miller said at practice on Wednesday.
12-year-old boy falls out of five-storey window and lands on top of car parked underneath the building. The incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi in southeastern China, reported the People’s Daily Online. The boy most likely fell while sleepwalking.
Drunk Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad, and began running towards the animals, shouting he would 'kill them'. Mr Kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and 'thought I'd stand a good chance' against the predators.
Terrifying video shows moment men riding on top of a van are sent flying as it swerves around a corner. About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of Salé, Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed. Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans.
BMW driver with five children on board killed as student walks to library. Hina Shamim, 21, died close to the University of Kingston in London last night, just weeks before her 22nd birthday. Witnesses said that the white BMW M3 sportscar knocked her down before careering head-on into a double decker bus.
Football fan faces three-year ban after running topless onto pitch and performing somersaults. Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during the team's FA cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards.
Firefighters battle huge heathland blaze in Dorset that destroyed 70 hectares of wildlife. In scenes resembling a disaster movie, the inferno laid waste to a picturesque area the size of 100 football pitches. It came after days of storms lashed Britain, with trees felled and roads shut. But the 70 hectare area of Dorset was tinderbox dry as much of it is on a hillside and water had run off.
Michael Thorpe's conviction for illegally showing foreign footage of Premier League games overturned after eight years. Mr Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing a Premier League game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in November 2006 at the Stoke Inn in Plymouth, Devon. He said he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches, and opted instead to show Albanian transmissions of matches, which he thought was legal. But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago, when screening the matches was still treated as a criminal offence.
An irritated elephant decided to douse a buffalo bull with cold water when it got a little too close for comfort. The wildlife creature was relaxing in the Kruger National Park in South Africa with its family by a small pool of water when the bull approached - much to the elephant's annoyance. In a gesture captured on camera, the African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target.
Blue fluorescent algae lights up Australia's east coast. Incredible pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia’s east coast. The amazing images were taken in Jervis Bay which is in the south coast of New South Wales.
Readingis facing a three-year ban after running topless on to the pitch and performing a series of somersaults during his first-ever game at the Madejski Stadium. Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during the Royals' FA Cup 3-0 quarter-final replay win over Bradford City last month.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract, despite Atletico Madrid considering bringing him back in the summer. The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the Spanish champions last July, but has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge.
England have been drawn with the Republic of Ireland, Holland and Italy in Group D of the UEFA Under 17 European Championships. John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions, having defeated Holland on penalties in last year's final in Malta.
Northern Ireland's Windsor Park suffers overnight damage to West Stand. The Irish Football Association is hoping that structural damage at its Windsor Park home in Belfast will not jeopardise the staging of the team's crucial Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania in June. A general view of Windsor Park during a World Cup qualifier between Northern Ireland and Slovakia in 2009.
Mother and teenage daughter arrested after video of them fighting with student at high school is posted online. A mother and her teenage daughter were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday. The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter, reports Channel 2. The mom is seen in a black top on the right and the victim is center wearing white.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air. In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose.
Brittany Huber and John Redman were involved in a deadly car crash just days before their wedding last spring. The bride to be was killed on impact and the groom was left clinging to life.
Two college campus police officers in Dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him. The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last Wednesday. The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus.
Bus driver caught reading newspaper while driving. A passenger filmed the driver on a bus in Auckland, New Zealand, and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint. In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion.
Police are hunting a man aged between 50 and 60 suspected of robbing a bank in broad daylight and running off with £3,000 in cash. The robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff, police said.
West Hammers boss Sam Allardyce confirms Winston Reid will be fit for Saturday's match with Leicester City. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has confirmed Winston Reid will be fit for Saturday's match with bottom-club Leicester City, but Enner Valencia will not be available. Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea on March 4, but the New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break.
Lucas Leiva looks to recapture his best form in two years after injury. Liverpool midfielder Lucas is hoping to slot back in seamlessly after injury halted what was turning into a good season.
Stoke City are hopeful they can keep hold of goalkeeper Asmir Begovic as he enters the final of his contract. The Bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium.
Tom Boyd believes Jason Denayer is ready to challenge for a place at Manchester City next season. To the former Celtic captain, Denayer’s development can act as a perfect advert to encourage more emerging talents to take their next career step at Parkhead. The 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for Belgium in a Euro 2016 qualifier against Cyprus.
Court of Arbitration for Sport lifts Morocco's ban from next two African Cup of Nations. Morocco can now compete in the next two editions after the initial ban was imposed by the Confederation of African Football. The North-African nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $1 million.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group formalise purchase of 20 per cent of Atletico Madrid. The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday where the legal team representing Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m). The deal was initially announced in January but two EGMs were needed in order to ratify the deal.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet took the time to pose for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit as he returned to England after serving on international duty with Belgium in Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel. The 27-year-old is back in England ahead of Liverpool's crucial Premier League game with top-four rivals Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday.
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray reckons a supposedly easier run-in can swing second place Hibs' way ahead of Rangers in the last month of the Championship season. His Dumbarton side have faced both of his former teams in the league this term and will do so once again in the final weeks of the campaign.
Antonio Conte insists Italy's 1-1 draw with England prompted 'fond memories' despite reports of death threats. Conte insisted his return to Turin prompted'very fond memories', despite reports he received death threats in the days leading up to the friendly. Graziano Pelle's first-half strike looked like being enough to earn Italy victory.
Townsend enjoyed silencing the critics with his wonder strike for England, saying naysayers like Paul Merson provided the perfect motivation for him in Italy This has been a topsy-turvy season for the 23-year-old, who has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene Three Lions manager Roy Hodgson has, however, kept faith with the Tottenham winger - belief he paid back in quite exceptional fashion at the Juventus Stadium Townsend celebrates his strike with Tottenham Hotspur team-mates Ryan Mason (left) and Kyle Walker.
Angry woman unleashes racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent. Footage has surfaced of a quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar. The clip, uploaded to Facebook today, show an angry woman unleashing a racist rant over her neighbour's fence. The men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out.
Schoolgirl left stranded at busy airport after easyJet refuses to let her board plane because she was carrying two pieces of hand luggage. Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain. The teenager offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Gordon Robson, 26, killed grandfather John Potts, 45, with a single punch to the back of the head that was so hard it made an 'audible crack' Newcastle Crown Court heard that Robson had been drinking at the bar after being a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral before getting into an argument with a friend of Mr Potts. Fighting broke out after the bar closed, and Robson stepped in to stop it.
Chyknell Hall Estate, Shropshire, is on the market for £6m. A sprawling rural estate - complete with a Grade II-listed manor house and five cottages - is on sale for a whopping £6million. Set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth, Shrewsbury, it also boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables - and even its own cricket green. It is thought the Regency home could now attract A-list buyers.
Bor Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them and Bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term. This time, however, the two giant antagonists of the German game meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings.
Kilmarnock interim manager Gary Locke given permanent job. Gary Locke has been given the role on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal. The former Hearts boss joined the club last summer.
30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours, with a range of seven to nine, the ABC have reported. Any less than six hours or any more than ten hours is unusual for the standard person.
Mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun. In a scene worthy of a Stan Lee comic, a man allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die.' Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands.
Ellen White scores against her old club Arsenal. Scoring against your old team, and executing a perfect set-piece from the training ground are two of the most satisfying things in football. For Notts County star Ellen White, Thursday night was a night to remember as she managed both at the same time.
Jose Luis Gaya: Why Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea want the Spain left-back. Everyone is watching Valencia’s 19-year-old left back with Manchester City and Arsenal hoping to snatch him from under Real Madrid's nose this summer. Sportsmail's Pete Jenson takes a look at the Spain under 21 defender.
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood urges Ron Vlaar to prove himself again. Tim Sherwood wants to see the fit-again defender help struggling Villa to a grandstand finish and warned him people may have forgotten his World Cup heroics. The commanding Dutch centre-back returns from injury to help Villa in their battle against relegation.
High school girls in China are put through their paces with military-style dagger drills. Each of the girls shout the words 'kill, stab, slash and jab' as they perform each of the eight set movements involved in the high-intensity knife-fighting session. The girls aged between 16 and 18 are receiving intensive instruction in how to use a knife form a former special forces solider.
Five-year-old Chinese boy shows off his incredible basketball skills in viral video. A viral video is making the rounds in China, which shows a small boy displaying a dazzling array of basketball skills that would put to shame many professional players. The five-year old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old, reported the People's Daily Online.
Rotherham 0-0 Birmingham City: Steve Evans furious as Millers denied penalty as Blues win narrow Sky Bet Championship clash. Birmingham: Randolph, Caddis, Morrison, Kiernan, Grounds, Tesche, Gleeson, Cotterill, Shinnie (Davis 82'), Gray (Dyer 67'), Donaldson. Subs not used: Fabbrini, Robinson, Thomas, Novak.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover. Randy Lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer.
Ronald Koeman will wait for more accurate date for Fraser Forster's return before deciding whether an additional goalkeeper must be signed in the summer. Forster underwent knee surgery after falling awkwardly in the 2-0 victory over Burnley a fortnight ago and estimates for his comeback have ranged from four to 12 months.
Man City boss Manuel Pellegrini admits City's young Academy players are not ready to step into his first-team squad. Celtic's ambitions of persuading Manchester City to release Jason Denayer for another loan deal at Parkhead next season are well documented. But what you wish for and what you get are often oceans apart and so may be the case regarding Denayer after the pronouncements from City on Thursday.
Ron Ronny Deila insists Celtic will not risk their Champions League aspirations by embarking on another gruelling pre-season travel schedule. The Norwegian blamed last summer’s money-spinning programme of games in the United States, Austria, Germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to Legia Warsaw.
Virgil van Dijk: I needed a nice break with the family away to get some rest and to be ready for Friday. I’ve been to Dubai and got some nice sun-week.
Celtic have hit out at the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness later this month at Hampden. The game's governing body has already come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on Sunday, April 18 - before the first trains from Invernesses arrive in Glasgow. Now the Parkhead club have made their feeling known after ticket prices were set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
Bayern will be without versatile left-back David Alaba for the closing stages of the season after he was ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. Alaba, out for three months earlier this season after a partial ligament tear in his right knee, was injured while playing for Austria.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock’s permanent manager on Friday - exactly eight weeks after he was asked to take charge until the end of the season. An announcement will be made by the Rugby Park club on Friday morning, with the former Hearts boss being given a three-year deal.
Rangers Rangers interim chairman Paul Murray insisted on Thursday night the actions of previous boardroom regimes were ‘solely’ to blame for the club’s stock exchange removal. The Ibrox outfit will be forced to delist.
Wayne Rooney and his England team-mates were upset by the sloppy, uninspired way they started in Italy on Tuesday night. Nine months on from meeting at the.
Dundee United hit back at criticism of board's performance by supporters' groups. The Tannadice club - already under fire for selling Armstrong and Mackay-Steven to Celtic six weeks before their League Cup final defeat to the Scottish champions - responded by defending their record in a statement. The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson features on a list of Celtic's summer transfer targets. As Sportsmail revealed on Tuesday, the Scottish champions are considering a £400,000 offer for the former Rangers and Liverpool defender.
Livingston boss Mark Burchill hopeful Darren Cole will play in final. Darren Cole wants to play in Sunday's Petrofac Cup final despite the game coming just a week after the tragic death of his cousin in America. The ex-Rangers youth has been mourning the loss of Shaun Cole.
Dane Tilse joins Hull KR from Canberra Raiders. Hull KR have plugged the gap created by the loss of front row pair Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey with the capture of experienced Australian forward Dan Tilse. The 6ft 7in, 17st-plus Tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with the Robins.
Would-be drug smugglers were roasted when police discovered marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb. The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory, after something smelled suspicious to the Northern Substance Abuse Intelligence Desk.
Alan Smith rubbished claims that Liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in following the aftermath of his horror injury during Manchester United's FA Cup 1-0 defeat to their fierce rivals nine years ago. Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle while attempting to block a John Arne Riise free-kick during the fifth round clash at Anfield in February 2006.
Arizona State University football player Davon Durant (pictured) was arrested last month on domestic abuse charges, but his girlfriend Kelsi Langley is now saying that he never struck her. The 19-year-old refused medical care and declined to help with her boyfriend’s prosecution.
Justin Verlander snaps selfie in front of a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with his name and jersey number on the back. What's more exciting than meeting your idol? Meeting your idol in a Starbucks, while wearing a shirt with their name on it, and having your picture uploaded to their Instagram account.
Franck Ribery dismisses reports linking Kevin de Bruyne with Bayern. Franck has dismissed reports linking Wolfsburg forward Kevin De Bruyne as a potential replacement for the former France international or his team-mate Arjen Robben. The Belgian has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league's assist charts with 16 – seven more than the next best.
Eden Hazard has admitted an intense campaign with Chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at his best. Hazard was substituted just 62 minutes into Belgium's win over Israel on Tuesday.
Clarke Carlisle splits from wife Gemma after suicide attempt. Troubled footballer Carl Carlisle has revealed he has split from his wife as he continues to battle with depression following his failed suicide attempt. The former Premier League defender said he had'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire that he shared with his wife of 14 years, Gemma.
Cesc Fabregas struggles again as Spain lose to Holland in Holland. It seems an accepted trend that Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas struggles during the second half of the season and the Spanish midfielder was one of the worst players on the pitch again in his country's 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday. The 27-year-old spoke of his happiness in south west London earlier this week but his form has significantly dipped.
Paul Merson admits he was wrong to criticise Andros Townsend's England call-up. Arsenal legend Merson has been forced into an embarrassing climbdown after criticising the England call up for Townsend. The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser with a stunning strike.
Michael McIndoe: Former footballer who fronted £30million investment scheme and lived a millionaire's lifestyle is now'surviving on handouts'. The footballer - who was known as 'Mr Big' in Marbella, where he partied with glamorous girls, is now being chased through the courts by creditors. He lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return. But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts.
Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine.
Six people have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences. Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning in the departure zone of the south coast port.
This dog certainly is his master's best friend after saving him from a cold and muddy grave. The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon. Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius.
Charlie Charlie Austin has revealed how his good mate Joey Barton ignored him on his first day at Queens Park Rangers before realising his mistake. The striker has had a Premier League debut season to remember and is being touted as a possible England debutant in the future after scoring 15 goals in the competition.
Arsene Wenger is so respected and so clearly a deeply intelligent man that every now and then you find yourself nodding sagely at something he has said which, upon closer examination, turns out to sound right but to have decidedly unsubstantial foundations. Usually it is related to how Arsenal’s defensive record is statistically actually very good (it is) in the aftermath of the latest debacle.
A Victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle. The spine-tinging video, which was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, begins with the man approaching his black Holden Ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke is at the centre of a homophobic accusation after posting an offensive comment on social media in response to attacks from Canterbury Bulldogs fans. The 27-year-old had made a heartfelt appeal on his official Instagram account on Saturday in a bid to track down the young Rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at ANZ Stadium in Sydney. The rugby league player had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the Easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised after the controversial clash. But the good Samaritan is now under investigation by the NRL integrity unit over
Lucille Ball statue of hometown icon'monstrous'. In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
Norwich 2-1 Brighton: Nathan Redmond's late intervention gives Canaries vital win. When you’re in good touch, it just takes a moment. Nathan Redmond had only been on the pitch for six minutes when he made the decisive intervention in this tightly-fought encounter.
Sex offender run over by girlfriend after she caught him abusing 12-year-old girl. James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53. Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night.
Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri admits he does not expect to be fully embraced by fans. Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri goes into this weekend's Serie A games admitting he does not expect to be fully embraced by the team's fans until he steers the club to a title. Having joined the Turin outfit last summer, several months after being sacked by AC Milan, Allegri has hardly put a foot wrong.
Mauricio Pochettino compares Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta. Tottenham manager Harry Kane is nearing the 30-goal mark after scoring on his full international debut some 79 seconds after coming on against Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night. Kane moved to within two strikes of 30 goals for the season.
Pavel Nedved has revealed that Barcelona are interested in bringing Paul Pogba to the Nou Camp. The former midfielder, who made 324 appearances for the Turin club, insisted the French star won't be moving anywhere.
Liverpool target Neto is also wanted by PSG and clubs in Spain as Brendan Rodgers faces stiff competition to land the Fiorentina goalkeeper, according to the Brazilian's agent Stefano Castagna. The Reds were linked with a move for the 25-year-old, whose contract expires in June, earlier in the season when Simon Mignolet was dropped from the side.
Not everyone should be behind the wheel of a $50,000 car. That's one lesson to take away from a video posted by YouTube user Richard Stewart showing a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada. The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median.
Iraq war veteran Riki Hughes jailed for 16 months for stealing £17,000 from children's football club and spending it on a stag trip to Las Vegas. Lance Corporal, 31, from Andover in Hampshire, spent the money on himself, including camping equipment and a stag holiday. He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord - even though the team was actually getting its property for free.
Sunderland vs Newcastle United: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need for Sunderland's home clash with Newcastle.
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world - plus a few low points along the way. The video features an interview with the Northern Irishman before he became a golfing superstar.
Sergio Garcia: 'I'm not going to be thinking about the Masters'. Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open.
Johnny Sexton: ‘I’ve been very lucky to have been part of some great sides with Leinster and Ireland, and there haven’t been too many years that have gone by that I haven't won trophies’. Success is a gloriously familiar routine. Adding gold-plated entries to his personal CV has become an annual exercise – a tradition he is hell-bent on maintaining.
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday, accusing India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh. Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate.'
Tottenham defender Ben Davies will allow no room for sentiment up against Wales team-mate Sam Vokes at Burnley on Sunday. Spurs head to Turf Moor looking to sustain a decent run following just one defeat, at Manchester United.
Sam Allardyce defends Nigel Pearson and admires the Leicester City boss for being 'his own man'. West Ham manager Sam allardyce has defended Nigel Pearson. The pair will be reunited when West Ham face Leicester at the King Power Stadium.
John Carver to whip Newcastle players ahead of Sunderland derby. The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals and head coach Carver – who was assistant to Alan Pardew during that wretched run – admits that Sunderland wanted victory more than United on those occasions. Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat will take charge of his second game as boss and will want to keep Sunderland's record going.
Newcastle will be keen to avoid a third defeat on the spin when they take on rivals Sunderland in Sunday's crunch derby after floundering in recent weeks without banned striker Papiss Cisse. It is Dick Advocaat’s side who are struggling at the foot of the Barclays Premier League table – sitting perilously one point above the bottom three – but Sportsmail can reveal that John Carver's team would be two points ADRIFT of their foes in the relegation zone if it weren't for Cisse's goals.
Sunderland captain John O'Shea: 'It's in our hands'. Skipper John O’Shea has challenged Sunderland to keep their fate in their own hands by securing a fifth successive derby victory over Newcastle. The Wear-Tyne rivals meet at the Stadium of Light on Sunday with Sunderland having won the last four meetings.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes is in no doubt it is high time the club brought their run of fruitless trips to Stamford Bridge to an end. Since gaining promotion to the Barclays Premier League in 2008, the Potters have played Chelsea away eight times in all competitions.
Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat welcomes Lee Cattermole back to the heart of his Sunderland team as he attempts to launch another late survival bid with a record fifth successive derby victory. The 27-year-old enforcer has missed the last two games through suspension after reaching 10 bookings for the season, and that meant he was unavailable for the Dutchman's first game in charge, a 1-0 defeat at West Ham on March 21. However, he was the only man told he will definitely start against Newcastle on Sunday.
Ronny Deila: Champions League money gives Celtic manager extra reasons to qualify. To the rest of Scottish football, the prospect of Celtic making more money is damaging to any hopes of increased competition. To Deila, it’s a different kind of bind.
Nolito urges Messi to head to the beach instead of risking foot injury. Celta Vigo forward Nolitos has declared that Lionel Messi should hit the Spanish coast on Sunday rather than risking his foot injury during their La Liga clash with Barcelona. The Barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem, and is set to recover in time for the trip to Celta.
Neil Redfearn is considering his position as manager of Leeds United after the club suspended his assistant Steve Thompson on Thursday. Leeds took two months to appoint Thompson but he was told in a letter from director of football Nicola Salerno yesterday morning that he was be suspended until the end of the season.
Hearts manager Robbie Neilson insists the likes of captain Danny Wilson will only leave Hearts if he is satisfied it's right for the club. As Sportsmail revealed this week, Celtic have placed former Rangers defender Wilson on a list of potential summer recruits.
Rangers winger David Templeton slams McCoist and McDowall's training ground methods. Rangers winger says Stuart McCall has brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management. Templeton praised the impact the former Motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal.
Sam Allardyce warns Brendan Rodgers over Raheem Sterling new deal. Big Sam feels there are so few talented youngsters emerging that clubs are willing to pay extraordinary wages to sign any available. The West Ham manager feels paying Sterling more than the £100,000-per-week deal he was already offered would lead to the 20-year-old's team-mates demanding more.
Jonas Gutierrez is hoping to celebrate his return to first-team action with a much-needed derby victory over struggling Sunderland. The 31-year-old Argentinian has appeared as a substitute in each of the Magpies' last three games following his return from testicular cancer.
Blackpool in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria back-up defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week and they are keen to get him on board.
Arsenal legend Ian Wright would be disappointed to see Theo Walcott leave north London, and believes his troubled times at the club are down to Arsene Wenger's refusal to play him as a striker. Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season since returning from a serious knee injury after seven months on the sidelines.
Ra Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool deal despite being offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay with the Merseyside club. The 20-year-old wideman edged closer towards an Anfield exit after revealing in an interview with the BBC on Wednesday that he would have signed for a lot less a year ago.
England will not be playing in the Under 19 European Championships this summer after losing 2-1 to France in their decisive final qualifier. Having beaten Denmark and Azerbaijan in their opening Elite Round qualifiers, the Young Lions had to beat France in Saint-Lo to advance to July's finals in Greece.
Roberto Martinez is backing Ross Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England after negotiating second-season syndrome at Goodison Park. Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the Toffees.
Tony Pulis is plotting talks with West Bromwich Albion chairman Jeremy Peace once Premier League safety is secured to ensure the club can become a top-ten team again. Pulis said West Brom has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons and needs fundamental improvements to get back on track.
Kevin Sinfield has been warned he will be a 'target' when he makes the switch to rugby union at the end of the season. Sinfield, 34, the greatest captain in Leeds' history, stunned the world of rugby league on Tuesday with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport.
NRL referees and officials have been struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy. Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Bulldogs in an absorbing encounter at ANZ Stadium in Sydney during the Good Friday showdown.
Homeless people read out cruel tweets that have been written about them. The clip, which was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans, is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough. Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I don’t feel sorry for you,' and 'I saw a homeless girl across the street.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving the club's young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. The Championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players, reports the BBC.
George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player, clocking up 210.5 miles on the pitch this season - the equivalent of running from Burnley's Turf Moor ground to Crystal Palace's Selhurst Park in south London. The Burnley winger has run slightly further than Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen.
Manchester United's Anderson sent off for off-the-ball shove on Otacilio Neto. Things haven't been going well for Manchester United flop Anderson since he left Old Trafford to return to Brazil, but at least on Wednesday his own errors were outshone by the stupidity of a team-mate. Former Manchester United midfielder Anderson was sent off in Porto Alegre.
Ra Raheem Sterling is not being disloyal to Liverpool by putting any further talks about a new contract on hold until the summer. The 20-year-old England player has been made what manager Brendan Rodgers described as 'an incredible offer', believed to be £100,000-a-week, but negotiations have ended in stalemate.
Police investigating the murder of a five-month-old baby have today arrested her parents. Police were called to their home at just before 1am yesterday morning because the baby was said to be suffering breathing difficulties.
Dug Dug and his owner, Lindsay Castro, were hiking on the Jurupa Hills trail in Fontana, Canada, on Thursday when they heard a rattling sound. Lindsay backed away, but Dug ran up to the reptile - and suffered the consequences.
Seven-year-old boy raped, set on fire in Mumbai. The incident took place in Padma Nagar in the city of Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai, police said today. A case has been registered under Sections 307 (attempt to murder), 377 (sodomy) of the Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act 2012.
Tycoon Harvey Boulter is also spending another £30,000 to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat, who is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent. Tugdhat’s father, Sir Michael, is the High Court judge who awarded Fox a six-figure sum in damages after he sued Boulters for libellous remarks made on Sky TV.
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa. The Chelsea manager ended his three-year spell in Madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013, leaving the Spanish capital amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players, including club captain Iker Casillas, Sergio Ramos and Pepe. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is happy in London, having won the Capital One Cup with Chelsea last month.
Builder spotted Jesus Christ on a plank of wood just a few days before Easter. Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board in Inverness, Scotland, on Wednesday.
BBC has come under fire for spending thousands of pounds of licence fee payers' money on a guide teaching its staff the correct way to use emojis. The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media.
Roberto Mancini has cancelled his Inter Milan players' day off on Easter and ordered them into training. Inter confirmed on their website (www.inter.it) that the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time, watched by club vice-president Javier Zanetti and sporting director Piero Ausilio.
Brendan Rodgers admits Liverpool are unlikely to reach the top four. A period of striving came to an end for Liverpool and Brendan Rodgers at the Emirates on Saturday. Hope expired.
Ex-Manchester United and England defender Paul Parker's old passport on eBay for £5,000. Most fans wants to get their hands on a rare piece of memorabilia once belonging to their favourite player or team and little bits of history can fetch thousands of pounds on the open market. But you may be surprised to know that an expired passport of Paul Parker - most famous for playing right back for Manchester United during the nineties - was listed on eBay.
Slovakia beat Czech Republic 1-0 in friendly. Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to victory over the Czech Republic on Tuesday in a friendly between the two teams that once represented Czechoslovakia. The 20-year-old midfielder struck with a low shot from outside the penalty area in the 49th minute.
Karim Benzema sings along to Tupac in his Bugatti Veyron. The Real Madrid striker showed his talents aren't just limited to the football pitch as the Real Madrid star posted a video showcasing his rapping skills while cruising along in the Bugatti. As Real Madrid prepare for their La Liga clash against Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday, Benzema shared a video of him singing along to 'Check Out Time'.
Sheffield Wednesday 1-1 Huddersfield Town. Two goals inside the last four minutes saw the Yorkshire derby clash between Sheffield Wednesday and Hull end in a draw. Wednesday substitute Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and Ishmael Miller, also on as a substitute, secured a point for his side.
Stuart Dallas has come a long way since Mark Warburton plucked him from a glorified park and £70-a-week. The 23-year-old scored two quite stunning goals as Brentford demolished Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday.
Three people have been taken to hospital following a head-on collision between a vintage sports car and a 4WD. The 1973 E-Type Jaguar, which is thought to be worth over $120,000 was completely written off when it came up against the Toyota Kluger on their Sunday drive.
Basketball star surprises girl with Down syndrome with 'prom-posal'. On Thursday, Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky who will play for Ball State next year, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989'.
Gas-guzzler: Chinese villagers carry gas in huge plastic bags. Villagers from Shandong Province in eastern China have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags. Recent images show intrepid residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres.
New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox are America's favorite baseball teams. A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county.
Barack Obama impersonates House of Cards' Frank Underwood. President Barack Obama took a break from being the real president on April Fools' Day to impersonate a fictional one. 'Hello everybody,' the president said after turning his head.
Brady Eaves, 18, who was filmed biting the head off a live hamster has been expelled from his fraternity, withdrawn from college and submitted for mental assessment. The 18-year-old student from Madison, Mississippi, who shrieked with laughter as he murdered the small animal in a video from a drunken Spring Break party. He bites, spits, then throws the rest of the animal over a fence.
John Bramblitt, 42, loses his sight 12 years ago and can create amazing images just by touch. At the age of 30, the artist from Denton in Texas was completely blind. Despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting. Despite never seeing his guide dog, he was able to create this highly accurate painting.
Teenager accused of plotting to join Kurdish rebels. Sixth-form student Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London last October, while she was still only 17.
Lud Ludovic Obraniak taken to hospital with suspected heart problem. Caykur Rizespor midfielder Ludovic OBRaniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted during his side's match against Fenerbahce on Saturday. The Poland international had to be replaced after just 30 minutes before being taken for tests.
ChrisChris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country, but insists he doesn’t need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger. Ramsey's QPR, who face Pulis’s West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday, are 19th in the Barclays Premier League table – four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th.
Kluivert helps Curacao advance to World Cup qualifying. Former Holland forward and assistant coach Patrick Kluiverts has made a winning start in World Cup qualification as coach of Curacoa. The Caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament late Tuesday.
Tiger has been spotted hitting balls on the practice range at Augusta National. Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since withdrawing from the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 with a recurrence of his back problems.
Edinburgh welcome back three Scotland internationals for Sunday's European Challenge Cup quarter-final with London Irish. Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 26-15 win.
Sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket and continue for another year, the country's sports minister said on Wednesday. Sangakkarara bid farewell to the one-day game on March 18, disappointed with a World Cup quarter-final defeat and saying that he was happy Sri Lanka were in a better place than when he came into the side in 2000.
Moses Kipsiro, who successfully defended his Commonwealth Games 10,000m title in Glasgow last year, told Sportsmail this week of the day five female runners came to him for help; and the death threats he says he has subsequently received after reporting the allegations to his national federation and the police. Only on Monday Kipsiro passed details of the death threats – sent anonymously via text messages – to police officers in Kampala, Uganda.
Alan Pardew refuses to rule Manchester City out of Premier League title race. Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardsew insists Manchester City can come from behind again to snatch the Barclays title from Chelsea. City overtook Liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions last season and in 2012, Sergio Aguero's injury-time strike in the final game sank Manchester United.
Swansea City vs Hull City: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need.
Hull City reapply to FA for permission to rebrand as Hull Tigers. Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers after the initial request was blocked. The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the FA council voted against it.
Leicester City midfielder Esteban Cambiasso knows what it feels like to claim football's biggest prizes but says saving the Premier League strugglers from relegation would be one of the highlights of his career. 'For me, it's like another cup.'
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan finishes at Southampton, according to the Spanish club's sporting director Jose Luis Perez Caminero. The Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast, and has hinted in the past that he would like to remain permanently in the Premier League.
Chelsea vs Stoke City: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news. Here is all the information you need for Chelsea's home clash with Stoke.
Garry Monk's men have enjoyed an excellent campaign by being in the top 10 all season and are currently in eighth place with the club's best Barclays Premier League points total in sight. Swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural Premier League campaign in 2011-12.
For those who like their plot lines thick and brimming with intrigue, steering clear of Paisley last night seemed the judicious option. A Celtic side with the scent of the Treble in their nostrils facing a St Mirren outfit badly in danger of entering free-fall scarcely looked like a recipe for a Friday-night thriller.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club this season. Ibrox has been a happy hunting ground for the Edinburgh clubs this season. Three league visits have been made.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are billed as two great rivals of modern day football but if former Brazil striker Ronaldo has his way, they could one day be in the same team. The 2002 World Cup winner is a co-owner of second tier United States side Fort Lauderdale Strikers and Ronaldo wants to leave no stone unturned in his quest to make the side a major global force.
SerieA fourth straight Serie A title is Juventus' for the taking after they beat Empoli 2-0 on Saturday night to establish a 14-point advantage at the top of the table with nine games of the season remaining.
Fiorentina 2-0 Sampdoria, Juventus beat Empoli, AC Milan beat Palermo. Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah continued his scoring streak as the on-loan Chelsea midfielder struck again. Mohamed scored a second-half brace to help Fioresntina to their second win in a row.
Cesar Azpilicueta counting down the games until Chelsea win the title. The Spanish defender and his club team-mates sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, six points clear of nearest rivals Manchester City with a game in hand. The Blues have long been considered title favourites.
Kevin de Bruyne's agent has denied a deal in his place for his client to leave Wolfsburg in the summer but admitted that a number of clubs are keeping an eye on the Belgian star. De Bruyne has become one of the hottest prospects in European football after starring in the Bundesliga - being linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
Ulster have announced the signing of New Zealand international Charles Piutau. The 23-year-old has played for the Blues in New Zealand since 2012 and has won 14 caps for the national side.
North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final at Clermont Auvergne after his latest head injury. North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months, including in last Friday's 52-30 win over Wasps.
Mohamed Diame will make his long-awaited return for Hull when the Tigers travel to Swansea on Saturday. Hull boss Steve Bruce has confirmed that the Sengalese midfielder, signed for £3.5million from West Ham in the summer, will be involved at some stage of the match.
Tom Carroll out for up to six weeks with ankle ligament damage. Swansea's England Under 21 international Tom Carroll faces six weeks on the sidelines due to injury. Carroll, who is on loan from Tottenham, was hurt during England's 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic last Friday.
Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund this week after failing to recover from injury, and admits he 'can't even run'.. The Bayern Munich winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury at the beginning of last month.
Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since returning from an ankle injury by appearing against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday. Midfielders Franck Ribery (ankle), Arjen Robben (stomach) and Javi Martinez (knee) are all out, coach Pep Guardiola added on Friday.
Alvaro Morata wants to continue development at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid, according to agent Beppe Bozzo. The 22-year-old joined the Italian giants for £15.8million last summer after failing to break into the Real first-team on a regular basis. Morata signed a five-year deal at the Juventus Stadium after starting just three games for Real during the 20113-14 campaign.
Burnley's Michael Duff backs Sean Dyche to take charge of England. Veteran Burnley defender Michael Duff believes his manager could one day manage England. Dyche has overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since arriving at Turf Moor in October 2012.
Brentford 4-1 Fulham. Stuart Dallas fired home two superb strikes while a sublime free-kick from second-half substitute Alan Judge and a late fourth from Jota ensured all three points.
Charlton 1-2 Millwall: Jos Hooiveld strikes late to earn Lions first win at The Den since October. Jos Hooivld's late strike earned Millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over south London rivals Charlton on Good Friday - the Lions' first win at The Den since October. Millwall boss Neil Harris named an unchanged line-up from the 2-2 draw at Brentford last time out.
Football fans face travel misery this weekend because of the Easter rail shut down. Despite more than 30 Premiership and Championship games scheduled for the long weekend, large parts of the rail network are set to be closed for repair works. More than half the games are affected by delays and disruption, forcing fans onto the roads.
World Cup stadium up for sale in Brazil. Brazil's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS, with the company also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador. The company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation.
U.S. senators call for Russia to be removed as 2018 World Cup host. A group of US senators has written to football's world governing body FIFA, calling for Russia be removed from the tournament because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea. In a letter dated Tuesday and released on Wednesday, the 13 Democratic and Republican lawmakers said they'strongly encourage' FIFA to move the global competition.
Mauricio Pochettino gives Harry Kane his blessing to play in the European Under 21 Championships. Tottenham's Harry Kane will be in Gareth Southgate's squad for the tournament in the Czech Republic this summer. Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia ahead of the championships.
Premier League 2014-15 TV schedule announced. The Barclays Premier League have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the season. As the campaign reaches its climax, both Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed with the race for the Champions League featuring prominently.
Stunning video shows an American P-51D Mustang fighter jet taking to skies after a painstaking restoration. Somersaulting high in the skies with dizzying abandon, it is hard to imagine that this U.S. fighter jet is some 70 years old - and reconstructed from more than 200 parts. The Quick Silver Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak.
Five people, including the son of the governor of Sao Paulo, have died after a helicopter crashed into a house in the Brazilian city. The crash happened in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of the city at around 5.20pm local time yesterday.
It may not be as fast as a Ferrari or as regal as a Rolls Royce but the most popular type of car in the world is 50 years old this year as the humble hatchback hits its half century. The car shape originally designed to help French farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the UK.
Paul Merson has restarted his row with Andros Townsend after the Tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team's 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday. 'Just been watching the game, did you miss the coach?
Venezuela captain Juan Arango apologises to rival player after biting him on the shoulder. Venezuela's Arango's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey with just seconds left when he went up to midfielder Jesus Zavala and bit him. 'I spoke to him after the game and apologised, it was a very hot-blooded game,' the 34-year old midfielder said.
Almeria name former Barcelona defender Sergi Barjuan as new manager. La Liga strugglers Almería have named former Barcelona player Sergi Bajuan as their third coach of the season. The 43-year-old replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo scores five as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1. The Real Madrid forward scored five goals against Granada, taking his tally in La Liga to 36 - more than half of Europe's top teams.
Salford Red Devils 24-18 Wigan Warriors. Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try as the Red Devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by Wigan after a thrilling contest which saw both players finish with 12 men. The hard-fought contest erupted 15 minutes from time with referee Richard Silverwood sin-binning Hauraki and Bateman after a melee.
Hull Hull bounced back from Thursday's derby defeat to Hull KR to snatch a surprise 28-20 victory at Langtree Park, condemning St Helens to a third straight defeat. A long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a win.
England fans sing anti-IRA songs during Italy friendly. Frankly, it is embarrassing to listen to - a stain on our usually good-natured and good-humoured travelling supporters as we look ahead to June’s friendly with the Republic of Ireland in Dublin. It also places a strain on the FA.
Sportsmail's top team of reporters submit their starting line-ups for Euro 2016. England may be well on course to sealing their spot at Euro 2016 but it appears as if manager Roy Hodgson still does not know his best XI. Sportsmail’s top team have submitted their starting XI for the finals in France.
Lonesome heart advert in newsagents' window goes viral. From kittens for sale to handymen for hire, the majority of ads posted in the window of newsagents are practical ones. But for one lonely heart, it proved the perfect alternative to internet dating after a man used it to advertise for someone special.
Hen Henrik Larsson forced to play 42-year-old kit man in goal. The former Celtic and Barcelona striker had no option but to play Daniel Andersson with goalkeepers Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski out injured.
Mils Muliaina bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. World Cup winning rugby star Mils Muliaina, 34, was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the European Challenge Cup. He had come off injured during Connacht's 14-7 defeat at Gloucester last night when he was approached by police.
'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge, among others. These were just a few of the events that were taking place all over the world as Holy Week, which began on Palm Sunday, nears its end.
Premier League preview: Crystal Palace vs Manchester City. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Crystal Palace's home clash with Manchester City....
Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Abou Diaby a new contract but has hinted that the injury-prone midfielder could have a future at Arsenal beyond this summer. Diaby made his latest comeback from injury on Wednesday but has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at the Emirates Stadium with extended spells on the sidelines.
Liverpool have scored just 45 goals - compared to 84 at the same stage last season - and their top scorers - Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard - have scored six goals each. To put that into context, only Crystal Palace (Dwight Gayle and Mile Jedinak - four) and Sunderland (Adam Johnson and Steven Fletcher - four).
Alan Pardew was warned about his behaviour by the FA and wrote to Pellegrini to apologise for the offensive name he called him. On Monday at Selhurst Park, the 53-year-old meets the Chilean again having taken steps to change a pattern he feared was becoming destructive.
Joe Hart insists Manchester City are still capable of winning the Premier League title. The title race may be over in the minds of some, but Joe Hart is irrepressibly optimistic. Of course, he is paid to believe but there is some logic to his positivity when you consider how Manchester City won the league in 2012 and 2014.
Police in Rhein Erft received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field. They immediately assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call.
Twitter users react to onscreen blunder. Social media has reacted after Channel 7 managed to let a questionable name appear on screen during one of Australia's biggest charity telethons. TV hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist Hugh G.
QPR confident ahead of Aston Villa clash. Confidence in the QPR camp is high heading into Tuesday's crucial Barclays Premier League match at Aston Villa. QPR had lost 13 of 14 league away games before Saturday's vital 4-1 victory at West Brom.
Aston Villa vs Queens Park Rangers: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every Barclays Premier League fixture. Here is all the information you need for Tuesday's home clash with QPR.
Kim Sei-young takes three-shot lead into final round of ANA Inspiration. The South Korean, who led by two shots at the halfway stage at Mission Hills Country Club, birdied the first hole before a bogey at the par-three fifth halted her progress.
Lydia Ko shoots 74 in ANA Inspiration. Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inviration, her second straight over-par round after tying the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29. A day after hitting into the water and bogeying.
Colin Montgomerie: Tiger Woods is in it to win it - but it would be a 'disaster for everyone'. Former world No 1 Tiger Woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the Masters.
Spectators flock to see local boy Jordan Spieth. No Tiger Woods and no Rory McIlroy in the field is proving no problem in Houston, where record numbers have descended on the small suburb of Humble for the Shell Houston Open. The last tournament before the Masters is proving quite a show-stopper itself thanks to the crowd-pleasing antics of the popular Phil Mickelson.
Lydia Ko's record-equalling run comes to an end. South Korea's Kim Sei-young spectacularly eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ANA Inspiration on Friday. That left the Korean at seven-under 137 in the first women's major of the season.
Serena Williams becomes latest recipient of giant cake as she clinches 700th career victory. The Miami Open is threatening to turn into national cake week, after the world No 1 became the recipient of a giant celebration present after she clocked her 700th victory. The day following Andy Murray’s 500th win another huge cake was wheeled out to mark Williams reaching the semi-final.
Andy Murray has a fairly simple message for any of his fellow British tennis players who might be agitated about the imminent arrival of Aljaz Bedene into the home ranks: don’t complain. Instead the British No 1 believes his colleagues should use the assimilation of the world No 83, originally from Slovenia, as motivation to better themselves.
Andy Murray: Don't complain about Aljaz Bedene. Andy Murray came close to giving himself some extra preparation time for his wedding next week before ensuring that he still has unfinished tennis business to attend to. The world No 4 is into the semi-finals of the Miami Open.
Carla Suarez Navarro beats Venus Williams to reach Miami Open semi-finals. Spain's Carla Suárez Navarro came back from a dreadful first set to defeat three-times Miami Open champion Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne on Tuesday and set up a semi-final clash with Germany's ninth seed Andrea Petkovic. Carla's comeback against Venus Williams saw her reach the last eight of the Miami Open for the first time.
Novak Djokovic powers into Miami Open quarter-finals. Reigning champion Novak Djokovic dug deep to avoid a shock exit at the hands of Alexandr Dolgopolov before powering into the quarters of the Miami Open. The unseeded Ukrainian surprised the Serbian by winning a first-set tie-break and building a quick 4-2 lead.
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride Jim Culloty's Spring Heeled in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on Saturday week. The eight-year-old, winner of Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup at last season’s Cheltenham Festival, has been given a National preparation.
Dragons Dragons reach Challenge Cup semi-finals. Newport Gwent Dragons reached the European Challenge Cup semis with a thrilling 25-21 victory over Cardiff Blues.
Bath will look to their England contingent to lead the charge against Leinster in Dublin as they attempt to make amends for their Six Nations defeat at the Aviva Stadium last month. George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by Ireland which halted another Grand Slam crusade.
Alfonso Thomas to coach Delhi Daredevils in Indian Premier League. Somerset's new limited-overs captain has agreed a deal to become Delhi's coach in India. Veteran seamer Thomas, still recovering from a broken ankle, is not yet fit for selection for Somerset's first LV= County Championship fixture.
Moeen Ali is planning to join England for the latter stages of their Test tour of the West Indies. The off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign, and was therefore not available when the selectors chose the Caribbean squad.
Sim Bhullar set to become NBA's first player of Indian descent. Sim BhULLAR and the Sacramento Kings are about to make NBA history. The Kings are signing him to a 10-day contract, a person with knowledge of the deal said Wednesday.
Arsenal 4-1 Liverpool: Arsene Wenger is convinced something is finally happening at Arsenal again. The Gunners romped to a four-goal win over Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium in Saturday's lunchtime kick-off, which was a seventh successive Barclays Premier League victory and moved them up into second place. Arsenal are capable of giving anyone a run for their money.
Maur Mauricio Pochettino is in no doubt goalkeeper Michel Vorm has the strength of character to put his Capital One Cup final disappointment behind him and again prove an able deputy for Hugo Lloris at Burnley on Sunday. The 31-year-old had to watch on from the bench at Wembley against Chelsea in last month's League Cup final defeat, despite having featured in the earlier rounds.
Celtic's Leigh Griffiths invoked the power of the Tunnock's Tea Cake in his warm-up routine for Good Friday night's game with St Mirren. The controversial striker warily looked round in the dug-out before unwrapping the tasty treat within the first 10 minutes of the vital SPL encounter.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has been reassured that the decision to remove the club off the London Stock Exchange will not affect his squad's promotion push. The Ibrox faithful were rocked by Thursday's news that the club had been de-listed from the AIM after chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor.
Dick Advocaat and John Carver prepare for Sunderland derby. At last, some good news for Sunderland and Newcastle United — apparently form goes out of the window in a derby. Now isn’t that a relief?
Porto have now received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. The Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits.
Lionel Messi's foot swelling is still a concern for Barcelona after the Argentine star missed both games for his country during the international break. He now faces tests to determine whether he will be fit to tackle Celta Vigo on Sunday.
River Plate keen to sign Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao but admit a deal is complicated. The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009.
Curry, Thompson lead Warriors past Clippers. Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25 as the Golden State Warriors held off the Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 on Tuesday for their 10th consecutive victory.
Brendan Rodgers has revealed how rejection as a young player has inspired him to give the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe their break in the first team. Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England aged 16.
Raheem Sterling: Brendan Rodgers insists Liverpool star is'relaxed' about contract talks. Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Raheam Sterling will be going nowhere this summer and that he is 'laid back' about the star's stalled contract talks. The Liverpool manager was reacting after the 20-year-old admitted in a television interview that he was not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club.
Jamie Carragher flew out to watch James play in the famous youth tournament which features over 200 clubs from 36 countries in Girona in northern Spain. The Reds also play CE Cristinenc before taking on FE ATL Bisbalenc in their Group E games. The tournament is now in its 15th year and both Philippe Coutinho and Lucas played in the tournament in the past as well as other big names, including Lionel Messi, Cesc Fabregas, Neymar, Geard Pique, Oscar and Juan Mata.
Rangi Chase faces four to eight-match ban after dangerous throw charge. Salford half-back RANGI Chase faces the threat of a four-to-eight-game ban after he was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday. The Red Devils went on to beat Huddersfield 18-12.
Thiago: 'Football is my life'. Bayern Munich playmaker Thiago admits coming on against Borussia Dortmund to make his first appearance in a year was an emotional moment and has thanked the German club. The midfielder hadn't played for the Bayern since March in 2014, when he suffered a serious knee injury against Hoffenheim.
Real Madrid star James Rodriguez is set to return to first team action against Granada on Sunday after recovering from a fractured right foot following two months on the sidelines. Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti has said Rodriguez will start Sunday's La Liga match at the Santiago Bernabeu.
St Etienne want to sign Cardiff full-back Kevin Theophile-Catherine on a permanent deal. The 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million but has been on loan with the French side this season. They have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million.
Daryl Clark ready to take on former team-mates at Castleford Tigers. Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club when Castleford visit struggling Warrington as part of a full First Utility Super League programme on Easter Monday. The England hooker left the Tigers at the end of last season and, despite the switch, he has kept a close eye on events at his old club.
JoshJosh Griffin scores a try and kicks three goals as Salford Red Devils secure a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory over Huddersfield Giants at the John Smith's Stadium. Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half, although Jack Hughes gave the Giants hope.
Wigan Warriors 12-4 St Helens. Wigan climbed up to third place in the First Utility Super League after exacting sweet revenge on arch-rivals St Helens for October's Grand-Final defeat. The Warriors came out on top in a brutal, no-holds-barred contest in front of a spellbound capacity 24,054 crowd at the DW Stadium.
Widnes 30-10 Warrington. Warrington crashed to a third straight Super League defeat and could be in trouble with the Rugby Football League following crowd trouble in the Cheshire derby.
England have finally arrived home from Turin after their delayed flight landed at Manchester Airport following Tuesday night's 1-1 draw with Italy. The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay.
Andros Townsend: How can a player with Townsend's obvious ability be sent out to nine different clubs on loan by Spurs? Why has he still not played a full 90 minutes for his club in the Premier League this season?.
Southampton striker Graziano Pelle scores against England. The goals may have dried up at club level but the Southampton striker repaid Italy coach Antonio Conte's faith by scoring against England. Having arrived from Feyenoord at a reported cost of £9million, the 29-year-old seamlessly slotted in at St Mary's.
Joe Hart hails Gianluigi Buffon as a 'legend of the game'. England ace Joe Hart labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a ‘legend’ after seeing the Italian veteran claim his 147th cap. Hart, who passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on Tuesday night, said Buffon was an inspiration.
Italy newspaper criticises Theo Walcott's display against England. Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport have criticised England's performance against Italy by highlighting how little impact Walcott had against their national team. The Milan-based publication have scored England's players out of 10, with Walcott receiving the worst rating with five. England captain Wayne Rooney, goalscorer Andros Townsend and substitute Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven points.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night, despite the slide being closed after heavy rain made it too dangerous It is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery The thrill seekers were travelling at such great speeds they were unable to stop eventually running into a barricade at the bottom of the slide The 22-year old woman and the 60-year-old man required emergency medical treatment and were taken to Westmead
National Union of Teachers to vote on national walkout over pay and conditions. Pupils could face disruption to classes as teachers prepare to vote to strike over pay. Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures. The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election.
Zara Tindall pulls husband Mike along as he barrel-rolls from Perthshire to Wiltshire. She's a professional equestrienne and was happy to have a go at wheelchair rugby, a sport nicknamed'murder ball', during last September's Invictus Games. Now Zara has turned her hand to barrel-pulling - and laughingly pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike.
Frisky tortoise falls on his back while trying to mate with a female. These hilarious images show the moment a frisky male tortoise loses his balance and falls on its back while attempting to mount a female at Kiev Zoo. The tortoise casanovca made painfully slow progress in getting into position with his mate in the first place. The amusing moment was caught on camera, by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko, 34.
Clermont smash Northampton. The Champions of England were smashed into submission at Stade Marcel Michelin on Saturday night, to further expose the vast gulf in clout between the Aviva Premiership clubs and their rich French rivals. This was a brutal mismatch and a shattering result.
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid' but his family wanted to stay in Germany. The former Real Madrid and Liverpool midfielder, now back at Dortmund, attracted interest from the Gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s.
Man stabs girlfriend in the backside with pitchfork. Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday. It escalated, and at 4.15am he allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind.
Peacock theft caught on camera. Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, say that they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage, before quickly snatching him up on Saturday. Footage from the home of Lisa Solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black SUV around 7pm.
Kevin Sinfield, 34, the greatest captain in Leeds' history, stunned the world of rugby league with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season and join the Rhinos' sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. Sinfield has never played rugby union but already identified a role for himself in his new sport as he follows in the footsteps of Jason Robinson, Andy Farrell and Sam Burgess.
Manuel Pellegrini admits Manchester City will have to buy young talent because the Academy's youngsters are not ready for first-team action. Liverpool star Raheem Sterling has already had his name linked with the defending Premier League champions.
Duckling grooms a lamb's woollen coat in a 'heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'. A farmer has captured the adorable moment a duckling groomed a lamb’s woollen coats in a ‘heartwarming show of trust’. Videoed enjoying the sunshine outside, the lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck. Walking around to the front of the lamb, the duck begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck.
Tyler Tyler MacNiven and fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials, and the two went all out in the process. The video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion.
ATM stolen from California gas station. CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek. While one man distracts a cashier at the window, another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine.
Peter Alliss, 84, has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership. Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee.
Cold War bunker built to accomodate civil servants in the event of a nuclear attack has been transformed into a stunning £3.5million luxury home. The property, in the leafy south east London suburb of Chislehurst, was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951. The site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls.
Managers who have won the Premier League. Winning the league championship used to be the ultimate achievement for any manager and make him bombproof for many years to come. That's not the case today.
Carl Carlisle United boss Keith Curle has laid into his players following their dismal 3-1 loss at Accrington Stanley. The Cumbrians are without a win in five games in League Two and are just two places and three points above the relegation zone.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger fields questions from the media at Thursday's press conference. 'Per Mertsacker this week is going to give a team talk live around the world?'
Chelsea star Oscar swigging from a bottle of sweets ahead of Stoke clash. Things have been going rather sweetly for Oscar in recent times. The Chelsea forward has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season while his side are currently commanding a six-point lead at the summit of the Premier League standings.
Everton stars Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children's Hospital on Wednesday to spread some Easter cheer for the young patients and their families. The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the West Derby hospital following their training session on Wednesday.
Football fan faces three-year ban after running topless onto a pitch and performing somersaults. Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during the team's FA Cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time.
Mesut Ozil posts picture of himself relaxing with his dog after returning from international break. The German star was in fine form as the World Cup winners beat Georgia 2-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday, and is now setting his sights on the Premier League encounter with Liverpool at the weekend. Ozil, who was signed for £42.5million from Real Madrid in 2013, missed Arsenal's last game through illness.
Jamie Carragher accuses Yaya Toure of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick at Selhurst Park. The Manchester City midfielder was part of a five-man wall when Puncheon stepped up to double Crystal Palace's lead, but Carragher feels the City midfielder did not do enough to prevent the winner. 'That's not acceptable when you go into a wall,' Carragher said.
Messi should be fit to play in Barcelona's La Liga game at Celta Vigo on Sunday despite a scare over a possible foot injury, centre back Gerard Pique said on Wednesday. Messi, the top scorer in La Liga, did not feature in either of Argentina's friendlies during the international break after sustaining a blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' against Real Madrid.
FIFA has announced that Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has returned a £16,000 watch he was given as a gift. Dyke was given one of a limited edition of Parmigiani watches by the Brazilian FA during a FIFA Congress meeting in Sao Paulo last summer.
Tyler Walker is a player who could form Nottingham Forest’s attack for years to come, according to manager Dougie Freedman. The 18-year-old striker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at Brentford on East Monday.
Peter Alliss: BBC should have tried harder to win rights to Open Championship. Veteran BBC commentator says attempts to give women equal rights in golf have 'caused mayhem'. 'There's been a hell of a row because four golf courses that hold the Open Championship didn't have women members,' he said 'All of the wives of members at these clubs could have used the facilities for free.'
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth, over the weekend in place of their father who passed away. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage.
New Zealand man who went missing for 10 years calls family. John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north.
Doting dad teaches his son how to'magically fly'. YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air. As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.
Lucy Garrod, 27, left partially blind in one eye after bacteria grows under her contact lens. A photographer has described the horror of being left almost completely blind in her right eye by a bacterial infection caused by a corneal abrasion, which grew under her right lens. Lucy, now 27, from Jersey, developed an ulcer known as a cornal abraasion, caused by bacteria growing under her lens. She spent a week in hospital, where medics broke the news that she was still partially blind.
David Luiz could be a doubt for PSG's Champions League clash with Barcelona after picking up a hamstring injury on Sunday. The Brazilian defender went off after 35 minutes of PSG’s 3-2 win over Marseille after suffering an injjury to his left leg.
Meerkats test out their basketball skills at Indianapolis Zoo. The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs.
Golden Retriever fails to catch hard-boiled egg in his mouth. Dogs are usually maestros when it comes to games of throw and catch - especially when there's food involved. But Fritz the Golden Retrievers from California appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills, as a new video shows.
Baby girl mesmerized by toy mothering hen. Forget the Easter Bunny, it was an egg-laying chick spreading the joy in one household. A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl.
Snowstorm engulfs a bridge and then a river in a matter of seconds in Russia. A freak snowstorm was captured on video engulfing a bridge in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk, and shows the moment snow and sleet plunge the Yenisei River into darkness. A video maker captured the storm, which initially it looks like a large white cloud, from the bank of a river. The video maker then tilts the camera slightly and captures the cloud moving overhead.
Hot air balloon collides with transmission tower and crashes to the ground in Russia. Three people are fortunate to be alive after a hot air balloon collided with a transmission tower during a training session in Russia. In the incident, which was captured on camera, the balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket, which carries three occupants, plummets. The horrifying incident took place in the sky over Russia's Dmitrov district.
Goanna swallows rabbit in under one minute. The grisly footage shows the ravenous reptile battling to swallow its ill-fated prey. The video begins by closing in on the top of a towering power pole, where the goanna is perched with the rabbit. The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow the catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute.
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, are now a couple, with the latter transitioning to become a woman at the age of 23. The pair, who now live in South Bank, Middlesbrough, grew up together as boys before losing touch as teenagers. They reunited at a party years later and are now planning their dream wedding. Mr Dodd said he was 'gobsmacked' by her beauty.
Loushanna Craig, 37, left stranded in Tenerife after thieves stole her passport ID during family holiday and Ryanair refused to let her fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant. Loushaanna and Shawn Craig from Erdington, Birmingham, had gone away to the island for a three-day break, marking her birthday and the couple's anniversary. But, despite having flown to the Caribbean island from East Midlands airport, Mrs Craig was marooned on the island after her biometric ID card was stolen.
Rory McIlroy gives Nick Faldo a squeeze as he prepares for the Masters. Sir Nick Faldo will now know for sure whether Rory McIldroy is bulking up too much after appearing to give the world No 1 a squeeze during Monday's practice round at Augusta National. The 25-year-old was on the cover of Men's Health magazine and admitted he was 'obsessed with the gym'.
Mystery Easter Bunny delivers chocolate eggs to every house in Dorset village. A mysterious Easter Bunny has delivered chocolate eggs in Alderholt, Dorset, to 3,000 people. Residents woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps.
Ricardo Moniz appointed as Notts County manager. Ricardo has six games to save his new side from relegation into Sky Bet League Two, with the Magpies currently one point from safety. The 50-year-old Dutchman will take charge on a three-year deal.
Dundee United boss Paul Hartley not reading too much into his side's recent slide. Dundee are without a win in three matches themselves, following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws against Aberdeen and Inverness. The Tannadice side have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions, drawing the other two.
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood vows to give pal Chris Ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries calling him ahead of Tuesday's crunch six-pointer. Rangers will leapfrog Sherwood's side and plunge them back into the drop zone if they win at Villa Park.
Graeme McDowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by Augusta National. But the former US Open champion is optimistic he can improve on his Masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury which forced him to withdraw from the Valero Texas Open last month.
Tiger Woods ready to compete for fifth Masters title after completing 11 holes of practice at Augusta National. Tiger Woods returned to action as he warmed up ahead of The Masters. The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf.
Ben Crenshaw to stand in for Arnold Palmer in par-three competition at the Masters. Ben crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the Masters by standing in for the injured Arnold Palmer. Palmer is unable to play alongside Gary Player and Jack Nicklaus in the curtain-raising event on Wednesday afternoon.
Tomas Berdych sets up rematch with Andy Murray with straight-sets win over Juan Monaco in Miami Open quarter-finals. Eighth seed Berdychi defeated Argentine Monaco 6-3, 6-4 to ensure a first meeting with Muray since their tense and at times acrimonious Australian Open semi-final which Murray won in four sets. Tomas Berdych celebrates after defeating Juan Monaco to reach the Miami Open quarters.
Roger Federer has been some enjoying some downtime in the snow and posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account. The 33-year-old provided the snap with a witty caption - 'tennice' - and was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports. Federer decided to skip the invariably warmer climates of the Miami Open this year as a matter of 'physical preservation' his agent Tony Godsick revealed.
Jockey Lewis Ferguson survives spectacular fall from Merrion Square. There was no special treatment for Lewis Ferguson at Paul Nicholls’ yard on Thursday morning. The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual, just a cut on the nose.
Exeter Chiefs 48-13 Newcastle Falcons. Exeter swept aside Newcastle Falcons to set up a semi-final showdown with Gloucester in the inaugural European Challenge Cup. The Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park.
Saracens chairman Nigel Wray dismisses salary cap rules as ‘a farce’. The rising costs facing the club are also a concern, with the wage bill leaping more than 50 per cent in three years. The club now owe £41.6m.
Liam Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory in the Test series against West Indies. The 29-year-old England seamer is back in Test contention after his comeback last summer was cut short by injury.
Jonathan Trott ready for international return. England have barely been in St Kitts a day but the early indications are they are ready to give Jonathan Trott the chance to reinvent himself as an international opener. Trott, England’s rock at No 3 for four years before his early return home from the 2013-14 Ashes series in Australia with a stress-related condition, was picked for this three-Test tour of the Caribbean after fighting his way back into contention.
Alastair Cook confident Jonathan Trott is ready for the pressure cooker of international cricket. England Test captain Alastair Cook feared Jonathan Trott's international career was over 18 months ago, but feels he is now ready to face the 'pressure cooker' once again. Trott dramatically left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match.
Martin Guptill has been recalled to the New Zealand Test squad for their upcoming two-match series against England next month. The 23-year-old, who smashed 237 against the West Indies in the recent World Cup has not represented the Black Caps at Test level since the 2013 tour of England.
Yorkshire's Barney Gibson retires from first-class cricket just four years after debut. Four years after becoming the youngest first class cricketer in county history, Barney Gibson has retired from the sport. The Leeds-born wicketkeeper entered the record books in 2011 when he lined up against Durham University.
Dr Steve Peters: I gave Jonathan Trott the tools to rebuild his England career. The renowned sports psychiatrist Dr Steve Peters claims he did little more than give Jonathan Trot the tools he needed to rebuild the England career. Trott touched down in the West Indies with England on Thursday night, back in the international set-up.
Kevin Pietersen has announced plans to begin his season with Surrey against Oxford MCCU in The Parks. Pietersen, hoping to press for an England recall through weight of runs in the LV= County Championship, signed a new contract with Surrey last month.
Moises Henriques signs deal to play in T20 Blast for Surrey. Surrey have signed Australia all-rounder Moise Henriques for this summer's NatWest Blast. Henriques will join immediately after the Indian Premier League season concludes at the end of next month and will be with them throughout their Blast campaign.
Louis Smith named in Great Britain squad for European Championships. Louis Smith will represent Great Britain for the first time since his double Olympic medal-winning performance at London 2012 after being named in the squad for the European Championships. Smith, who won pommel horse silver and team bronze at the London Games before pursuing a media career, competed for England at last year's Commonwealth Games.
World Endurance Championship to get rid of grid girls. The world endurance championship, whose annual highlight is the Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar classic, is getting rid of the grid girls. In a move that will be applauded by many, and is sure to dismay those accustomed to seeing scantily-clad beauties posing next to cars before a race.
John Higgins beats Judd Trump to reach China Open quarter-finals. John Higgins narrowly defeated Judd Trump 5-4 to move into the quarter finals of the China Open, where he will face home favourite and defending champion Ding Junhui. The veteran Scot recovered from losing the opening frame to move 4-2 ahead.
Leicester City vs West Ham United: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need for Leicester's home clash with West Ham.
Jonas Gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the Newcastle side, coming in for his first start in 20 months. The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month. But, in fairness to the 31-year-old, he was Newcastle’s best player - not that he had much competition.
West Bromwich Albion vs Queens Park Rangers: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news and provisional squads. Here is all the information you need.
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for Europe through Fair Play. It may be an unorthodox way of achieving European qualification, but West Ham manager Sam Allardyce would welcome doing so through UEFA's Respect and Fair Play rankings. The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall reveals Lee McCulloch apologises to team-mates after being sent off against Hearts. Staurt McCall has revealed that Rangers captain Lee McCall apologised to him and the Rangers players after he was sent off in the 2-1 win over runaway Scottish Championship winners Hearts at Ibrox. McCulloch was shown a straight red card by referee Bobby Madden for fouling striker Osman Sow.
David Templeton: I need to get back playing the way I was before I signed for Rangers. If selected on Sunday, he will form part of a Rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding Championship success of his former club. There will be no envy as he applauds Hearts on to the Ibrox pitch.
Isco or Rodriguez favourite for Real Madrid starting line-up?. For the first time since November midfield quartet Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available alongside famed 'BBC' triumvirate of Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Real Madrid 9-1 Granada: Live updates from the Bernabeu. So that's it from the Sportsmail live coverage of Real Madrid versus Granada. Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo (five, yes, five), Karim Benzema (two), Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure a huge win.
Lyon Lyon move back to the top of Ligue 1 after 3-1 win at Guingamp. Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday in a key match for Champions League places. Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for Roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by Napoli.
Bayern Munich v Borussia Dortmund: It is still Der Klassiker - but not quite as we know it. There is something unsettling about Bayern and Borussia being separated by nine Bundesliga places and a whopping 31 points. It just doesn't seem right.
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow: Fans fight leading to match being stopped for seven minutes. Fighting between rival fans forced a Russian Premier League match to be stopped for 7 minutes on Sunday. Watch video footage of the incident.
Manchester United vs Aston Villa: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need for Manchester United's home clash with Aston Villa.
David Meyler confident Hull will stay in the Premier League despite poor form. Steve Bruce's side are in 15th place, three points off the relegation zone, but have a tough run-in with five of their last eight matches against clubs in the top seven of the league. Hull are currently just three points above Burnley.
Premier League team news, odds and stats. Ahead of another weekend in the Barclays Premier League, Sportsmail brings you the latest squad news and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. Simply click on your team in the fixture list below.
Premier League table after international break: Who has been the best at managing this transition?. Premier League sides have already had to resume their season after international breaks in September, October and November 2014.
Kolo Toure warns Raheem Sterling that leaving Liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club, similar to the way that Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair did at Manchester City. Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week, giving an interview confirming that he has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract and admitting he is 'quite flattered' by interest from Arsenal. Chelsea and Manchester City are also keen on English football's hottest property.
Champions Cup. It is eight long, barren years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby and the bookmakers aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year.
Raheem Sterling’s interview didn’t go down well at all. It was ill-timed and, regardless of what Sterling and his agent hoped, he didn't come across very well. Some of his answers only fuelled the fire really.
Wales' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12.
Mark Hughes has insisted he will have significant money to spend this summer if required – and told Asmir Begovic he can fulfil his ambitions at Stoke City. The Stoke manager has kept the club's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in May 2013.
RaRaheem Sterling gave a revealing insight into his future on Wednesday, insisting he was not a money-grabbing 20-year-old. The England winger instead pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers, focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being.
RaRaheem Sterling edged closer towards an exit from Liverpool on Wednesday night after admitting in a TV interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at Anfield. Sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay on Merseyside and revealed in a BBC interview on Wednesday that he would have signed a lot less a year ago.
Arsene Wenger reveals how he picks his Arsenal team. Arsene has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match - and agonises over the selection all week. The Arsenal manager, who has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996, has lifted the lid on his pre-match rituals.
Raheem Sterling turns down new deal with Liverpool and puts off contract talks until the summer. The 20-year-old scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night. He is still just 20, but much has changed.
Brendan Rodgers: Raheem Sterling will not be going anywhere this summer and that focus for the moment is purely on his football. Brendan Rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on Friday afternoon, previewing the showdown with Arsenal on Saturday and discussing the future of Liverpool's star man. The young England star has moved a step closer to an Anfield exit after revealing he is not ready to sign a new contract at Anfield.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 to notch a second straight Copa America warm-up victory without Lionel Messi at a freezing MetLife stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday. Gerardo Martino's Argentina, with captain Messi looking on again while he nurses a right foot injury, had beaten El Salvador 2-0 in Washington on Saturday.
Bo Bojan Krkic picks his Premier League team of the season. A serious knee injury may have cruelly ended Bojan's season in January but it hasn't stopped the Stoke striker keeping up-to-date with the Premier League.
Footballer dies after being tackled and slammed into clubhouse wall. Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing a home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol on Saturday when he slipped on the wet ground following the tackle and crashed into the building.
Former South Africa striker dies in car crash. Richard Henyekane, a former South Africa forward, was killed in a car crash early Tuesday, his club and the country's Premier Soccer League have confirmed. Henyeekane's club, Free State Stars, said the 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash.
Danny Lennon's interim appointment as Scotland Under 21 coach officially ended as reports claim he will be named as Alloa Athletic boss on Tuesday. The former St Mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the Scottish Championship side until the summer of 2016.
Lud Ludogorets star Cosmin Moti is guilty of producing one of the worst tackles you're likely to see this season after his kung-fu style tackle on a CSKA Sofia player - but unbelievably the referee waved play on. It was a kick Eric Cantona would have been proud of, as he connected cleanly with Stefan Nikolic's rib-cage and sending his opponent crashing to the floor.
Raheem Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season, insists Brendan Rodgers. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers accepts Champions League football is unlikely to return to Anfield next season but insisted once again that contract rebel Sterling will do. This has been an uncomfortable week on Merseyside after the England forward's ill-advised interview.
Brian O'Driscoll's wife Amy Huberman catches him crowd surfing at Hong Kong party. To make matters worse the Irish rugby legend's wife caught wind of the picture on social media, with hilarious consequences. Brian O&#8217;driscoll won&#8221;t be thanking whoever snapped him rowd surfing at a party in Hong Kong any time soon after the picture went viral.
Darren Bent has revealed an Aston Villa return this summer could be on the cards and discussions have taken place. The former England striker, on loan at Derby County, also said Villa were ‘100 per cent’ correct to sack Paul Lambert.
Greg Dyke handed backing from five former England managers. Football Association chairman Greg Dykes has been handed the backing of five former English managers as he bids to push through radical changes. Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the mysterious Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. The two biggest names at the Masters this week have gone to the same Augusta club member to help them realise their dreams.
JB Holmes takes Houston Open title after Johnson Wagner's putt goes in. J B Holmes took victory in a play-off at the Shell Houston Open when Johnson Wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out. Holmes, who started the day six shots off the lead but ripped through the first half of the course to make the turn in 29.
Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders and remains in with a chance of making the Masters. Surrey-born Kelvin Day has only played a handful of.
Tiger Woods back at the Masters next week. As if the news that Tiger Woods will be back next week was not encouraging enough for American golf, the sight of a resurgent Phil Mickelson at the Shell Houston Open provided added lustre. The gifted leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit one shot behind leader Andrew Putnam.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979. Willett swapped the simulator for the real thing before heading to Texas to play in the Shell Houston Open.
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award which lets fans vote for the league's most outstanding players. Working together with League Weekly and the fans, one player will be recognised each month.
Michael Carrick on course to become England's longest-serving outfield player. Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001 as a teenager with West Ham United and if – as now seems likely – he carries through to Euro 2016 he will be the first non-goalkeeper since Sir Stanley Matthews to have an international career spanning more than 15 years. The 33-year-old may still have a few years left but remains a long way off Sir Stanley's record.
SteveSteve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a Barbados beach were publicised. The Hull manager says he was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles. Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim, who has only been identified as D.B.
Tottenham want talks with FA over Harry Kane’s involvement in U21s. Mauricio Pochettino wants talks with the FA before approving Harry Kane's involvement in the forthcoming European Under 21 Championship. Sportsmail understands Tottenham have major concerns about the striker playing in the summer — and will convey those views to Wembley chiefs.
The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes. Barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them. But a quick refresher course is all they're allowed.
Dog left in critical condition after being repeatedly stabbed in a violent attack is on the road to recovery. The sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, North Dakota. The animal, who has been named Wilford by his rescuers, needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade.
Theo Walcott struggled for England and Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned by the winger's confidence. Walcott was replaced by Ross Barkley after just 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw against Italy on Tuesday.
Sir Sir Alex Ferguson admits he had to change his everyday habits as he got older to continue managing Manchester United. The Scot was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71.
Chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for English football’s hottest property Raheem Sterling. Chelsea have made discreet overtures about Sterling, despite Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insisting on Thursday that his 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer.
Raheem Sterling: Liverpool shouldn't have to work hard to keep him. Those who achieve greatness are high achievers from an early stage. They know this better than most at Anfield. Take Michael Owen.
Young Irish rugby star Adam McBurney escapes serious injury after gunman fires multiple bullets through his windows in Cromkill, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property, after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls. Adam, who has been capped for the Ireland Under-20s and recently played in their Six Nations campaign, was not at home when it was targeted on Easter Sunday. He is said to have returned to the house following the attack but is yet to speak about the incident.
A camel roasted in a giant oven. Most street festivals are happy to throw a few cuts of meat on a barbecue, or perhaps even have a hog roast. In one corner of China, however, a full camel is the order of the day. The 450kg (990lb) beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade before it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln.
Sam Tomkins: 'I'm open to other places'. Homesick Tomkins insists it is not a foregone conclusion that he will return to Wigan when he cuts short his New Zealand Warriors stay at the end of the season. The 26-year-old England full-back is interesting his former club, where his brother Joel plays.
PSG news: David Luiz out for four weeks with hamstring injury. French giants Paris Saint-Germain have been dealt a major blow with the news that David Luitz will miss the Champions League clash with Barcelona. The former Chelsea man pulled up clutching his hamstring.
Clattenburg named for Manchester derby despite sending off three Man Utd players. Referee Mark Clattenberg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday, despite having sent off three players from United and City this season. City captain Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences.
Lisa Oldfield, 40, decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew an unflattering portrait of her. The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way.
Neil Phillips, the team doctor for England's victorious 1966 World Cup campaign, has died at the age of 83. Manager Sir Alf Ramsey promoted Phillips from his role as Under-23 team doctor just before the '66 World Cup as seniors doctor Alan Bass had run out of holiday.
Smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, at 1.7 per household, followed by laptops (1.3) and tablets(1.2), the YouGov poll of more than 2,000 consumers foundFour in 10 households now own one tablet, one fifth have two, and 11 per cent own three or moreThe latest Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) UK Digital Adspend report, conducted by PwC, found digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion. The average household now owns 7.4 internet devices and four in 10 bought a tablet in the last year.
Three metre python bit off more than it could chew when it tried to swallow a much-loved family pet. Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on Sunday while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat Tiger, who had been missing for three days. After noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in Clifton Beach, northern Queensland, Bakvis found a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline.
Juan Mata: Manchester United must take every game as a 'final'. After Manchester United eased past Aston Villa to make it five Premier League wins on the bounce, Juan Mata admitted his side still have work to do. The Spaniard has found his best form at a crucial part of the season.
23-month-old girl killed after father didn't see her in driveway. A 23-year-old Las Vegas girl died after her father struck her with a pickup truck just days before her second birthday. Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday.
West Virginia man sings to his uncle who has Down syndrome. Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline. The video of the two of them playing music together has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy, but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos 'I've gotten bullied because of it and I get people all the time, staring and so it's definitely made things difficult in my life,' Dayna told Daily Mail Online. 'I might do things a little bit differently than most people, but that doesn't mean that I should be treated differently.'
Manchester derby: Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero battle it out in a cage style match. Build up for Sunday’s Manchester derby has officially started with South American duo Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero featuring in a promo video for sponsors Puma. In the aptly-named 'Head to Head,' production, Manchester United forward Falcão and his Manchester City counterpart Aguero do just that as they battle it.
Lydia Kelm, 23, arrested for driving under the influence after she allegedly caused a scene at a McDonald's drive-through while wearing nothing but a bra and panties, police say. A Florida woman has been arrested for driving under the influence after she allegedly caused a scene at a McDonald's drive-through in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday. Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday. Police say the woman
St Bernard dog drags his owner out for a walk. Dashcam footage shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking, shows a giant St. Bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind. It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy being pulled along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
NYPD released the video Tuesday, along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her The woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness
Air passengers face up to three days of disruption, with British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among the airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights. Passengers travelling on the Channel Tunnel or on cross-Channel ferries are likely to see the worst of the disruption. And those travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues as exit checks are introduced at Britain’s ports.
Colin Graves has created a soap opera that will run and run now. Frustration was clear in the voices of Peter Moores and Alastair Cook as they fended off repeated enquiries about Kevin Pietersen's future more than a year after he had seemingly been banished from international cricket for good. Well, there is only one person to blame — and that is Colin Graves.
'spontaneous' knife attack which killed a young man outside a pizza store in the early hours of Easter Monday could have been related to an earlier incident, police say. Greg Gibbins, 28, went into cardiac arrest after he was seriously stabbed but later died in hospital on Monday.
FIFA presidential candidate Luis Figo disputes Blatter's claim that all 54 votes from Africa will go to him. Figo, in Egypt at the CAF Congress to canvass for votes, told Sportsmail that he did not believe all Africa was solidly behind Blatter, who seeks re-election on May 29 against Figo. Figo said: 'I feel there's a lot of respect for CAF among all the African federations but I'm positive that Mr (Issa) Hayatou did not speak in the name of the 54 members of the confederation'.
Real Madrid vs Rayo Vallecano preview: Cristiano Ronaldo 'arrives unleashed after his exhibition against Granada'. All eyes will be on Ronaldo when Real Madrid visit Rayo Valllecano in La Liga on Wednesday. The 30-year-old hit five in Real's thumping 9-1 win at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far.
Aston Villa 2-2 Queens Park Rangers: Christian Benteke rescues point from drop zone. Tim Sherwood’s team were set to drop into the bottom three when Charlie Austin scored his 17th Premier League goal of the season 12 minutes from the end, before Bentekes intervention five minutes later. The point lifts QPR above Burnley to 18th on goal difference, while Villa move above Hull to 16th.
Phil Jones has demanded that Manchester United reproduce their recent level of performances ahead of Sunday's derby against Manchester City. United host their 'noisy neighbours' at Old Trafford sitting third in the table - one point and place above their bitter rivals with seven games remaining.
Vincent Kompany believes that a win against rivals Manchester United will help rectify their season. Manuel Pellegrini's side were given a torrid time by Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Rory McIlroy backs Bradley Neil to turn professional. Scotland's Bradley Neil has received the backing of world No 1 Rory McIlroy as he ponders when to turn pro. Winning the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year secured Neil invites to the Masters and US Open in 2015, with the Walker Cup another important date on the calendar. The 19-year-old Scot admits he may turn professional before September's clash with the United States at Royal Lytham.
Rory McIlroy admits Thursday cannot come soon enough as he bids to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters. The world No 1 is anxious to let his clubs do the talking.
Isner beats Nishikori to reach Miami Open semifinals. John Isner reached the semifinals of the Miami Open after easily beating fourth-seeded Kei Nishikoi of Japan 6-4, 6-3 on Thursday. The 6-foot-10, hard-serving Isner is the first American man to make the semifinals in Miami since 2011.
Andy Andy Murray will have to cope with seeing two of his former team in the opposite corner in Miami. Tomas Berdych is his opponent in the semi-final of the Miami Open, the man Murray met at the same stage of the Australian Open in January.
Carla Suarez Navarro advances to Miami Open final, beats Andrea Petkovic in semi-final. The 12th-seed didn't face a single break point and will meet either top seed Serena Williams or third seed Simona Halep in Saturday's final. It's the eighth time that she has reached a WTA final. She's looking for her second title.
Amateur Amateur jockey Lee Lewis Ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal. The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual.
Jonjo O'Neill hopes jockey AP McCoy rides Shutthefrontdoor to Grand National success later this month. Jonjo O'Neill hosted a media stable visit on Thursday at his Jackdaws Castle yard in Gloucestershire and said he could not be happier with favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National, Shut thefrontdoor. McCoy has not decided yet whether he is riding the £1million race at Aintree, but everything points to him doing so.
Marcel Marcelo Bosch kicks Saracens into the semi-finals of the Champions Cup in dramatic scenes in north Paris. Bosch, striking the ball into a strong wind, landed a 55-metre penalty in the final act of the last eight showdown against Racing Metro.
Marcel Marcelo Bosch kicks Saracens through to the Champions Cup semi-finals with a last-minute penalty. The mighty boot of Bosch kept the English flag flying in Europe.
Sussex head coach Mark Robinson has warned that wicketkeeper Matt Prior remains 'pretty much out indefinitely' as his recovery from an Achilles injury continues. Prior, 33, was badly affected by the problem last summer, eventually losing his England place to Jos Buttler, and has not played since July.
Ryuichi Kiyonari takes pole at Donington Park. Ryuichi bettered the donington Park lap record to take put his Buildbase BMW on to pole start for the Easter Monday opening round of the MCE British Superbike Championship. The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds.
Mark Selby demolishes Gary Wilson in China Open final to claim sixth ranking title and £85,000 prize money. World No 1 Selby demolished Gary Wilson 10-2 in the final of the Baic Motor China Open on Sunday. The Leicester cueman dominated the the best-of-19 showpiece.
Wisconsin ends Kentucky's unbeaten season with 71-64 win over Kentucky. Wisconsin ended Kentucky's bid to become the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years, beating the Wildcats behind 20 points and 11 rebounds from Frank Kaminsky. The Badgers will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State in the earlier semi-final, at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on Monday night. Kentucky's last, best chance came while trailing by three with 12 seconds left. But Karl-Anthony Towns received the ball in the post and got fouled.
Tom Daley's 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold at the 2016 Rio de Janiero Games. Officially it's known as a 'forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike' but unofficially it’s the ‘firework’ and Daley hopes it's the dive that turns London bronze into Rio gold. Daley spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages from different heights.
Memphis Grizzlies move into second seed with win over Oklahoma City Thunder. Memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division on Friday, with the Grizzlies defence shutting down Thunder star Russell Westbrook. The Grizzlies moved level with Houston atop the Southwest Division.
HarryHarry Kane was captain for Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor. Tottenham striker Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days.
Bafetimbi Gomis scores twice to give Swansea 2-0 win over Hull. Belly flop to belly up? It’s fair to say Steve Bruce has had better weeks than this one.
Esteban Cambiasso: Keeping Leicester City up will feel like winning a trophy. The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table, with only eight games remaining. But the Argentinian midfielder refuses to give up.
Daryl Janmaat: Newcastle United got exactly what they deserved from Sunderland - nothing. Defender Daryl JANMAAT has admitted Newcastle United's performance in their Tyne-Wear derby against Sunderland wasn't good enough. The 25-year-old Holland full-back played the full 90 minutes of Sunday's 1-0 Barclays Premier League defeat.
Southampton striker Graziano Pelle insists his confidence hasn't been destroyed despite no scoring in the Premier League since December 20. The 29-year-old, who netted against England for Italy in the 1-1 international friendly on Tuesday, is now hoping to return to the form that saw him plunder eight goals in his first 17 league games.
Stuart McCall: I was warned not to take Rangers job by Walter Smith but I took the risk in the end. Rangers boss McCall has revealed he was warned about taking over at Ibrox by former boss Walter Smith - but insists he has made the right decision. The former Light Blues midfielder steered his new side to their third victory on the bounce with Sunday's 2-1 win over Hearts.
Joe Hart boots signed by Manchester City and England goalkeeper Joe Hart. Sportsmail have teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots autographed by the England and Manchester City goalkeeper. The lucky prize winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam.
Danny Higginbotham describes Roy Keane's 'bizarre' team talk. Former Sunderland defender has described a controversial speech made by Roy Keane which he calls 'one of the most bizarre team talks I've ever experienced'..
Vincent Duport ruled out for rest of season with shoulder injury. Catalans Dragons have suffered a blow after winger Vincent duport was ruled out of the rest of the season with a shoulder injury. The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20.
Pep Guardiola believes he has one of the world's best central defenders in Jerome Boateng as he faces up to an injury crisis ahead of Wednesday's German Cup quarter-final. Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the last eight.
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years. The shocking stat is revealed as City's title hopes lay in tatters following Monday night's 2-1 defeat.
Tiger is pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice at Augusta National Golf Club ahead of The Masters 2015. He was also joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend Lindsey Vonn.
Derek Lawrenson's daily updates from behind the scenes at the Masters. Ahead of golf’s first major of the year, where all talk is of whether Rory McIlroy can complete a career grand slam or how Tiger Woods’ latest comeback will fare, Sportsmail's Derek Lawreson will bring you the latest from the Augusta National grounds. Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament.
Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy, Bubba Watson, Phil Mickelson, Dustin Johnson, Jim Furyk and others in line for Masters. The 79th Masters gets underway on Thursday and the focus will be on Tiger Woods as the Northern Irishman bids to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam. Tiger Woods returns to action when the year's first major gets under way at Augusta National.
Per Mertesacker says Arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' after some heavy defeats last season. The German thinks confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality and it has helped Arsenal since. Arsenal have been beaten 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season as they slipped from the top of the summit to a battle for the Champions League places.
Amir Amir Khan to fight Chris Algieri on May 30. The Bolton fighter had earlier this week come under increasing pressure to take on British rival and IBF welterweight champion Kell Brook in June.
Amir Amir Khan has gone face to face with Adrien Broner ahead of a possible summer fight against the former lightweight world champion. Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently, with British rival Kell Brook set to feature on his agenda.
Floyd Mayweather Snr has ducked the verbal jabs aimed at him from Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach, insisting that 'he can say what he wants'. Roach has blasted the elder Mayweather and insisted that the Money Man would be far better off preparing for the May showdown with his uncle Roger.
Justin Rose: 'I feel like I’m going in the right direction again'. Down Augusta way they say the azaleas are in full bloom, which is more than can be said for England's Justin Rose. A bruising Florida swing last month saw the Englishman fall outside the world's top 10. For a player who has been virtually a fixture in the top five for the last three years.
Lydia Ko ties Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record with 29th consecutive round under par. Lydia Ko tied Annika Sorenstadam's record of 29 consecutive rounds under par, shooting a 1-under 71 at the ANA Inspiration. The 17-year-old Ko saved par on the par-4 seventh - her 16th hole - after hitting an approach shot through a gap in the trees.
Rory McIlroy believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the Masters at some point to complete the career grand slam. The world number one has revealed how his final-round collapse at Augusta National in 2011 was the most important day of his career.
Jason Dufner's marriage has landed in the rough as he agreed a divorce settlement from wife Amanda at the end of last month. The pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31. According to the divorce settlement, filed on March 16 by Amanda, there had been an 'irretrievable breakdown of the marriage' and there was 'a complete incompatibility of temperament that the parties can no longer live together.'
Lionel Messi recovers from foot injury. Lionel Messi has recovered from his injured foot and should be fit to start Sunday's La Liga match with Celta Vigo.
Crystal Palace are convinced Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zaha’s mistakes and not jump into a dream move too soon. The electrifying winger has dazzled for the Eagles since Alan Pardew took over the club in January.
Which player is the second-highest scorer in the country this season?. Quiz question.
Cardiff 1-1 Reading. FA Cup semi-finalists Reading still have lingering relegation worries in the Championship after they threw away a 1-0 lead against Cardiff at the Madejski Stadium. Reading took the lead with only four minutes gone.
Erik Compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week. He'll tee off this week at the Masters on his third. The 35-year-old veteran would rather be known for his golf than what he's had to overcome to earn a spot.
Neymar: PSG vs Barca will be a real spectacle. Barcelona star Neymar feels his team's Champions League tie with Paris Saint-Germain will prove a real footballing'spectacle'..
Robbie Fowler: Liverpool must focus on getting themselves into FA Cup semi-finals rather than Steven Gerrard. Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy and the skipper is hoping to bow out in style by leading Brendan Rodgers' side to the final at Wembley. But ahead of Wednesday night's quarter-final replay with Blackburn, Fowler has warned Gerrard's team-mates not to concentrate on providing the 34-year-old with a fairytale ending.
Blackburn Rovers' Tom Cairney feels sympathy for Liverpool's Raheem Sterling as he prepares to face Liverpool in FA Cup replay. Blackburn are in familiar territory facing an FA Cup rematch against one of the country's best, only this time it's Liverpool and not Manchester City. Last season, the Championship side held eventual Premier League champions City to a draw, but were thrashed 5-0 in the return.
Blackburn Rovers boss Gary Bowyer has challenged star striker Jordan Rhodes to become an FA Cup hero as the Championship underdogs face Liverpool in the first full house at Ewood Park since 2011. Rovers rejected a £12million bid from Hull City for Scotland international Rhodes at the start of the season — a decision that will be vindicated should the 17-goal striker score the winner in Wednesday night's sixth-round replay and take his side to Wembley.
Ligue 1: Monaco held to goalless draw by Montpellier. Fourth-place Monaco missed the chance to close the gap in the French title race after drawing 0-0 at home to Montpellier on Tuesday. A win would have moved Monaco level on points with third-place Marseille.
Stuart McCall on Sunday night admitted the finest performance of his short Ibrox reign left him with ‘goosebumps’ and a growing belief that he can steer revitalised Rangers up to the Premiership. On a day which ended with Lee McCulloch publicly apologising for a reckless red card, first-half goals from Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic were enough to ensure the captain's 44th-minute folly did not prevent Rangers securing an important three points against Championship title winners Hearts.
Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday's game against Burnley after being hurt in a collision with team-mate Kyle Walker. Michel Vorm will deputise for the match at Turf Moor.
Andros Townsend: 'I was just desperate to get that tweet out. I’m eagerly awaiting his response. I haven’t seen it yet'. ‘That tweet has been going over in my head.
London Broncos set to give debut to Leeds teenager Elliot Minchella. London Broncos are set to make their debut for Leeds teenager Elliott Minchea, who has joined them on loan to the end of the season. The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances.
Mike Brown admits he is unsure when he will return to action for Harlequins. Mike Brown admitted he would adopt a 'cautious' approach in recovering from his latest concussion setback. The England full-back is determined not to suffer an extended break.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at Crystal Palace to avoid losing yet more ground to their rivals. Fading champions City had to watch in frustration on Saturday, not only as Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Barclays Premier League, but as Arsenal and Manchester United shunted them down to fourth.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list as they put in man-of-the-match performances that helped their teams win, but who else made the XI?.
Cancer-stricken basketball player Lauren Hill is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $1.5million. Lauren, 19, uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at Children's Hospital in Cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor. She has expressed her desire to help others there as she continues to fight her disease.
Playing video games makes you better at learning than non-gamers, study claims. The research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island. To conduct the study, the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever.
Liverpool's Joe Allen: 'Maybe the rivalry can sometimes get in the way'. Almost two weeks on from Liverpool's wretched afternoon against Manchester United at Anfield, it would appear that lessons have already been learned. Asked about a setback that may yet cost Brendan Rodgers and his players a place in next season's Champions League, the club's midfielder Joe Allen was rueful.
Could the ultimate symbol of wealth be clothes made from gold? Chinese models strutted their stuff in gold underwear. On a catwalk show which took place in Xi'an, the capital city of north-western China's Shaanxi province, models wore items made from the precious metal. Including underwear and a chain-mail style shirt which is said to be worth around £40,000.
Jack Johnson was black — and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize. Racism was rife in America: black people were not supposed to rule over whites.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after the striker's new agent suggested he could leave Everton as soon as this summer. Mino Raiola, who has brokered big-money deals for Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Mario Balotelli, said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku's £28million move to Goodison Park.
Eagle shows off its footwork after gate-crashing a football team’s training session and enjoying a solo kick-about. Filmed in North Vancouver, the bird - which appears to be a golden eagle, despite some speculation that it is a young bald - is captured standing over a football during its try-out before giving it a slight peck with its beak. After standing and shaking its head, the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot.
Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar. The university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21.
Adam Lyth: The story of Yorkshire’s rising star. First impressions are not necessarily the best. When Adam Lyth scratched around for 22 in a Championship match against Nottinghamshire in 2008, Graeme Swann branded him a ‘walking wicket’. ‘But then,’ Swann added.
Rickie Fowler defends girlfriend after online hater accuses her of being a 'gold digger'. PGA Tour star Rickie Fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend Alexis Randock, left, and sister Nicole on the beach last week. The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. Fowler came to his girlfriend's defense and responded to the troll that he'might want to get your facts straight before you
Manchester City 2-1 Crystal Palace: Sami Mokbel takes us through the key moments. Manchester City's hopes of retaining the Premier League title were dealt another blow as Manuel Pellegrini's men limped to a defeat at Crystal Palace. Glenn Murray fired the Eagles ahead on 34 minutes with a close-range effort.
Crystal Palace midfielder Jason Puncheon appeared to be struck by an object during his side's 2-1 over Manchester City. The 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling Manchester City fans when he was hit by the flying object.
European Rugby Champions Cup: A run-down of each of the sides left in the competition. As eight teams prepare to battle it out for a place in the semi-finals of this season's Champions Cup, Sportsmail's Nik Simon gives us a run down of each side left in this year's competition. Here is a look at the teams left in action.
Mes Mesut Ozil has avoided a fine after being spotted in a nightclub just hours after missing Arsenal's Premier League clash with Newcastle last month. Ozil explained to Wenger that he had attended a friend's birthday and was only in the club for 30 minutes.
Keith Curle is one of only four managers in the country’s top 92 clubs who has played for England. The drain of leading English players to television rather than management was the key finding of a Sportsmail study.
HarryHarry Kane will play for England's Under 21 team in this summer's European Championships after holding talks with Gareth Southgate. England's head coach Roy Hodgson has confirmed that Kane, 21, will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham's post-season trip to Malaysia.
Andros Townsend hails Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with and predicted a bright international career for his Tottenham Hotspur team-mate. Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania, scoring after only 79 seconds, and started last night's friendly against Italy in Turin when Townsend scored in a 1-1 draw. Townsend said: 'I've known Harry for the last four, five or six years, I've grown up in the youth team with him and he is a fantastic talent and a player who, if you give him a chance, he is always going to
Alexis Sanchez: 'He's never looked as strong as he does now'. For any players who have featured for 90 minutes in a match under Pasquale Marino, the next day at training is dedicated to'scarico' — recovery. Try telling that to Alexis Sanchez. Marino was the manager who brought Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008 after he had been signed from Chilean club side Cobreloa two years earlier.
Rom Romelu Lukaku joins Mino Raiola as his new agent. Everton manager Roberto Martinez insists he is not concerned that Lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent Raiola.
Michael Duff ready to put out the Tottenham fire. At the age of 37, and getting on for eight years after he was told that his career was over, Michael Duff probably hadn’t expected to be chasing the bright young hope of English football around Turf Moor this weekend. Harry Kane couldn't be hotter right now and veteran Burnley defender Duff will need all his experience.
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer following the successful experiment last year. Gareth Southgate’s squad finished fourth last May and the nucleus of that group will be involved in the European Under 21 Championships this June.
Raheem Sterling is going nowhere. As Brendan Rodgers sat down to have his say on Thursday, it was easy to forget that Liverpool have a critical game against their top-four rivals Arsenal on Saturday. Instead, there was only one issue on the agenda.
Man shoots himself dead at Universal Studios in Hollywood, California. The man, who has not been named, turned a gun on himself at the amusement park around 2:15pm Friday afternoon, not far from visiting children and families. He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride at the time.
John Carver relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club against Sunderland. Carver knows only too well that a Tyne-Wear derby can make or break a manager. His first in the dugout was as assistant to Ruud Gullit in August, 1999.
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United can still win the Barclays Premier League, even though his side sit eight points behind leaders Chelsea having played a game more going into the run-in. Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini has become almost undroppable, given his performances in United's recent run of form.
Lexi Thompson topless on cover of Golf Digest. The LPGA player, who has career earnings of almost $3million, will appear on the front of the May edition of the magazine - using only a towel to cover her torso. It is the first time a pro-golfer has appeared on a 'Fitness and Power' issue cover.
Real Madrid ready to wait until next summer to sign David De Gea. Real Madrid are desperate to land Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea, according to reports in Spain. However, the Spanish paper claims Real are only prepared to pay for the keeper if United 'fix a reasonable price'.
Southampton's Ryan Bertrand poses with his daughter and their matching Ferraris on Instagram. The 25-year-old Southampton left back took to Instagram to upload a snap of himself and his daughter in their matching cars - admittedly, however, one of them probably isn't road legal.
Sunderland Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat insists he will not underestimate the significance of the Wear-Tyne Derby. The 67-year-old takes charge of Sunderland for the first time.
Frank Lampard reveals he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out and be fully respected by the public. The on-loan Manchester City star spoke of his support and feels that football in evolving for the better.
Danny Cipriani jets off to Dubai for a short break. After helping Sale Sharks to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester last Saturday, the fly-half has taken advantage of a rare free weekend from rugby by jetting off to the United Arab Emirates for a holiday. Ciprieani contributed 13 points from the boot in a fine display against the Cherry and Whites and with Sale out of contention in Europe, the 26-year-old and his team-mates have the weekend off to recharge ahead of a crucial final four rounds of Aviva Premiership action.
Ryan Taylor: 'I'm not going to let it go the way of the last four - that cannot carry on'. A supporter waits the best part of an hour for five seconds with Ryan Taylor. There is a quick picture and good-luck message ahead of Sunday's Tyne-Wear derby.
Richard Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean. The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969, six months into his presidency.
Ratinho's new hairdo is a football!. Questionable hairstyles are not a new phenomenon in modern day football, but Brazilian player Ratinho has taken ridiculous barnets to a whole new level with his latest effort. The Remo midfielder sported his new hairdo during his side's Brazilian Cup clash with Atletico PR on Thursday night.
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott: The merits of the two English wingers. They are at starkly different places in their careers with 26-year-old Walcott perhaps acting as a cautionary tale for Sterling, 20. That early promise can sometimes give way to unfulfilled potential.
Louis van Gaal set to discuss Manchester United with Sir Alex Ferguson soon. Sometime in the next few weeks, Louis Van Gaal has a lunch appointment with Sir  Alex Ferguson. The current Manchester United manager hopes to have some genuine and tangible progress to talk about. Ferguson, it must be said, has waited a long time for such news.
Neymar and Dani Alves support Barcelona's sister Rafaella as they watch El Clasico. Neymar helped Brazil beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday in a feisty contest and had to withstand several brutal challenges from the South American rivals. Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their bitter rivals, just by points difference. Neymar, Brazil's captain, led his national side to a 1.0 win over Chile at the Arsenal Stadium last weekend.
Anthony Joshua: 'Hunger and determination will more than make up for Jason Gavern's experience'. Joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015, after he was forced to pull out of a January fight against Kevin Johnson due to a stress fracture in his back. The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger happy Alexis Sanchez chose Arsenal over Liverpool. Arsenal manager Wenger does not know the exact reason Alexis Sanchez decided to join the north London club. 'At the end of the day, only Sanchez can explain to you why he has chosen us.'
Arsenal players target defender Laurent Koscielny (centre) with a friendly slap during training on Friday at London Colney. Arsenal's Chilean forward Alexis Sanchez is all smiles in training as the Gunners gear up to take on Liverpool at the Emirates.
Courtney Lawes ready to go big-game hunting again. Northampton’s maligned hit man is primed to go Big-Game hunting again with no intention of toning down his use of legitimate force in the wake of renewed criticism. Courtney Lawles arrived in France with the Saints, ahead of the Champions Cup quarter-final against mighty Clermont Auvergne.
Sir Alex Ferguson backs Neymar to challenge for world's best player title. As the man who brought through the likes of Ryan Giggs, David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo, Ferguson knows a thing or two about producing world-class talent. And the former Manchester United boss has tipped Barcelona's Brazilian star Neymar.
Juan Mata reveals Wayne Rooney tells him England can win Euro 2016. Juan Mata has revealed that Wayne Rooney believes England can beat France at Euro 2016 - and he tells him so every day. In an interview with Football Focus, Manchester United's player of the month for March lifted the lid on England captain Rooney's bullish attitude.
An inmate at an Arizona jail left one officer hospitalized with brain bleeding and broken bones in his face after a psychiatric ward assault. The 18-year-old, who was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago, is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers. Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio said that the two jail employees began telling the young man to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them.
Man buys wife for his son, then sells her to another family after realising she is infertile. The man, known only as Xu, even tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time. Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of Lianyungang city in eastern China, according to People's Daily Online.
Simba the cat freed after 27 days trapped under bath tub. Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany, after a neighbour heard scratching in her newly refitted bathroom. Owners Helga and Eberhard Henkel had lost their pet in early March.
Dog eats ice cream in one bite. It's said eating slowly helps bring the taste and texture of food to the foreground. But Cooper the Labrador certainly doesn't care about being a culinary connoisseur, as a new video shows.
Spring-breaker freaks out and begs for help as manatee floats past her in Florida. The swimmer was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant sea cow floated past just inches away. Footage, taken with the help of a selfie-stick, starts by showing the girl treads water desperately looking around for the plant-eating creature.
Spain manager Vicente del Bosque was flabbergasted as to how his star-studded side failed to find the back of the net despite taking 'command' of their friendly defeat by Holland on Tuesday night. Despite the visitors dominating significant periods of the match, it was goals to Holland's Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen that proved decisive at the Amsterdam ArenA.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille if he had followed in the footsteps of Eric Cantona, says Jose Anigo. The Paris Saint-Germain forward has been compared with Cantona for the second time in the space of a few days following Peter Schmeichel's comments regarding the 33-year-old. Anigo urged Manchester United to make a summer move for Ibrahimovic as he believes the Sweden international has the 'personality' required to become an Old Trafford great.
Who are Cape Verde and why has this tiny island off the west coast of Africa suddenly become an international football force?.
Radamel Falcao unperturbed by Manchester United rumours. Despite the continued rumours about his future at Manchester United, the Colombian striker seemed to be coping better after the international break, enjoying an evening out in Alderley Edge on Thursday, before picking up his £100,000 Porsche Panamera from a Waitrose car park. The Colombian striker has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Old Trafford, and has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game against Leeds United at Elland Road after the Welsh club backed their fans in handing back their allocation of 500 tickets.Both clubs have a history of fan trouble but Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club, council or police, when they would usually offer in excess of 2,500 tickets to away fans.Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in the reverse fixture back in November's game, which ended a 3-1 win for the home side, and have been angered by the decision not
Man admits to ripping another man’s scrotum with a metal hook. Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at in the Whakatane District Court on Wednesday, NZ media reported. According to police Mr Docherty hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property.
Man swallows entire beer bottle at family get together. A perilous party-trick backfired when a man was hospitalised after swallowing an entire glass bottle of beer at a family get-together in Darwin, Northern Territory. Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday.
Derek Lawrenson’s Masters predictions: Dustin Johnson, Rory McIlroy, Henrik Stenson, Paul Casey. Sportsmail's derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at Augusta on Thursday. Best American.
Raccoon found stuck 30ft-high on a flagpole outside Philadelphia’s Cathedral Basilica. The black-eyed bandit was found stuck on a pole outside Philadelphia's Cathedral Basilique of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning. Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, shot dead while making music video in Maryland. An aspiring 21-year-old rapper was shot dead in Maryland Wednesday when police say one of the people in his entourage fired a gun that was being used as a prop in a music video. He was accompanied by as many as 20 people.
Alaska wood bison freed from temporary pen to roam the plains of Alaska for the first time in over a century. The moment was captured on video and shows Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton leading 100 bison to freedom on a snowmobile. The land mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition, and followed Mr Seaton to their new home.
Jet Jet surfing is the latest craze in extreme water sports as thrillseekers take it to the next level. This action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off.
MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in Britain’s nuclear, transport and public services after co-pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster. MI5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas – known as 'insiders' – highlighted by the Germanwings disaster.
New Zealand racing presenter Adian Rodley goes viral after his ecstatic celebration of racehorse’s victory was caught on film. Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million Australian Derby, held in Randwick on Monday. Watching the race on a Trackside TV, Bosson's agent didn't realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations.
1,500 migrants rescued by Italian navy and coast guard ships in less than 24 hours. Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers. The rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via Italy on the same period last year.
Athletic Bilbao 1-1 Valencia. Former Valencia striker Aritz Aduriz denied his old team victory with a last-gasp equaliser. Valencia's Nicolas Otamendi is sent off in the 90th minute.
Santiago Vergini ready to extend Sunderland stay. The 26-year-old Argentinian returned to the Stadium of Light on a season-long loan deal from Costa Rican side Sport Uruguay de Coronado in August last year and has made 35 appearances to date this season. The last of them was a start in Sunday's 1-0 derby victory over Newcastle.
Ashley Young is desperate to avoid being part of the first United team to lose five successive Manchester derbies. Manchester City have had the better of their local rivals during the last couple of years.
Aston Villa's Jack Grealish: You can keep telling me to pull my socks up but there's no chance of me listening. The Aston Villa teenager is renowned for keeping his stockings just above the roll of his shinpads. And he says he'll carry on that way after making his first Premier League start on Tuesday night.
Tiger Tiger Woods says the Par-3 Contest is all about 'having fun, enjoying it and not winning'. Woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004.
Novak Djokovic beats David Ferrer to reach Miami Open semi-finals. Andy Murray is on another collision course in Miami after the Serbian beat David Ferrey to reach the semis of the Miami Open. With Murray set to face Tomas Berdych in his semi-final, the man who beat him to the Australian Open and then again in Indian Wells secured his own last-four spot.
Trainer Paul Webber was on Sunday praying the ground at Fairyhouse dries out further for Cantlow, who will attempt to give AP McCoy a glorious send off in Ireland with a second victory in Easter Monday's Irish Grand National. The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler's Cabin and success aboard Cantlow would be a fairytale start to what could be McCoy's final week as a jockey.
Rubi Light a definite runner for Crabbie’s Grand National. The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch. The Irish challenge looks like being eight strong after trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Ruby Light is a definite contender.
Godolphin's Tryster wins Coral Easter Classic. An electric change of pace propelled odds-on favourite Tryster to a three-quarter length success in the feature Coral Easter Classic as his Godolphin stable dominated £1.1million All Weather Finals day at Lingfield. The four-year-old, ridden by William Buick, beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer Charlie Appleby.
Saracens boss Mark McCall believes neutral territory offers Clermont hope of European final. Marcelo Bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of Sunday's showdown with Racing Metro to clinch a 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to St Etienne's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on April 18. Awaiting in the Champions Cup semi-finals are Clermount, who are bristling with confidence.
Munster sign New Zealand international Francis Saili on a two-year deal. Utility back Saili will move to the province later this year after the completion of his 2015 contractual commitments.
Wasps coach Dai Young calls for reform of the Premiership salary cap. It’s that time of year when the English challenge in Europe fades in the face of overwhelming firepower and the thorny issue of the salary cap re-surfaces. This time, Dai Young has sounded the annual alarm.
Anthony Watson and company were left to reflect on what might have been as six Ian Madigan penalties gave three-time European champions Leinster a tense 18-15 quarter-final success. Bath dominated for large parts of the second period and claimed tries through fly-half George Ford and captain Stuart Hooper, but hopes of reaching a first top-flight European semi-final since 2006 floundered on their indiscipline.
Tim Bresnan insists a good start to the domestic season with LV= County Championship holders Yorkshire could help him make a case for an England Test recall. The right-arm quick last played in whites for England during the Ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14.
England v St Kitts & Nevis: Stuart Broad survives injury scare and Jonny Bairstow falls just short of century. Stuart Broad came through an injury scare as England's Test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill. Jonathan Trott (nought) and Gary Ballance (17) largely failed to do so.
Aston Villa winger Jack Grealish wants to replace the Wembley misery he suffered as a fan with joy as a player when Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final. Twice the teenage winger visited the national stadium to cheer on his boyhood club in 2010.
Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish wants to bring in extra investment so the club can improve their Selhurst Park home. The Premier League side, who beat champions Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night, have been reportedly targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris - an American businessman who already owns the Philadelphia 76ers NBA team and the NHL outfit the New Jersey Devils.
Julian Speroni will take his Crystal Palace career into a 12th season after agreeing a new contract. The goalkeeper, who joined from Dundee in July 2004, has triggered a 12-month extension.
Everton may be languishing in the bottom half of the Premier League table but that didn't stop nearly 4,000 staunch supporters turning out to watch an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday. The Toffees held the event to coincide with the school half-term holiday as they prepare to face Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Paul McShane tells Hull team-mates it’s time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle. It might have been handy if someone had shared the message before they got off their bus in Swansea on Saturday.
Leicester City 2-1 West Ham United: Andy King's 86th minute winner keeps Premier League survival alive. It was not particularly pretty but Andy King’s 86th-minute winner has kept Leicester City's hopes of survival alive, at least for now. There was a frantic sense of do or die in the closing stages.
Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao believes Manchester City counterpart Sergio Aguero is his side's biggest threat. The Colombian striker was speaking at the #HeadtoHead for Puma's 'evoSPEED 1.3' alongside the Argentine when he spoke highly of this weekend's Manchester derby.
Haris Vuckic: Rangers would be a 'good option' if Newcastle let me go. Haris has denied reports suggesting he is ready to quit Newcastle this summer. He still has another 12 months on his deal with the Barclays Premier League club.
Southampton's James Ward-Prowse: 'I never want to have regrets'. For a young man who has spent his career under the radar, the scene outside the Riverside Stadium on Monday night was symbolic. James Ward Prowse had just led England Under 21s to a thrilling 3-2 victory.
Tottenham Hotspur demolish Archway Sheet Metal Works as they move forward with new White Hart Lane stadium. Tottenham are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development with demolition beginning on the final opponent to the move. The north London club's neighbours, Archway, fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development but having failed with an appeal earlier this year, their premises are beginning to be demolished. The Metal Works was were denied permission to appeal but they were allowed to directly ask Court of Appeal judges to reconsider the case.
Tony Pulis: Joey Barton 'probably had a point' when claiming West Bromwich Albion's players's*** themselves' during defeat to Queens Park Rangers earlier this season. In December West Brom were two goals up but lost to a Charlie Austin hat-trick. Barton said then: 'West Brom went 2-0 up and I turned to Dunney (Richard Dunne) and said, 'they've scored too early.'
West Ham wonderkid Reece Oxford moves closer to first-team debut after scoring for Under 21s against Manchester United. The 16-year-old, who has been on the bench for the senior side this season, scored with a header in the Hammers 3-2 defeat against the Red Devils on Tuesday night. The goal will push Oxford's claims for a senior debut before the end of the season.
Manchester United Under 21 go four points clear at the top of Premier League. Josh Harrop starred as Manchester United secured a hard-earned victory against West Ham United to go 4-1 ahead of the Under 21 Premier League clash at the London Stadium. MANCHESTER UNITED Under 21 JOSH HARROP starred as the Red Devils went four points ahead of West Ham in the Premier League on Saturday night. Harrop grabbed his first of the game before Joe Rothwell capped an impressive turnaround minutes later.
Ron Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership - but believes that is an indictment rather than a boast. The Hoops boss criticised the playing surface at St Mirren Park following the Hoops' 2-0 Scottish Premiership win on Friday night and said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit.
Gary Teale hits back at Ronny Deila's criticism of St Mirren pitch. After the Parkhead club's 2-0 win on Friday night, Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership 'terrible' and argued that artificial pitches would make for better spectacles. But Teale insists the Norwegian's criticism was unjustified.
Stuart McCall has dismissed any thought of his Rangers future being decided before the end of the season. McCall is adamant that despite the revival, his Rangers side are yet to achieve anything in the Championship.
Karim Benzema hails Cristiano Ronaldo as a 'phenomenon' after Real Madrid's 9-1 mauling of Granada. It was the first time in his career that Ronaldo has scored five goals in a single match and saw him become only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for Madrid, a tally achieved in only 287 appearances. Ronaldo celebrates after scoring against Granada.
Christian Benteke faces a substantial pay cut if his goals are not enough to keep Aston Villa in the Premier League. The Belgian striker has ambitions to play European football.
England cricket England left for the Caribbean on Thursday knowing they must beat the West Indies on their return to Test cricket to salvage the futures of key personnel and silence speculation that continues to swirl around Kevin Pietersen. The stakes are high for England after a disastrous World Cup and the introduction of a new ECB chairman in Colin Graves who has made it clear that jobs will be on the line in a three-Test series that begins in Antigua on April 13.
Van Gaal kisses Herrera after Aston Villa win. Louis van Gaal has a reputation as a no-nonsense disciplinarian but the Manchester United manager punctured that image by revealing just how pleased he was with Ander Herrera's first goal against Aston Villa. The Dutchman explained he had been imploring the Spanish midfielder to control the ball before shooting in order to demonstrate a greater level of composure.
Arsenal target Paolo Dybala admits he could be playing his last games for Palermo. Arsenal target and Juve and Liverpool target, 21-year-old forward, has admitted that these could be his last days with the club ready to cash in on their star man. The Argentine forward, 21, has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
James Rodriguez returns to Real Madrid squad, Ancelotti has'six nations' available again. With James Rodriguez returning to the Real Madrid team, Spanish publication Marca have splashed about how Carlo A.C. has his ‘six nations’ available again. The former Monaco playmaker has been out of action since the beginning of February with a foot injury.
Amir Khan enjoys family day at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom. Bolton-born boxer Amir Khan spent his Friday alongside some fellow natural born fighters as he enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern California. Khan posed alongside, and also fed, a rare but dangerous white tiger as well posing with stunning giraffes and sea lions.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour, a move that could upset numerous international managers. Jose Mourinho didn't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to Japan, home of new sponsors Yokohama Rubber.
Blackburn Rovers manager Gary Bowyer has hit out at FA Cup rules which prevent him from fielding one of his own players against Liverpool in Wednesday night's sixth round replay at Ewood Park because he was on loan when the first tie was played on March 9. Bowyer, who has a lengthy injury list at his Championship club, wanted to include 21-year-old midfielder John O'Sullivan to face The Reds having recalled him from a loan spell with League One Barnsley last month.
Sean Dyche has complete confidence that his side will beat relegation. The Clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their Barclays Premier League survival battle reinvigorated.
Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season. Napoli were eliminated from the Coppa Italia by Lazio on Wednesday, going down 2-1 on aggregate.
LeBron James scores 23 as Cavaliers beat Heat. LeBron James dealt his former team Miami's play-off hopes a major blow as he scored 23 points in the Cavaliers' win over the Heat on Thursday. The Cleveland forward, who won two NBA titles with Miami before moving back to Ohio, helped his team to a 114-88 win at the American Airlines Arena.
Jacques Burger is the man you want on your team. But while he can be very cavalier with his own body, Burger believes players do need to be protected from themselves at times.
Blackpool 1-1 Reading: Fans protest relegation. Blackpool marked their relegation into Sky Bet League One with a draw against Reading, but the fireworks were restricted to outside of Bloomfield Road as long-suffering supporters held protests against Seasiders chairman Karl Oyston.
Alastair Cook completes century on day two of England's tour match against West Indies. England captain Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England&rsquo;s opening tour match in the West Indies. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display. This was as far away from the Ashes cauldron as it is possible to be but a quiet day of run scoring against sub-standard opposition in picturesque Basseterre at the start of England’s Caribbean tour meant everything to Jonathan Trott. It must have seemed to Trott that he would never again bat for England when he suffered that brutal […].
Jose Mourinho: I don't care where Chelsea win the Premier League, so long as they end up claiming the title. Jose Mourinho has declared that he doesn't care who wins the title. The Blues lead the table by six points, with a game in hand.
The importance of Saturday's match against Arsenal for Liverpool's Champion's League ambitions cannot be overstated. The reverse fixture, a 2-2 draw in December, prompted Liverpool's renaissance into the Premier League's form team. Thereafter, they went 13 top-flight games without defeat.
Olivier Giroud netted five times in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins last month as Arsene Wenger's side took all 12 points on offer to claim the award for March. And in doing so he joined a long list of his compatriots to be ranked as a month's best player in the English top flight.
Bournemouth 1-1 Ipswich: Kenwyne Jones rescues point from the bench. Kenyne Jones came from the substitutes bench late on to score within three minutes of his debut and rescue a point away to Ipswich. They dominated the match, but had to wait until the 82nd minute.
Brendan Rodgers accepts his side cannot afford not to turn up in another big game if their top-four ambitions are to survive. Defeat at third-placed Arsenal would be a huge blow to their aspirations of returning to Europe's elite for a second successive season.
Five hat-tricks have been scored in this match-up since the inception of the Premier League, one more than has been netted in Newcastle United vs Manchester United games. Whats more, their meeting in December ended in an entertaining 2-2 draw after an injury-time equaliser from Martin Skrtel.
Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic got more than they bargained for when YouTube star Bas van Velzen arrived at Melwood. The Merseysiders were led to believe that the Dutch free-kick specialist was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the Anfield stars and receive a dead-ball masterclass.
Rickie Fowler defends girlfriend after online hater accuses her of being a 'gold digger'. The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash'.
Mark Wood spent a day this week donning his newly arrived England suit. ‘I wore it around the house a bit too much really but I was absolutely buzzing just to have it on.’.
Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during Sunday's World Cup final win over New Zealand. Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill, and a photograph of Haddin and all-rounder James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the Australian’s fifth World Cup triumph.
Cheteshwar Pujara joins Yorkshire on a deal until the end of May. Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwara after cancelling the contract of Younis Khan. Younus was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015, but the batsman is now part of Pakistan's potential touring party.
Ian Bell signs three-year contract extension with Warwickshire. England batsman Ian Bell has signed a contract extension that will keep him at the club until the end of the 2017 season. Bell has gone on to play 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England.
Former Rangers striker Marco Negri has revealed he quit the Scottish giants after fearing he was HIV-positive. Negri joined the Ibrox outfit from Italian side Perugia for £3.5million in 1997, scoring a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games.
RaRaheem Sterling's controversial 'It's Not-About-The-Money' campaign led him to the Emirates Stadium, where Liverpool and Arsenal fans united to protest against the rising price of football for travelling fans. '£5bn and what do we get? £64 a ticket' read one banner, held across the home and away fans before kick-off.
Mils Muliaina arrested on suspicion of sexual assault after Gloucester clash. Former All Blacks star Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's clash with Gloucester on Friday night - with TV cameras capturing the moment he was hauled away by police following the game. Mils was arrested on a suspicion of sexually assaulting a woman following his side's 14-7 Challenge Cup quarter-final defeat by Gloucester.
Movie and music downloaders could soon be slapped with a 10 per cent GST. Consumers could soon have to pay goods and services tax (GST) on their movie and music downloads in a government moves to reel in extra billions of dollars in revenue. The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas, thus affecting companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon and eBay. Choice argues that the government should instead be tackling the exorbitant domestic costs of TV shows, music and movies, and difficulties accessing them.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in England's Ashes squad this summer. But Gough believes there is still only a slim chance of his friend adding to his tally of 104 Test match appearances when England start their Ashes series on the same ground a few months later.
John Hartson reflects on his battle with cancer. On the eve of his 40th birthday, former Celtic striker has reflected on how cancer made him change his life. He has admitted his major health scare forced him to stop drinking as much, battle a gambling addiction and become a loyal husband.
Chelsea kit for sale with Gareth Bale's name on the back. A Brazilian online football store claims to have next season's Chelsea kits for sale on its website - and it can be purchased with Gareth 'Bale 9' Bale. The website has published three Chelsea kits with the incoming 'Yokohama' sponsor across the front, albeit without the Adidas emblem.
Arsenal 4-1 Liverpool: Player ratings. Arsenal moved nine points clear of their top four rivals Liverpool on Saturday afternoon with a win at home in the Premier League. Goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put the Gunners 3-0 ahead.
Leeds United are the subject of a takeover bid from Red Bull, according to owner Massimo Cellino. Cellino told the Yorkshire Evening Post that majority shareholders Eleonora Sport were considering an offer.
David Villa enjoys New York City's Empire State Building. David Villa seems to be enjoying his recent move across the pond to the MLS, as the NYCFC captain visits the sight's of his new home. The former Barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in America, scoring once and helping his side to third place.
Steven Gerrard leaves his beloved Liverpool at the end of the season after an illustrious career and amazingly club legend Steve Heighway predicted that he'd be a success - in a newspaper article in 1992. A fresh-faced Gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old, when he was an up and coming talent in Liverpool's academy.
Ars Arsene Wenger insists Arsenal will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title. Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at home on Saturday.
Harry Kane should not go to the Under-21 European Championship with England this summer, according to Kenny Dalglish. Kane won his first senior caps for England last week, but is still eligible for Gareth Southgate's Young Lions.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini accepts his side are now facing a fight to stay in the Champions League places. City appear to have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the Premier League title race.
Arsenal and Liverpool fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime Barclays Premier League clash. Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices, with the protest coming in the aftermath of the Premier League's £5.14billion TV rights deal with banners held up inside and outside the ground.
Wesley Sneijder has apologised after unwittingly launching his knife range in Galatasaray colours on the 15th anniversary of two Leeds United supporters being stabbed to death in Istanbul. Leeds fans, Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus, were killed before the UEFA Cup semi-final first leg against Galatasaray in Taksim Square, Istanbul, on April 5, 2000.
Deion Sanders Jr. calls out his son for needing 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'. The talented wide receiver, who is a sophomore at Southern Methodist University, wrote on Twitter Thursday; 'Gotta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning. If my doughnuts don't come in a plain white box, I don't want them!'.
Analysts employed at US intelligence agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center receive treatment from specialist psychologists to help them deal with the emotional trauma they experience. The analysts watch clips of beheadings, violent attacks and hard core pornography which sometimes features children in an effort to gain clues about where terrorists are and what they have planned.
Every rock band has a face. But what if they were seen as one? In an unusual project by men's face product company West Coast Shaving, each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one.
Prosecutors say they're dismissing almost three dozen criminal cases connected to four Fort Lauderdale police officers who lost their jobs following an investigation into a racist video and text messages. The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers.
Amazing pictures show how this incredibly strong ant is able to literally tie its opposition in knots. The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power.
Wyoming man who stole train from coal mine and crashed it because he was upset over a phone call with his boss has been sentenced to serve probation and pay restitution Derek Skyler Brux, 22, pleaded guilty in January for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country Brux then crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again Brux was working at his job at the North Antelope Rochelle Mine, where he had been employed as a utility coal operator for three years
Leukaemia patient lies over hot coals every day in the hope it will kill off cancer cells. Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease. He built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County in southwest China's Yunnan Province.
Pizza takeaway where mouse droppings and mouldy tomato puree was used as topping is fined nearly £15,000. The owner of a takeaway where pizza boxes were filled with mice droppings was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs. Council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas at the mice-ridden Pizza Plus Fried Chicken business run by Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, in Gillingham.
Jose Mourinho says he talks to God every day, but never about football and never discusses the game with his wife. The father-of-two said that he and his family 'know about poverty' and have been privileged to have worked with the Word Food Programme as an ambassador against hunger.
Richie Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members. A veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Patrick O'Flynn, who is also the party's economics spokesman, said Ukip needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' behind with female voters. Mr Farage, who was absent from the women's event, has previously been criticised for controversial remarks about breast-feeding.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, south west London, at the end of March. The 33-year-old Mexican national, who worked as a transgender escort, died as a result of injuries to the head and neck.
England Women 2-1 China. Fran Kirby staked an impressive claim for a World Cup starting role with England Women as she created the first goal and scored a brilliant second in a win over China.
Fenerbahce call for suspension of Turkish championship after gun attack on team bus. The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig. Fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital.
Wayne Rooney knows Champions League qualification is Manchester United's to lose, making this weekend's clash with Aston Villa all the more important. Louis van Gaal's side sit fourth in the Barclays Premier League standings as the season enters the closing stages.
Richie Benaud's letter to England fan Jonathon Stevenson. A young English fan who wrote a letter to Benaud asking for tips on spin bowling almost 20 years ago has shared the Australian cricket great's response in the wake of his death. A letter from Benaud to an English fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost twenty years ago emerged on Friday in the aftermath of the cricket legend's death.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney added to his collection of wonder goals at Old Trafford with a stunning strike in a 3-1 win against Aston Villa. United were leading 1-0 after 79 minutes when Rooney spun brilliantly before hammering a half-volley with his right-foot past Brad Guzan.
Track judge left with javelin embedded in heel after falling over trying to dodge it. Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey, when he was pierced by the projectile.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin and he shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man'. The Australian cricketer and commentator passed away in his sleep on Thursday night in Sydney after battling skin cancer.
Brendan Rodgers has criticised Raheem Sterling's advisor, suggesting that the player is being manipulated by outside forces and that he would be inclined to stay at Liverpool if left to make a decision alone. With Liverpool losing 4-1 at Arsenal on Saturday and seeing their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League next season effectively ending, Rodgers made veiled criticisms of the player's agent, Aidy Ward, after the televised interview Sterling gave last week, in which he admitted he was flattered by Arsenal's interest in him.
Eden Hazard starred for Jose Mourinho's team. He slotted Chelsea ahead in typically composed fashion from the penalty spot.
China's two-legged pig learns how to walk on just two feet. The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters. The heartwarming clip featured on the People's Daily Online shows the young animal wobbling about with its snout to the ground, foraging for food.
The adorable toddler who balances three bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music. The talented toddler, believed to be from China and female, carefully balances three small bowls as she dances to music. Happily bobbing along to the music, the youngster who is thought to be aged between two and three years old, slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware, as seen in a video on the People's Daily Online.
Middlesbrough hold the aces. With just four weeks remaining, Aitor Karanka's team are top of a division that has witnessed the leadership change hands 15 times.
Wigan Athletic appoint Gary Caldwell as new manager. The 32-year-old, who has been at the DW Stadium since 2010, will take charge for the first time against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday. The move to appoint Caldwell comes as a surprise, with the Scot admitting himself that he did not expect to get the job.
Brentford 4-1 Fulham. The chant was loud and it was pronounced. ‘Bees up, Fulham down’ rang out of the not-so neutral end.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England’s new director of cricket. Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton, the man who brought him back to the coaching job and called him the ‘outstanding coach of his generation.’. Michael Vaughan with Moores in 2008 during his unsuccessful first spell as England coach.
Michael Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director. All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are well-respected figures within the game.
Bayern Munich 2-1 Borussia Dortmund: Robert Lewandowski returns to haunt his former club as Bayern Munich earn a narrow victory at the Signal Iduna Park. Bayern Munich earned a narrow 1-0 victory over Borussia Dortmunder at their home stadium on Saturday. Former Dortmund man Lewandowski scored the only goal of the match to give his side the win.
Mario Balotelli moved a step closer to an Anfield exit in the summer as Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers revealed that the Italian had withdrawn himself from the squad to travel to Arsenal after taking a'slight knock' in training. The £16million striker would only have been a substitute against Arsenal and would even have been behind Daniel Sturridge, who also started on the bench, in the pecking order.
Northampton 37-5 Clermont: Tom Wood thanks French side for inviting Saints to open training session after Champions Cup defeat. Tom Wood jokingly thanked French side after the English champions were thrashed 37-0 in the Champions Cup. The Saints, who sit 10 points clear at the summit of the Aviva Premiership, exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the Stade Marcel-Michelin.
Diego Costa looks set to be sidelined for at least two weeks after sustaining another hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City. The Spain international is likely to miss Chelsea's upcoming Barclays Premier League matches against west London rivals Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United.
Maur Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent. The Argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago.
Rory McIlroy could become just the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday, and while that represents the pinnacle of on-course achievement, he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport. Perhaps the biggest compliment to the man who would join the golfing gods this week is that his name does not look out of place among the pantheon.
This is the moment a two-year-old boy is reduced to tears as he loses an Easter egg rolling race - before he's even set off. Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody.
Alan Stubbs fears crowd trouble if Hibs refused to form guard of honour for Hearts. Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the Championship title winners at Easter Road. Neilson said: 'It is up to them if they want to do it.
Sam Allardyce making plans for next season at West Ham but admits he still does not know if he'll still be manager. The Hammers boss has already made plans for the summer and next season with West Ham, but admits his future at the club remains uncertain. The West Ham boss is making plans to lead the club into next season.
Natasha Jonas, the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games, has announced her retirement from the sport. The Liverpool-born 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist Katie Taylor of Ireland in the first round of the women's lightweight competition at London 2012.
Thomas Bjorn's shot lands in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the Masters. After driving into the trees with his first shot, he played back on to the fairway to leave a 145-yard shot into the green. But his aim on his third was clearly a little off.
Danny Willett: 'It's the kind of thing you dream of when you're a kid, boxing a long one across the green'. The lightning-fast greens at Augusta National can be a daunting prospect for many first-timers at the Masters. Not so for Sheffield’s Danny Willett.
Arnold Palmer hits the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters at Augusta National. The 85-year-old legend, who won seven majors, defied an injury to hit his tee shot.
Djokovic beats Isner to reach Miami Open final. Two hours before the Miami Open semifinal, Novak Djokovi practiced his returns in an empty stadium, the ball coming at him quickly because his hitting partner stood three feet inside the baseline to emulate big-serving John Isner. The drill helped.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visit Mercedes' Brackley base in the hope to find a winning formula come race weekend in Shanghai on April 10-12. The pair attended Mercedes' factory in BrackLEY to find out how they can beat the red cars in Shanghai. Mercedes team-mates Nico and Lewis have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse doesn't gallop to victory at the next race in China.
Lewis Hamilton stepped on Bill Clinton's foot at Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party. Lewis Hamilton has barely put a foot wrong during the last year with Mercedes on the track, but the reigning Formula One world champion did admit to doing so off it in rather embarrassing circumstances. The 30-year-old's success has enabled him to meet stars in other sports.
Jackie Stewart urges F1 bosses not to forsake tradition for money. Formula One great Jackie Stewart has bemoaned the downfall of the German Grand Prix and is urging the sport's bosses to preserve tradition as the number of European races on the calendar dwindles. The German GP was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems and Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the iconic Italian Grand Prix.
Lewis Hamilton opens up about his tattoos in new Men's Health. Two-time Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos. The Mercedes racer features on the front cover of the May edition of the popular health publication.
Work has started on repairing the roof of the Silverstone motor racing circuit which was damaged by high winds during the last couple of days. Part of the 'Wing' - the $40million (£27m), three-story corporate building at the host venue of Formula One's British Grand Prix - was affected by the winds on late Sunday and Monday. Images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed.
Jason Robinson reveals he once contemplated suicide. England World Cup winner Jason Robinson has revealed he contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career in which he was arrested for violent offences. Speaking in the documentary Jason Robinson: Sports Life Stories, which will be broadcast on ITV4 at 10pm on Tuesday, the 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan, which almost led to his downfall.
Mark Butcher's guide to the County Championship. A new county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of Championship fixtures this summer beginning on Sunday up and down the country. Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier.
Zimbabwe could become the first test playing country to tour Pakistan since gunmen attacked the Sri Lanka team bus in Lahore six years ago. Shaharyar Khan, chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board, says Zimbabwe is willing to tour.
Alex Alex Rodriguez returns to Yankees lineup. Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day following a 162-game suspension.
Tim Sherwood still in touch with Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy and thanks board for ending his time at White Hart Lane. Sherwood, who takes Villa to north London on Saturday, had nothing but praise for Levy, who joined in 2001, and his former employers. 'I've been in communication with Daniel Levy since I've left.
10 things we learned from the Premier League's Easter weekend fixtures and the race for promotion across the Football League. 1.
HarryHarry Kane hailed an unforgettable week after taking his England bow and becoming the youngest captain in the Premier League this season - but he will want to erase the memory of Tottenham's goalless draw at Burnley. Kane, 21, was chosen as Spurs captain after a week which has also seen him score on his England debut and make his first start for the national team.
Burn Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with a point against Tottenham and the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer Harry Kane. Kane could not find a way to break the deadlock at Turf Moor in the 0-0 draw on Sunday afternoon.
Onuoha is wanted by Hull City. The QPR centre-back is one of several players poised to.
Andy King thinks his 50th goal for Leicester City could prove to be his most important yet. Coming in the 86th minute of Saturday's match it was by no means his most spectacular, a mere flick from six yards out enough to take the ball past Adrian after a scuffed Jamie Vardy shot. But it was enough to defeat West Ham in a frenetic match and breathe life back into the side he has spent his whole career playing for.
Nigel Pearson hails Esteban Cambiasso as man of the match. Leicester boss Nigel Pearson would have had the 'outstanding' Englishman as his man-of-the-match in Saturday's 2-1 win over West Ham even if the veteran Foxes midfielder had not scored his fine goal. 'Even if he hadn't scored the goal, I would still have said he was Man of the Match. I think he was outstanding,' Pearson said.
Daniel Agger banned for two games for violent conduct. Denmark and Brondby defender Daniel Agger has been banned for two games after elbowing Mattias Jorgensen in the head. The incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against Copenhagen on Monday.
Diego de Girolamo is on loan at Northampton but Benfica and Juventus are interested in the Italy Under 20 man. Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation.
West Bromwich Albion set to make £3m move for Swansea's Neil Taylor this summer. Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old who has impressed several Premier League managers over the past few years including Brendan Rodgers at Liverpool and Alan Pardew at Crystal Palace. Neil Taylor is wanted by West Brom.
Harry Kane fails to impress in crossbar challenge. With a ball at his feet and a goal in sight Harry Kane has rarely failed to give Tottenham fans what they want this season. But when it came.
Jeremy Peace ready to shelve West Brom sale if deal is not in place by July. The West Brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia with some parties already having a tour of the club's training ground facilities. Jeremy Peace is ready to put the sale of West Bromwich Albion on hold until a deal is in place.
QPR 3-0 West Brom: Bobby Zamora lobs Boaz Myhill to seal victory. Written off by many, this victory, only a second on the road all season, claws QPR closer to safety. West Bromwich Albion: Myhill 5; Baird 5 (Olsson 65' 4), McAuley 4, Lescott 4, Brunt 5; Gardner 5.5 (Mulumbu 72' 2), Morrison 5, Fletcher 6.5, Sessegnon 3 (Anichebe 46' 7); Berahino 6, Ideye 6.
James Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season, but the defender knows his campaign may be over. Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery.
Ronny Deila admits the first six months in charge were mentally tough. Publicly, Deila plastered on the brave face and talked of looking behind the results for progress. Privately, the misgivings about his long-term suitability for the post were beginning to gnaw at him.
Haris Vuckic: I want to play at a bigger, stronger level at Rangers. While the other members of the Newcastle Five have managed a paltry 44 minutes of football between them, the Slovenian has positively thrived at Rangers. So much so, in fact, that he admits staying at Ibrox beyond the end of this season would be an immensely attractive option.
Real Madrid appeal against yellow card for Cristiano Ronaldo. Real Madrid have appealed against the yellow card shown to their star forward for diving in the penalty area during their 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano, and hope to have his suspension revoked. Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez.
Rio Ferdinand believes Wayne Rooney's return to attacking role has led to Manchester United's upturn in performance. Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has revealed his belief that Wayne Rooney playing as a striker is fundamental to United hitting fifth gear. He praised Van Gaal for moving his captain further up the pitch.
Peter Quillin: I don’t have regrets when it’s time. In a sport so often dominated by egos, the idiom ‘if he was chocolate, he’d eat himself’ could be used on a weekly basis in boxing. And going by the sobriquet ‘Kid Chocolate’, you might expect Peter Quillin to have an appetite to match his ring alias.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr could rematch in under six weeks after war of words reignites. The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29 with British, Commonwealth and European middleweight champions Saunders handing his rival his first career defeat. Now the duo are both set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9 but not against each other.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season - giving him a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the top flight. Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively.
Atletico Madrid 2-0 Cordoba: Antoine Griezmann nets 15th league goal of the season as they leapfrog Valencia in La Liga. Atletico turned up the heat on Valencia in the battle for La Liga's third automatic Champions League berth with club top scorer Antoine Griezmanne setting them on the way to a two-0 stroll at bottom side Cordoba on Saturday. The victory for the champions at Cordoba's El Arcangel stadium in balmy Andalucia lifted Atletico above Valencia and onto 62 points from 29 matches.
Joey Barton: QPR have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up. Queens Park Rangers midfielder Joey Barton believes his side have a ‘hell of chance’ of staying in the Premier League. Rangers won 4-1 at the 10-man Baggies on Saturday to end a losing run of five matches.
Alan Pardew insists he is better than many of the Premier League's big-name managers but has no immediate plans to leave Selhurst Park for a table-topping side. Crystal Palace have won six out of 10 league games since the Eagles succeeded Neil Warnock at the start of the year to all but guarantee their place in the top flight next season.
Dominic King's player ratings from Manchester United's 3-1 victory over Aston Villa. Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time and Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second. But midfielder Herrera added his second and United's third late on to secure the three points for Manchester United.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has warned his players that Champions League qualification is still not assured despite holding an eight-point gap over Liverpool after Saturday's results. Van Gaal sees next Sunday's derby against Manchester City at Old Trafford as important in the battle to finish runners-up.
Ander Herrera is the right man for the job at Manchester United. Rarely can a headline in a matchday magazine have been so prophetic: on pages 16 and 17 of the United Review, next to a picture of Ander Herrera, screamed the words ‘Right place, right time’. That hasn’t always been the case during the Spaniard’s debut season at Old Trafford.
Anthony Joshua stops Jason Gavern in the third round but still not happy with his performance. Anthony Joshua stopped experienced American Jason 'Slippery customer' Gavern twice in the second round and twice more before the contest was waved off in Newcastle. But Joshua, who was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back, admitted he was not at his best.
Dereck Chisora lined up for David Price fight. 'Del Boy' has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting Tyson Fury at London's ExCeL Arena in November. Price is now the mandatory challenger for that strap.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall has delivered a sharp rebuke to David Templeton after the winger criticised the training-ground methods deployed by the manager's predecessors, Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall. Former Hearts star Templeton claimed last week that McCall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management.
Dave Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman after the Court of Session cleared him to return as a director of the club. The South African-based businessman hopes yesterday’s decision will now convince the SFA to pass him as ‘fit and proper’ in the final stage of approval.
Celta Vigo forward Fabian Orellana handed one-match ban for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets. The bizarre incident which happened during Barca's 1-0 victory over Celta on Sunday saw the Celta forward grow frustrated with the midfielder's time-wasting tactics and hurl a lump of turf at him. Celta striker Fabian Orellana (right) was shown a red card for throwing the chunk of grass in the direction of the Barcelona midfielder. The club has confirmed the incident on their official website.
XXavi has a vital role to play in the club's hunt for the treble, says Luis Enrique. The 35-year-old Barcelona star recently travelled to Qatar to discuss a possible switch to Al Sadd ahead of next season.
Franck Ribery turned down Real Madrid five years ago because he was told he was as important to Bayern as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona. The French winger, 32, has won four Bundesliga titles as well as a Champions League during his time with the German giants, but it could have all been different had a proposed move to the Bernabeu in 2009 gone through. He says he was convinced to stay after being sold on his importance by the club's elite.
Borussia Dortmund need to start scoring more goals if they want to win games, says Sven Bender. Sven Bender has issued a rallying call to his Dortmund team-mates, telling them that they need to improve in front of goal for their disappointing season to be forgotten. Jurgen Klopp's men have failed to score in four of their last five league games and will now find it difficult to earn a spot in the Champions League places.
Antonio Di Natale: Alexis Sanchez is the best strike partner I've ever had. Former Italy forward Antonio di Natale has described Alexis Sanchez as the best partner he's ever had and insisted the Arsenal forward is better than Neymar. The Chilean has been in storming form with 20 goals in all competitions during his debut season with the Gunners.
Juventus 2-1 Fiorentina: Bonucci, Matri and Pereyra help Old Lady reach Coppa Italia final. Juventus ensured their treble dreams remained alive as they overcame a first-leg defeat thanks to goals by Alessandro Matri, Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci. The feat was made even more impressive as the Old Lady were without key trio Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Andrea Pirlo.
Roma have been ordered to close part of their stadium for their next home game after supporters were sanctioned for showing an offensive banner over the weekend. The banner, displayed during Roma's 1-0 defeat of Napoli on Saturday, caused outcry for insulting the mother of a Napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes between supporters last year.
Aston Villa's Kevin Toner being tracked by several clubs. A host of clubs are tracking Aston Villa’s young central defender as his contract nears its end. Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have watched Toner, one of Villa's most promising young players.
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager's job at Wigan Athletic after Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked on Monday. Stubbs' No2, John Doolan, formed part of Uwe Rosler's backroom staff at the DW Stadium before the German was sacked in November.
Celtic's title prospects 'look great' after St Mirren win. Celtic midfielder Stefan Johansen believes his side's title aspirations look great following their 2-0 win over bottom side St Mirren in Paisley on Friday night. The Norway midfielder clinched the points with a 79th minute penalty after wide-man James Forrest had finished off a well-worked Hoops move from close range.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila hits out at Scottish pitches after victory over St Mirren. A James Forrest strike and Stefan Johansen’s penalty were enough to see off a spirited challenge by the bottom side as Celtic moved eight points clear of Aberdeen. But although pleased with the way his side stayed patient to win, Deila felt their cause wasn't helped by the state of the Paisley surface.
Ian Poulter: I’ll win a claret jug, and I know exactly what dinner I would choose for the champion’s dinner. A week in the Bahamas, lapping up the sun and the odd glass of champagne, gazing across the yachts bobbing in the marina. It sounds idyllic, but perhaps is not the way you might imagine.
GaryGary Player will attend his 58th Masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game's most exclusive club and salute what he considers would be one of the sport's finest accomplishments. The great man considers Tiger Woods completing the career Grand Slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen. So you can imagine how excited he is at the prospect of Rory McIlroy becoming just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25.
Rory McIlroy has the chance to join the exalted company of just five men at Augusta National, of all places. As Woods put it: 'Where better could you ask for than to complete it here?'.
Neymar has gone off the boil since the turn of the year and has not scored for the leaders in La Liga since hitting the opener in a 5-0 win at home to Levante on February 15. The 23-year-old looked particularly out of sorts in Sunday's 1-0 victory at Celta Vigo and spent much of the game locked in an unseemly battle with Celta fullback Hugo Mallo.
Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear the sack after Manchester City's title hopes suffered a big blow at Crystal Palace. Palace piled the pressure on the Chilean with an outstanding win.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will line up at Augusta for the Masters this week but in contrasting form. The world No 1 - now 103 places above Woods in the world rankings - is the favourite to win the Masters next week and claim his first green jacket.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo. Neymar's last league goal came against Levante on February 15 and he has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games in a Barcelona shirt. Fortune, speaking on Sky Sports, said during the interval of Barcelona's match at Balaidos: 'Neymar has not been himself for the last couple of weeks. You expect Neymar to at least hit the target [when he shoots at goal]. His body language does not look right.'
Charlie Adam scores one of the best goals of Premier League era as Stoke City lose to Chelsea. The Scotland international picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned Blues goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois with a sensational 66-yard effort. Adam's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour.
Chelsea captain John Terry hails Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players. Eden Hazard inspired the Blues to a 2-1 win over Stoke. Hazard tucked home a penalty to put Chelsea in front before Charlie Adam equalised.
RaRaheem Sterling first came to the attention of the wider world in a TV documentary charting Brendan Rodgers’ early days in charge of Liverpool in the summer of 2012. In footage from a pre-season training session, the Liverpool manager is seen rebuking Sterling — then a talented but largely untried teenager — for answering him back.
Paul Casey desperate to return to Ryder Cup. Paul Casey insists he is desperate to play in the Ryder Cup again, even though he looks unlikely to rejoin the European Tour in time to earn qualifying points this season. Only Tour members can play on the team and Phoenix-based Casey gave up his membership in January to concentrate on his game.
Derby County 2-2 Watford. This felt a heavy blow for Derby County. Looking on course for a first victory in seven Championship games against the 10 men of Watford, they conceded an equaliser.
Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara under pressure as his side fall to a 2-0 defeat by Celtic. It is just 12 weeks since bold claims were emanating from an ultra-confident United dressing room that this season could yield an unprecedented domestic Treble. 'I believe we can win all three trophies,' trumpeted goalkeeper Radoslaw Cierzniak. 'People might laugh at me but maybe in May we will have won the league and cups.'
Edinson Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic amid reports the pair do not get on. Paris Saint-Germain forward Cavani has rejected rumours that he does not have a good relationship with team-mate Ibrahimovic. Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship and earlier in the season coach Laurent Blanc even said they must improve their partnership on the pitch.
Nick Nick Abendanon was perhaps the only happy Englishman at Stade Marcel Michelin on Saturday night. Clermont Auvergne’s former Bath full back ran amok as the Premiership champions were thrashed 37-5.
Video shows guide lying down on his back and kicking his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus in the distance. In a video posted online by YouTube user Ratbag Nomad, one man, referred to as Australianwidefishingguide, shows tourists how it's done. Emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia.
Andre Ayew: Tottenham register interest in Marseille star. Tottenham have registered their interest in Andre Ayw. The forward is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season.
Sher Sherwood and Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham and remain close ahead of their showdown. Whatever happens between Sherwood's Aston Villa and Ramsey's Queens Park Rangers, the three men will remain firm friends.
Harry Kane insists Tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for Champions League. Mauricio Pochettino might have given up hope of Tottenham qualifying for the Champions League, but Harry Kane won’t hear any of it. The 21-year-old, who became the youngest Premier League captain this season, still retains belief they can gatecrash the top-four party.
Ra Raheem Sterling should focus on his football rather than his contract, according to Harry Redknapp. Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer.
Ra Raheem Sterling 'never once' told his manager Brendan Rodgers that he wants to leave Liverpool. Sterling gave an interview last week in which he suggested he was considering his future at the club.
Michael Michael Owen has warned Raheem Sterling that life after Liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be after the England youngster revealed this week that he had rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield. Owen, like Sterling, started his senior career at Liverpool but eventually moved on to Real Madrid.
Jose Mourinho: I would sell Raheem Sterling if he didn't want to play for Chelsea. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has fanned the flames of Sterling's contract stand-off with Liverpool by insisting he would sell any player who wanted to leave his club. Sterling's commitment to Liverpool is in doubt.
Olivier Giroud netted five times in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins last month as Wenger's side took all 12 points on offer. The Gunners are now a point behind second-placed Manchester City with eight games remaining.
Raheem Sterling’s decision to put off contract talks until the summer raises wider questions. No footballer has ever been late for kick-off because he was tied up negotiating a new contract. It isn’t the talks that are the distraction.
Roy Keane: Raheem Sterling should always look after No 1. Roy Keane would probably feel that Liverpool are quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has made clear his own approach to future contract negotiations with their players.
Dove asks women to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook. The beauty brand then took the notes away with them. Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script.
Twin 18-month-old boys were pronounced dead at a hospital after being pulled from a canal in Arizona. The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally.
George H.W. Bush in good health as he accompanies Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at US Open. Former US president George H.W. Former U.S. president George H.W.
Imam Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat on Wednesday morning in Wembley. The imam, described as 'the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet', had gun wounds to the chest.
Gang of fly-tippers dump 40 tonnes of industrial waste at the side of the road in Suffolk village. The mounds of rubbish, described by one police officer as the worst he has seen in almost 30 years, will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up. It is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the industrial waste in Walsham-le-Willows, between Eye and Bury St Edmunds.
Council chiefs were left red-faced after a leaflet promoting recycling... could not itself be recycled. The leaflet – attached to green bins – told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them.
Horse Cody somehow found himself stuck in the bog in Belvedere, south-east London. Crew members climbed into the watery ditch as they tried to ease the distressed animal to safety on Friday afternoon.
O'Meara makes Masters cut for first time in 10 years. Mark O’MearA rolled back the years with one of the standout rounds of the day to make the cut at the Masters for the first time since 2001. The 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second, including three in four holes on the front nine.
Yeovil Town relegated in Paul Sturrock’s first game in charge. The 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to Conference side Torquay before jumping ship to join League One basement side Yeovilla on Thursday. Yeovill Town were relegated for the second consecutive season.
Manchester City apologise to fans after Crystal Palace coaches miss kick-off. Manchester City have apologised to supporters and promised to hand out ticket refunds after coaches they laid on for free were delayed and missed the kick off at Crystal Palace. The Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer.
Robbie Fowler names his Premier League Legends XI. Robbie Fowler is already among the names of the best Premier League strikers of all time, with only five players scoring more than his 162 goals. The former Liverpool, Leeds and Manchester City hitman broke on to the scene.
Perth Glory supporters, who set off a series of flares, will face the prospect of a five year ban after the club slumped to a 3-0 defeat to Sydney FC. Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during which a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg.
John Singleton’s breathtaking beach house on the Central Coast. Advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales. Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club, the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean. Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007, and the agents expect bidding for the May 9 auction to will kick off at $3.5 million, reports Property Observer.
Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014. It's a sport with a truly global reach as these images of children, amateurs and professional stars playing cricket show. The stunning shots make up the short-list for the Wisden–MCC Cricket Photograph Of The Year 2014, which was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis.
Autistic man's body found floating in creek near golf course. Eagle Scout Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17, but didn't come back. His family started a frantic search in the local community.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes. Footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard, as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool.
Everton will look to extend Darron Gibson's contract this summer as he recovers from the latest injury setback of his career. Roberto Martinez confirmed on Thursday that the Republic of Ireland international will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage, but expects him to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery.
Roberto Martinez has ruled Darron Gibson out of the rest of the season after he underwent tests on his damaged metatarsal. The Everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over Queens Park Rangers last month but Martinez was hopeful Gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign.
Police have blasted motorists who played an impromptu game of football on the M25 after becoming stuck in a major traffic jam. Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions four and five in Ortford, Kent was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist.
Bradley Neil struggles to recover from six-over-par round at the Masters. It was not the role Bradley Neil would have wanted — the job of being the boy reminding Augusta just how brilliant Jordan Spieth’s opening had been. For while the 21-year-old American was chewing up golf's most spectacular course, the teenager from Scotland was suffering the role in reverse.
Bradley Neil admits he needs a 'kick up the a***' after missing the cut at the Masters. Bradley Neil admitted he needed to give himself a 'kicking up the arse' after failing to make the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National. The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par.
Danny Willett gave a rules official, who had been in his line-of-sight, a verbal blast which was clearly audible to spectators surrounding the 17th green at the Masters on Thursday. Englishman Willett vented his anger after his second shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface and left the preacher's son facing a bogey or worse.
Rory McIlroy has plenty of work to do in his pursuit of the legendary green jacket but he will have to remain patient in his bid to complete a career grand slam at Augusta. The world No 1 recovered.
Andy Murray ready to face Novak Djokovic in Miami Open final. The British No1 marries Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday and, win or lose on Sunday, he will be heading straight to the airport to get back and focus on what lies ahead next weekend. Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears next Saturday.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff: 'There is no reason to panic'. From out of the blue, it was the scarlet red of Ferrari that was back on the top step of the podium for the first time in almost two years last time out in Malaysia, pushing reigning champion Lewis Hamilton and team-mate Nico Rosberg down to second and third. Mercedes boss says there is no need to panic as he insists the champions will just keep calm and carry on. 'It's not been a perfect start to my sixth year with the team and I'm determined to turn that around.'
Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes are again likely to lead the way in China this weekend. Fears of another season of domination from Mercedes were blown away by a shock, yet deserved victory for Sebastian Vettel last time out in Malaysia.
Croft signs new Leicester deal despite injury woes. Tom Croft has received a huge lift at the start of his latest long journey back to fitness by securing a new deal at Leicester. The club future of the England and Lions flanker appeared to be in doubt last month when his cruel injury jinx struck again.
Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend, scraping through 12-11 against Racing Metro. Most alarming of the defeats was Clermont's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints, whose director of rugby Jim Mallinder admitted the result points to a chasm between the English and French leagues.
Glasgow Warriors have been placed on high alert after it was revealed Richie Gray will be sold to the highest bidder if Castres are relegated from the Top 14. His club have been on a dismal run of form and are second bottom with just 38 points after 21 games.
Poynton signs new one-year contract extension. Derbyshire wicketkeeper Tom Poyton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury by signing a new contract extension. The former England Under-19 international missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died.
Rangers have promised to probe claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges. The Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous Gers board in January.
Cristiano Ronaldo will start for Real Madrid against Eibar on Saturday after his yellow card for diving in Wednesday's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano was rescinded. The Portuguese was booked after being brought down by Rayo defender Antonio Amaya inside the box.
Manchester United sit above 'noisy neighbours' Manchester City in the Premier League after having played the same number of games. Following City's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday night they now trail Louis van Gaal's side by a point ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's record at Paris Saint-Germain: How did he reach 100 goals in less than three years?. In true Ibrahimovic style, he was not content with simply breaking the 100 goals barrier for PSG on Wednesday evening. The 33-year-old added another two to make it a hat-trick on the night and take his total tally to 102 goals.
Sergio Aguero says the experience of scoring in a Manchester derby is unparalleled. The Argentine has scored six goals in derby meetings with United.
Lazio defender Mauricio captures the Lazio fans celebrations via selfie stick. In-form Lazio will have an extra spring in their step when they take to the Stadio Olimpico pitch to face Empoli on Sunday. The Roman outfit clinched a spot in the final of the Coppa Italia on Wednesday with 1-0 victory over Napoli.
Real Madrid news: James Rodriguez 'worth his weight in gold' as AS focus on Cristiano Ronaldo appeal. Real Madrid midfielder James Rodriguez has been described as 'the jewel in Real Madrid's crown' and praised for his influence in the No 10 role after scoring 13 goals and laying on 12 more for his team-mates so far this season. According to the Madrid-based publication, Los Blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when Rodriguez is in the side compared to just 58 per cent when he's been missing.
Eden Hazard believes Chelsea have the Premier League title in their grasp. Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner - either side of Charlie Adam's 65-yard strike -.
Pep Guardiola was in no mood to celebrate as Bayern Munich secured their place in the semi-final of the German Cup with a 5-3 penalty shoot-out victory over Bayer Leverkusen. The Munich boss instead admitted his concern at the scoring touch which appears to have deserted his side in recent games, with the German champions only finding the net once in their last three matches.
Hector Bellerin has enjoyed a superb breakthrough year at Arsenal this season, so much so that he is already being tipped for a move back to La Liga leaders Barcelona. The 20-year-old left the Catalan giants four years ago as he pursued a faster route to first-team football, eventually opting for Arsenal in the Premier League.
PSG's David Luiz sporting a new hairdo in the style of a man bun. The PSG defender is out for at least four weeks after scans revealed that the 27-year-old suffered a torn hamstring in Sunday's 3-2 win at Ligue 1 title rivals Marseille. And it seems that boredom has already kicked into the usually jovial Brazilian.
Indian Premier League 2015: Who are the players to watch out for?. It's T20 season on the sub-continent and the world's best players are about the pad up for the latest edition of the IPL, cricket's most exciting and richest domestic tournament.
Christian Benteke's hat-trick secures vital point for Aston Villa against QPR. Here, Sportsmail's Laurie Whitwell takes us through the player ratings from Tuesday night's match at Villa Park. Aston Villa 4-4-2 (diamond) Brad Guzan 6. Could not have done much with any of the goals and caught most that came his way.
Tim Sherwood has branded Aston Villa's stars 'icing on the cake players' — urging them to toughen up before they host Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday night. Villa's mini-revival has been halted by back-to-back defeats and Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert their relegation crisis.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby start for Arsenal Under 21s against Stoke. Arsenal's midfield trio have all been handed starts for the club's U21s game against Stoke City on Tuesday night as they continue their respective recoveries from injury. Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s against Stoke City on Tuesday night. Arsenal's young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium in a U21 Premier League clash on Tuesday. The trio have been out of action since November after breaking their foot against Manchester United.
Liam Treadwell booked for Monbeg Dude ride in Crabbie’s Grand National. Liam treadwell has been booked for the ride on Michael Scudamore-trained monbeg dude in Saturday's Crabbies Grand National. The ride on former Welsh National winner was available because his two regular jockeys have already got rides.
Alastair Cook insists he is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm. England can only hope their Test captain has benefited indeed.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback. Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live on Sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen.
Kevin Pietersen has hinted the first chapter of his county comeback could be streamed live to fans. The divisive batsman has re-signed for Surrey this summer in an attempt to win an unlikely England recall.
Nabil Fekir's father insists Arsenal would be the ideal destination for his son, rather than a move to Manchester City. The young Lyon star has been attracting interest from Premier League clubs but the frontman's father Mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at Man City.
Barcelona's 1-0 La Liga victory against Celta Vigo on Sunday evening featured one of the most bizarre incidents of the season so far. With the score at.
Manuel Pellegrini is confident UEFA’s punishment for breaching financial fairplay regulations will be lifted this summer which would allow them to bid for stellar names like Raheem Sterling, Gareth Bale, Kevin de Bruyne and Ross Barkley. Manchester City have been limited to a net spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows - they spent £25m bringing Wilfried Bony in from Swansea in January.
Chelsea 2-1 Stoke: Loic Remy and Eden Hazard step up to the plate. Jose Mourinho had placed the Barclays Premier League’s joint-top goalscorer on standby for this match, insisting he would only turn to Diego Costa if absolutely necessary. As it turned out, the emergency glass needed to be broken.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to claim her second ANA Inspiration crown after a dramatic end to the LPGA's opening major of the year in California. The American looked set to finish in the chasing pack until she carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow American Lewis on nine under par.
Derby County want Burnley manager Sean Dyche to replace Steve McClaren this summer, regardless of which division they are in. Dyche, 43, has won admirers for his plain speaking and organising a competitive team on a restricted budget.
Jordan Henderson is not ready to give up on Liverpool's Champions League hopes despite an eight-point gap to Manchester United in fourth place. The 24-year-old scored a penalty at the Emirates on Saturday, but it was not enough as Liverpool fell to a 4-1 thrashing at the hands of Arsenal to leave their top-four hopes in tatters.
Tim Sherwood and Ramsey know each other inside out. They also know how their careers could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at Villa Park.
Darren Darren Bent could still return to Aston Villa in the summer even after his contract is allowed to run down at the club which cast him aside. Bent was out of favour with sacked manager Paul Lambert and Rams boss Steve McClaren took the chance to add the experienced striker to his line-up on loan until the end of the campaign.
Tim Sherwood has urged Aston Villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals QPR the club's 'biggest game' for years. They host Rangers on Tuesday.
Sean Dyche says he remains committed to the task in hand at Turf Moor, though. The Clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with Tottenham but remain fixed in the relegation zone.
Chelsea defender Gary Cahill has backed captain John Terry to shrug off a hostile reception when they head to Loftus Road to face QPR on Sunday. It was on the same ground in 2011 that Terry was caught up in a race controversy with ex-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand.
Clint Hill reckons the pressure is on QPR's relegation rivals. Chris Ramsey's side are still in the relegation zone.
ChrisChris Ramsey believes his friend and neighbour Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League. But the QPR boss will be pulling no punches when he clashes with his former Tottenham colleague on Tuesday.
TonyTony Fernandes spoke of his despair after his Queens Park Rangers team twice threw away a lead against Aston Villa. Christian Benteke's hat-trick earned a draw for Villa, with his last goal coming just seven minutes before full-time.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho refuses to look beyond Sunday's London derby against QPR. Jose Mourinho will play Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas against Queens Park Rangers, despite the threat of the duo missing the crunch clashes against Arsenal and Manchester United. The pair are both just one booking away from suspension.
Wallace, the Chelsea defender on-loan at Vitesse Arnhem, has been released without charge after being questioned by police on ‘suspicion of a sexual offence’. The 20-year-old, who has been loaned out to Fluminense and Inter Milan since he signed for Chelsea in January 2013, was with the squad for their trip to Excelsior and fined by the Dutch club.
Eight players who could well be playing in the Premier League next season regardless of whether their club goes up or not. Eight players - one each from Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich - that could well play in the top flight next season. Here are eight players from those clubs who will be playing next season.
Melissa Wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history. On Saturday, at the 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race, the women’s crews will battle the same Thames course as the men, who will follow an hour later. After decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators, they get equal billing.
Oxford University Women's Boat Race team rescued from Thames by RNLI. Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox, who were training for the Boat Race which - along with the men's race - takes place on Saturday, April 11. After the rowers were returned safely to Putney, the sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford's base.
Wasps to appeal Nathan Hughes ban. Wasps will appeal against the three-week ban issued to Nathan Hughes, but their protest will not enable the back row to play in Sunday's Champions Cup quarter-final against Toulon. The club have said in a statement they will appeal on the grounds the incident that left Northampton wing George North unconscious.
George Northampton wing George North has been ordered by a neurologist to take at least one month off after suffering his third concussion in four months. The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April and could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if specialist consultants are not convinced that he is ready to return to action.
North Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday. The 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try.
Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8. Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as Hull FC made it back-to-back wins for the first time since last June. Jamie Shaul went over late on.
Leeds Rhinos 26-12 Castleford Tigers. Leeds showed they are in good shape to cope with Kevin Sinfield's retirement as they claimed a derby victory over Castleford in front of a sell-out crowd at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle.
Jacob Fairbank is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines after fracturing his ankle and suffering ligament damage. The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday and subsequent scans have left him facing an extensive rehabilitation period.
Jonathan Trott fails twice with the bat in England's warm-up match against West Indies in St Kitts. England gave what appeared to be a sneak preview of their side for the first Test as their low-key warm up week meandered to a close. Their four days of cricket have been desperately short of competitive edge and they at least ensured each of their likely team saw some batting action.
St Kitts & Nevis Invitational XI v England: Ben Stokes praises Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott. Stokes starred with the ball on the first day of England's warm-up match, but it was the runs of Alastairs Cook and Jonny Trott that pleased him most. St Kitt's and Nevis invitational XI vs England: Test prospects boosted by Cook and Trott's partnership.
Richie Benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. The 84-year-old talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour.
Jose Mourinho praises Loic Remy after Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho praised the professionalism and scoring ability of Remy. Remy scored Chelsea's winner against Stoke in the game at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Cameron Thomas Philp: 'Dumbest criminal of the week' caught spitting on police van. Cameron Thomas (pictured) Philp was passing a crime scene at Highgate Hill in Brisbane on May 3, 2013 when he graffitied and spat on the side of the vehicle. He was fined $300 but avoided a conviction.
Strictly Come Dancing's Louis Smith shows off his toned torso in topless selfies. The Olympic gymnast, 25, is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless snaps on Instagram. He's a fitness fanatic and avid selfie taker. And now, it appears the athlete is gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the 'Belfie', Kim Kardashian.
Cressida Bonas says she is more than happy being single following split from Prince Harry. She was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with Prince Harry. But now, as her acting career looks set.
Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, has released a video disputing claims that all white officers treat suspects 'on the basis of their color'. He explains how he was pulling out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday, to make a left turn, when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane, which was full.
Kevin Pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate Michael Vaughan as the right man to 'change the brand of cricket currently being played' in England. Ten years on from his career-defining captaincy in the 2005 Ashes, Vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of England cricket.
Kevin Pietersen can resurrect his Test career and prove axed England boss Paul Downton was wrong to sack him last year, according to Chris Tremlett. Surrey paceman Tremlett believes England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Downtton's departure on Wednesday night opens the door for controversial batsman Pietersen's return.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking on Wednesday of Managing Director Paul Downton. Stewart, who played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director.
Tottenham confident Kyle Walker has not broken his foot. Tottenham are confident that Kyle Walker will not break his foot following a scan on Tuesday. There were fears the England defender may have fractured his foot after a collision with Kieran Trippier.
Arsene Wenger wins Manager of the Month award for 14th time. March was an impressive month for Arsenal as four Premier League wins from four cemented their place in the Champions League places. And the Frenchman's reward for their good form was another manager of the month award to sit on his mantelpiece.
Francis Coquelin is determined to take his chance at Arsenal and claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of club legend Patrick Vieira. The Frenchman has thrived in the centre of Arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at Championship side Charlton earlier in the season to earn plaudits for his robust performances.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood will move for Chris Ramsey if the Queens Park Rangers manager leaves the London club this summer. The pair forged a close bond during their time together at Tottenham and Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship.
Pregnant mother-of-three shot dead by Idaho police after she brandished a knife at two officers. Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother of three daughters was killed last July after she was shot by two Idaho police officers outside of a hospital in Sandpoint on the evening of July 8, 2014. The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself.
Egyptian officials left an African football event early after they were offended by a belly dancing performance. Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo. But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz, Egyptian Minister of Youth and Sports, stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance, it was claimed.
Mother-of-three Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, who then turned the gun on himself on Saturday night, according to police in Tulare, California. Police also discovered a 44-year-old man who had also been shot.
IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana pit crew member hit by car. Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tires and fuel. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg.
Dr Seuss fans flock to Alaska to visit this 12-cabin-high structure that looks like one of his illustrations. This towering structure 130 miles from Anchorage was once a two-story home, built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees. Now it teeters at an impressive 12 storys high.
Children who share iPads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who don’t, researchers claim. Courtney Blackwell, at Northwestern University in the US, found that, in tests, kindergarten children who shared iPads in classes over an academic year significantly outscored their peers who were in classes that had no iPads or in which each student had their own device.
Rockies pitcher John Axford takes time off from baseball to care for son bitten by rattlesnake. Right-handed reliever John (pictured) Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies game on Sunday. His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue.
Man dies after sports plane crashes onto motorway in Germany. One man has died after a sports plane crashed onto a motorway near Hatten, Oldenburg, shortly after taking off from a nearby airfield. The male pilot was killed in the crash, and three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital, local police said.
Vincent Kompany insists FFP protects elite clubs rather than helping teams avoid going bust. The Premier League champions were last year deemed to have breached FFP regulations.
Secret cameras at an east London boozer showed that men are more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues than the weekend's football matches. One man in the Lord Nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman.
Three former England rugby internationals on a charity expedition to the North Pole continued with their trip despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out. Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt.
Richie Benaud's wife Daphne politely declines state funeral for 'Godfather of cricket'. The wife of legendary cricket commentator, Richie benaud, has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family, indicating the 'no fuss' approach is the way the former Test captain would have wanted it. The private service for Benaud, who died on Friday aged 84, will take place this week.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal blamed himself for Manchester United finishing the game with 10 men, using all his substitutes before Michael Carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. The United boss said: 'It was of course an error from me that I give too much minutes to my substitutes.'
Manchester United crushed Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford and sparked a string on viral images on Twitter. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for City but Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all struck.
Alan Stubbs hailed the bravery of his Hibs players after they ruined Hearts’ Easter Road title party with a 2-0 derby win. He saw his men hold on to second place in the Championship with a second straight win.
Teacher Diane Blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in December last year. In a later incident, the 'clerical worker' at Dayspring Academy in Tampa, Florida, allegedly had sex with another student at his house before school. No Dayspring students were involved, the spokesman said.
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East. At about 10.30pm on Saturday night, police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area on McPherson Street in Botany.
Four men caught on CCTV robbing a service station and packing $38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover. The group of men, all wearing hooded jumpers, gloves and masking their faces, broke into the service station on Burwood Highway, Tecoma in Melbourne's outer east on April 2. However they struggled to fit their large loot into the boot and lost about a third of it as they dragged the stash alongside the car during their getaway. They are all wanted by Victoria Police for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area.
Clare Verrall was out with her french bulldog Dutchy on Wednesday evening near her home in Prahran, in Melbourne, when a man jumped out at her from behind some bins. He attacked her and she was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe from the altercation.
George Gittoes wins Sydney Peace Prize. Australian artist George Gittoes, pictured at his studio in Bundeena - south of Sydney in 2007, has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize. The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world.
Baby girl finds the ultimate snuggle buddy: Boo the husky dog. Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand shows lions interacting with visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car. The video, which was captured by Ekant Veer, 35, an associate professor at the University of Canterbury, also shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars. Scroll down for video The video shows the animals interacting with the visitors who are caged in the metal cage.
Three people have been hospitalised after two planes dramatically collided on a runway, when one of the aircraft plummeted to the ground after issuing a may-day warning. The crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday.
Jose Mourinho has thickened up his Chelsea midfield for Sunday's west London derby at QPR. The Chelsea manager has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in front of the back four.
Sebastian Sebastian Vettel is determined to ensure the return of a long-standing ritual at Ferrari is not a one-off this season. Fresh from Ferrari's first victory in 35 grands prix in Malaysia 11 days ago, Vettel returned to a hero's welcome at the team's factory at Maranello last week.
Man, 73, charged with murder of 95-year-old mother at her home. Police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered in Doncaster Lane, Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent on Thursday night. Although the body has not yet been formally identified, she is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell.
Dave Doggett warns of new breed of hooliganism in football as older men try to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals. A football club chairman believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to re-live the 1980's by arranging 'gangs' prior to games. Dave Doggett said violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their 'Gangs'. 'It sounds pathetic but unfortunately it
Ladies' Day at Aintree: Fashion and drunken frolics once again take centre stage. It has long been a highlight of the racing calender - and the ladies of Liverpool certainly didn't disappoint with fashion and drunken frolics once again taking centre stage. Trotting into Aintree in a collection of floral, flamboyant and eye-catching numbers, thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit for the occasion.
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder who has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes. A daredevil risked life and limb for the opportunity to be named World’s Most Talented by jumping over a sports car that travelled towards him at 60mph.
Russian fighter jet 'aggressively' intercepts U.S. RC-135U plane over Poland. In a maneuver with ominous echoes of the Cold War, the Pentagon claims. Filing an official complaint to Russia, the State Department alleges a Russian SU-27 Flanker cut into its path.
LA Galaxy 2-1 Seattle Sounders: Alan Gordon scores first-half winner as Galaxy move off the foot of the Western Conference. Alan Gordon scored a first half winner for LA Galaxy as they got over their nightmare start to the season against Seattle Sounders. Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury but despite the absence of their Irish designated player - who was sat in the stands alongside David Beckham.
Eden Hazard is reaching the incredible standards of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo with his 'dancing feet', says Graeme Souness. The Chelsea star reached 100 Premier League appearances for the Blues at QPR on Sunday.
Jordan Spieth, Justin Rose tee off at 2:55pm BST for third round at Augusta. The 21-year-old American holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds, and he will be joined in Saturday's final pairing by Charley Hoffman, who is on nine under par. Leading Brits Justin Rose and Paul Casey.
Aljaz Bedene wins first match since becoming a British citizen in qualifying for Casablanca Open. The 25-year-old claimed a 6-3 6-2 victory over Maxime Chazal of France on the clay in Morocco. Ranked 83rd in the world, Bedene is now the British number two behind Andy Murray, and described his first match as a British player as 'awesome'.
Lewis Hamilton fastest in first practice for Chinese GP. Lewis Hamilton suggested Mercedes will be back in control for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the biggest surprises for many a Formula One season.
Keanu Reeves visits Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes. The 50-year-old grilled Red Bull's chief technical officer Adrian Newey - who has been a part of ten world championship wins in the past - and checked out pit stops during his time at the factory with Sky Sports F1. He's a petrolhead!
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end. Fernando Alonso, whose youthful brilliance usurped even Michael Schumacher in the autumn of his career, considered a life beyond Formula One. This full-blooded driver, who has proved himself probably the best of his generation during 15 dazzling yet sometimes turbulent seasons, said McLaren would be his last team.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud. Build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the Silverstone-based marque.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo trains with a martial artist ahead of Chinese Grand Prix. It's been a tough 18 months for Red Bull since their dominant four years at the top of Formula One ended in 2013. The team were well off.
Tony McCoy wins Aintree Hurdle after Arctic Fire falls at the final hurdle. Tony McCoy gave a bumper crowd what they were hoping for as he steered Jezki to a thumping victory in the Grade One AINTREE HurdLE. Having been out of luck with his opening three rides – the closest he got was third place in the Betfred Bowl on Holywell – McCoy broke his duck on the Jessica Harrington-trained gelding.
Saracens flanker Jacques Burger cited for alleged foul play against Racing Metro in Paris. European Professional Club Rugby said that Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud midway through the match at Stade Yves-du-Manoir, which the Londoners won 12-11. Saracen flanker has been cited for an offence during last Sunday's Champions Cup quarter-final game.
Harlequins sign Tim Swiel on full-time contract. Swiel, 21, spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term before heading back to the Durban-based Sharks in South Africa. Swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell.
Charlie Hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract he has been striving for over the past decade. Only it is not with one of the 18 teams that make up our domestic game.
Shai Hope, Carlos Brathwaite included in West Indies squad for first Test against England. Uncapped duo Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwatwaite have been included in a 14-man West Indies squad for the first Test against England. The islanders have cut six names from their first training camp under new coach Phil Simmons, who began work last week.
Steven Finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into England's Test squad. The Middlesex seamer admitted he finds it 'baffling' he faces criticism.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev convicted of 2013 Boston Marathon bombing. A federal jury found Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260. He kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the Boston courtroom.
Sir Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs on Wednesday, but their Team Sky team-mate Elia Viviani was not so fortunate. The Italian was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish in the cobbled classic, hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground, and went to hospital for x-rays.
Tim Sherwood warns Tottenham to keep pace with Harry Kane's rapid rise or risk losing him. On the eve of taking Aston Villa to White Hart Lane, Sherwood insisted his former club must improve at a similar rate to the England striker. Kane was handed his first Premier League start for Spurs by Sherwood 12 months ago.
Sunderland vs Crystal Palace: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need for Sunderland's home clash with Crystal Palace.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at Newcastle should he start the remaining seven matches of the campaign. The 31-year-old was the only United player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend's 1-0 defeat at Sunderland.
West Hammers boss Sam Allardyce has outlined his ambitions to qualify for the Europa League next season by ensuring that West Ham finish first in the Premier League Fair Play Table. The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for Europe, with England currently sitting third behind the Republic of Ireland and Netherlands.
Stuart McCall urges Rangers to show immediate response to first defeat of his tenure. Defiant Rangers boss urges his players to bounce back in Sunday’s home meeting with Raith Rovers. The Ibrox side crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season at Palmerston.
Ney Neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest Instagram offering certainly proves that. The scantily dressed Brazilian ace proves that his footballing brain never stops.
Manchester United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches - following the latest round of results. In fact the last time United won a derby at home was in 2011 when Wayne Rooney’s late spectacular acrobatic goal earned them a 2-1 victory.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini is braced for a ferocious derby clash at Old Trafford this weekend. The fading Barclays Premier League champions take on Manchester United on Sunday.
Bast Bastia president Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for French League (LFP) president Frederic Thiriez to step down after he did not come down to the pitch to shake the players' hands ahead of Saturday's League Cup final. 'If you want to be president of a League with 41 clubs instead of 42, you must go.'
Nogueira scores in stoppage time, Union beat NYC FC 2-1 for first win of the season. New York's Lloyd Sam scores in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the Red Bulls at high-flying DC United. Goalkeeper Bill Hamid blocked Sacha Kljestan's free kick, but the ball squirted away.
Lazio boss Stefano Pioli urges his players to keep their feet on the ground ahead of Empoli. Lazio are riding a seven-game winning streak in Serie A and won 1-0 at Napoli on Wednesday to reach their eighth Coppa Italia final. Senad Lulic's late goal gave Lazio a 2-1 aggregate win and set up a meeting with Juventus in the final.
Palermo defender Roberto Vitiello hopes the Sicilian outfit can improve its dismal form on the road starting on Sunday. The Islanders have not tasted victory away from home since November 2 when they won 2-0 at AC Milan.
Glenn Murray's humbling of Vincent Kompany at Selhurst Park on Monday night. There was poetic symmetry in Glenn Murray’s humbling by Manchester City defender Vincent Pique. Ten years ago this month, he humiliated another of the world's best defenders, World Cup and Champions League winner Gerard Pique.
Crystal Palace 2-1 Manchester City. Manchester City's grip on the Barclays Premier League title was loosened further after a controversial Glenn Murray goal put Crystal Palace on the way to a two-goal victory. Murray fired Palace ahead in the first half, despite both he and Scott Dann appearing to be offside.
Carlo Ancelotti faces midfield conundrum as Real Madrid look to keep up the pressure on leaders Barcelona. Real Madrid are four points behind Barcelona in the race for the La Liga title. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 rout of Granada on Sunday.
Fernando Hierro: Real Madrid can win the Champions League for a second successive season. Club legend and assistant coach believes Real Madrid are capable of winning a second consecutive Champions League - as it's in the Spanish sides DNA. Carlo Ancelotti's men meet city rivals Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals.
Cristiano Ronaldo splashed across every Spanish sports paper after five goals in one game. Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday to keep their title hopes alive. Ronaldo's five-goal haul included an eight-minute hat-trick, while Karim Benzema netted a brace and Gareth Bale also got on the scoresheet.
Gareth Bale treated himself to a Sunday evening BBQ after his earlier exploits had helped Los Blancos on their way to a sensational victory. The 25-year-old took to Twitter after the victory to show off his sunny Sunday supper following the win.
Sam Allardyce tells David Sullivan not to judge West Ham's season on results alone. West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Barclays Premier League since the turn of the year but Sam allardyce feels the season as a whole has been a success. The club have already beaten last year’s total by two points with seven games to spare.
Manchester United vs Manchester City: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling took a trip down memory lane as the 25-year-old went back to his old judo club. Photos of the visit, during which he presented some members with replica United jerseys, were posted on the International Judo Federation's official Twitter account.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praises Marouane Fellaini's resurrection. Manchester United have won five league games in a row and are in third place, a point ahead of Manchester City for Sunday's derby. The big Belgian is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby. The two sides are locked in a battle with Arsenal for the second automatic Champions League qualification place.
QPR vs. Chelsea: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news. Here is all the information you need for QPR's home clash with Chelsea.
Jose Mourinho hails Chelsea's consistency as they bid to wrap up wire-to-wire Premier League victory. Jose Mourinho has lauded his side's consistency, with a hint of caution, as his side bid to win the Premier League. The Blues are seven points clear with eight matches remaining.
ChrisChris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea. Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win.
Kaka hits the gym as Orlando City prepare for Portland Timbers clash. He might be the biggest name plying his trade in Major League Soccer, but Kaka isn't resting laurels as Orlando City adjust to life in the Eastern Conference. In a bid to help his side arrest their run of three games without a win, the Brazilian hit the gym.
Bristol City will become the first Football League club to win promotion this season should they beat Bradford on Tuesday night. The League One leaders managed to come away from second-placed Preston North End unscathed, drawing 1-1 thanks to Aaron Wilbraham’s equaliser after Jermaine Beckford had opened the scoring just before the hour.
Bristol City 1-0 Swindon Town. Steve Cotterill could be just a week away from putting Bristol City back into the Championship. The 50-year-old needs just two more wins to achieve the fourth promotion.
Wigan Athletic boss Gary Caldwell unveiled as new manager. Wigan chairman David Sharpe is adamant the decision to axe Malky Mackay in favour of rookie boss Caldwell less than 24 hours later was the right call. Struggling Latics moved on to their third manager of the season on Tuesday.
Hibernian 2-0 Hearts: Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui seal derby victory. Jason Cummings celebrates after scoring the opening goal of the game as Hibernians claim their first Edinburgh derby victory of the season. Hibs claimed their first derby victory in the Championship as goals from Jason Cummings (left), Farid el alagui (centre) and Liam Fontaine sealed a vital win in the race for second place.
Dani Alves set to leave Barcelona this summer after rejecting club's final contract offer. Alves has enjoyed seven successful years at Barcelona, winning four Spanish titles and the Champions League twice. But the 31-year-old has been unable to agree a new deal with the Catalan club.
Dani Alves offered new Barcelona deal, agent says. The full-back's contract expires in the summer with Manchester United and Liverpool among a number of Europe's top clubs keeping tabs on the Brazil international's availability. Santana has revealed there is a deal on the table from the Spanish giants offering to extend the 31-year-old's contract at the Nou Camp.
Team Sky's Geraint Thomas finishes 14th in incident-packed Tour of Flanders as Norwegian Alexander Kristoff wins sprint finish with Niki Terpstra. Thomas, looking to become only the second Briton to win the event after Tom Simpson in 1961, finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap on the likes of Kristoff. Thomas was one of the favourites to claim the title following his recent victory in E3 Harelbeke and third-place finish at the Gent-Wevelgem sprint classic. He was in contention for much of Sunday's race as Team Sky set the pace in the
Alan Pardew jokes Glenn Murray has a 'bionic' knee and hopes the striker can continue to torment Premier League defences. Crystal Palace striker Glenn Murray missed the majority of last season after rupturing a cruciate knee ligament as Palace won promotion to the Premier League via the play-offs in 2013. The 31-year-old has netted five goals in five games, including in last Monday's defeat of Manchester City.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, is seen in the 50-second clip captured on a banned mobile phone as he dances outside his cell with other inmates at Coldingley prison in Surrey. He clutches a glass of the homemade illegal brew in the clip, which also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge.
Pensioners are seven times more likely to develop serious skin cancer today than they were 40 years ago, research shows. Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago.
Retired engineer, Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum - when the star is at its most active during its 11 year cycle. The amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near High Wycombe, including sunspots, solar prominences, coronal loops and solar flares.
Train speeds along the 9km long electrified track, which leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively. Opening in a tunnel built into a Swiss mountain, the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers. A video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe, the Jungfrau.
Monkey snatches banana from tourist before slapping her GoPro. A cheeky monkey was captured on camera snatching a banana from a female tourist in the Thai town of Kanchanaburi. The monkey approaches the woman, who holds a banana, with its outstretched hands.
Steve Harmison is doing a fine job as Ashington AFC manager. It may be a far cry from an opening day of an Ashes Test in Sydney or a tour date in St Lucia, but former England bowler Steve Harmison seems to be doing fine job with Ashington AFC. After shocking the sporting world by taking the job with the Northern League Division One side in the ninth tier of English football, the local lad, 36, has now won seven on the spin with his club side.
Louis van Gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning Man United into Champions League. Van Gaal, after trying what seems like a million combinations, has found the shape that best makes use of the resources at his disposal.
Paul Casey: 'I was very relieved and now I am just so excited'. The 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the Masters next week told Sportsmail of his immense relief that he held on to claim the last spot. Paul Casey was at home in Arizona when the matter was decided last Sunday and admitted he went through all sorts of agonies as his Augusta fate swung back and forth.
Padraig Harrington rediscovers his mojo ahead of the Masters. No need to tell Padreig Harrington what a difference a year makes. Twelve months ago he stood on the same spot on the practice ground at the same tournament, the Houston Open, looking as crestfallen as I have ever seen him. Now look at him.
Derby 2-1 Wigan: Steve McClaren’s men back on track. Flanked by Johnny Russell and Will Hughes, Eric Steele jigged over to the travelling Derby supporters - the popular goalkeeping coach was in the mood to celebrate. After a first win in eight, they are back in this consuming promotion race and that six-week wobble is no longer.
Rotherham 2-1 Brighton: Matt Derbyshire gives Millers vital win. Rotheram claimed a vital win against Brighton to significantly boost their survival hopes and send foot-of-the-table Blackpool down. The game presented both sides with an opportunity to pull away.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. The 25-year-old opened the scoring in Saturday's 4-1 win over West Brom.
Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera has expressed his desire to remain at Old Trafford for years to come. The Spaniard has come through a testing first six months in English football.
Wolves substitute David Edwards races away in celebration after scoring a late winner. Edwards is congratulated by his Wolves team-mates following his 88th-minute winner
Brendan Rodgers has claimed there is no crisis at Anfield despite successive morale-sapping defeats by rivals Manchester United and Arsenal. Saturday's 4-1 defeat at the Emirates left Liverpool off the pace for the Champions League places.
ChelseaChelsea and Tottenham Hotspur missed out on the opportunity to narrow the gap to Under 21 league leaders Manchester United after playing out a goalless draw at Wheatsheaf Park. Spurs went into the.
Javier Hernandez is linked with a move to Orlando City after enduring a tough time on loan at Real Madrid. Hernandez would be a popular arrival with Orlando supporters but eight European sides are also interested.
Velez Sarsfield v Arsenal: Referee German Delfino under investigation. One of Argentina's top referees is under investigation and faces a possible ban after overturning a red card and penalty decision based on a television replay. Velez were left fuming after the penalty was overturned and Valencia was allowed to return to the field.
Bournemouth 4-2 Birmingham City: Charlie Daniels fires home from the edge of the box to seal the win and make it 3-2 to the Cherries. Charlie Daniels celebrates his 17th league goal of the season with Steve Cook (centre) and Callum Wilson (left) after scoring the equaliser. BOURNEMOUTH (4-4-2): Boruc; Francis, Cook, Elphick, Daniels; Ritchie, Surman, Arter, Fraser (Smith 56); Kermorgant (Pitman 87), Wilson (Jones 88). Subs not used:
Norwich City 2-0 Sheffield Wednesday: Bradley Johnson double sends Canaries into top two. Bradley Johnson's season to remember continued as Norwich City recorded a comfortable win over Sheffield Wednesday to move into the Sky Bet Championship's top two for the first time since October. The midfielder netted his 12th and 13th goals of the season.
Real Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas shows softer side by comforting a young fan who was hit by a wayward shot during his side's emphatic 9-1 win over Granada. Casillas handed the supporter his Real Madrid shirt during the half-time interval after previously making sure the injured fan was OK.
Former AFL star Ben Cousins leaves court with a smug smirk on his face following a morning spent in handcuffs and in police custody before he finally fronted court. Cousins smiled as he left Fremantle Magistrates Court, despite the magistrate labelling him 'a risk to the public' and warning him that he now faces a jail term for the'serious' offences he has committed.
Manchester City fans get free travel to Crystal Palace. Manchester City have laid on free coaches to take their supporters to London for Monday's Premier League clash with Crystal Palace. The reigning champions have shelled out for six coaches to transport around 3,000 people to Selhurst Park.
Ashley Young watches brother Lewis in action for Crawley. Manchester United winger Ashley Young was in attendance as Crawley Town took on Oldham Athletic in League One on Monday, watching his brother in action. The England international's younger sibling plays for the club.
Jordan Henderson is seeking a new contract worth £100,000 per week before committing his long-term future to Liverpool. The club's vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield but he is approaching the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract.
Malky Mackay sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months in charge. The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman David Sharpe after the Latics lost 2-0 at home against Derby County. Mackay was handed the job by former owner Dave Whelan back in November to a backdrop of an FA investigation.
Ipswich Town 2-1 Huddersfield Town. Mick McCarthy was feeling less vibrant than his team's bright orange strip after they blew a chance to climb into the play-off places. The Tractor Boys were caught cold by goals in the opening 30 minutes by Nahki Wells and James Vaughan.
Arsene Wenger admits he did not expect Arsenal's late charge for the top of the Barclays Premier League to be powered by Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin. The 20-year-old Spaniard scored his second Arsenal goal against Liverpool, on Saturday, a wonderful curling left-footer to break the deadlock and launch his team towards a 4-1 win.
Watford 2-1 Middlesbrough: Aitor Karanka’s men are destroyed. Another day, another baton change, another away defeat for MiddlesBrough. Aitor Karanka would surely have made his defenders walk home from Watford were it not for the probability they’d spend most of the journey travelling in circles.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo scored five, including a eight-minute hat-trick, as Real Madrid beat sorry Granada 9-1. Gareth Bale broke the deadlock and Carlo Ancelotti’s.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini believes the club may need to splash out again this summer to keep pace with their rivals. With hopes of retaining the Barclays Premier League crown looking increasingly forlorn, City have again failed to build on a title success.
Turkish airline crew investigated after letting captain Arda Turan into cockpit to congratulate team-mates. The crew of a Turkish airlines flight are being investigated after they allowed Turkish football team captain Arda Turan into the cockpit so he could use the tannoy to congratulate his team mates. He was celebrating after the team's 2-1 international friendly victory against Luxembourg.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez is a star-studded strike force that almost every team in the world would dearly love to have, but when the going gets tough, Barcelona turn to Jeremy Mathieu and Gerard Pique. The French centre-back flung himself through the air to reach Xavi's free kick at the back post, heading home from close range, finally breaching Celta Vigo's stern defence.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo: The clubs who have suffered the most at the hands of the Portuguese wonder. CRISTIANO RONALDO scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on Sunday afternoon.
Brendan Rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four and admitted this slide out of the elite will damage Liverpool in the transfer market. After selling Luis Suarez last summer and starting the campaign poorly, Liverpool recovered, only to lose their impetus after beating Manchester City a month ago.
Kevin Pietersen returns to Surrey nets for first time since resigning. It's the picture some England cricket fans have been waiting to see and others have been equally dreading: Kevin Pietersen back at Surrey. The 34-year-old returned to nets on Monday for the first time since re-signing for the county last month.
Juan Arango bites opponent's shoulder in a moment of madness. Club Tijuana star conjured memories Luis Suarez in his team's 4-3 defeat by Monterrey in the Mexican league - but it was not through prodigious scoring. The Venezuelan icon Arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of Jesus Zavela as his temper flared.
Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano celebrate Celta Vigo win in matching denim. Barcelona stars Neymar (left) and Dani (right) looked delighted following their vital win over Celta in La Liga - but their choice of matching denim was somewhat questionable. The flamboyant Brazilians all played their part in helping the Catalonian side return home with all three points.
Mamadou Sakho joins Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard in Paris. A day after Liverpool were heavily beaten 4-1 by Arsenal to all but end their hopes of another season in the Champions League, Sakho tweeted a picture of him alongside club captain Gerrard. 'We are coming!
Manchester United star Ander Herrera scores his side's opening goal against Aston Villa with his eyes shut. The Spanish midfielder appears to have his eyes closed as he strikes at Brad Guzan's goal.
Marseille 2-3 Paris St Germain. Whatever you call them, it's always something of a surprise when a game between the biggest and best teams in any country actually turns out to be a footballing classic.
Video shows ISIS destroying ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud with sledgehammers, drills and barrel bombs. The seven-minute expertly edited video, purportedly shows Islamic State destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins, completely obliterating the historic site. It follows other attacks on cultural heritage sites carried out by the Islamic State, which now holds a third of Iraq and neighboring Syria in its self-declared caliphate. 'This is yet another attack against the Iraqi people, reminding us that nothing is safe from the cultural cleansing under way in the country: it targets human lives, minorities, and is
Daredevil Nik Wallenda says he'll walk untethered on top of a 400-foot observation wheel in Orlando, Florida, this month. Wallenda said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat April 29. The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public on May 4.
Man sets bouncer on fire after he was kicked out of bar. Surveillance footage at Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie in Miami, Florida, shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders on Sunday night. According to Scripts Treasure Coast Newspapers, the man had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card.
Boy, 13, steals $25,000 from his own grandfather and hands out wads of notes to his school friends. The unnamed child from Medina, Ohio, gave out $100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend's house after school, where he also showered adults with cash, police said. The group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway.
Baby foxes found abandoned in cardboard box in car park. The newborn cubs were discovered by a woman passing the car park, who noticed the box sitting next to a clothing donation bin. When she peeped inside she saw seven baby foxes – thought to be only 10 days old – sitting together.
Liverpool fans arriving at Anfield ahead of Monday's Premier League clash between Liverpool and Newcastle will have noticed some considerable changes in the area. The club's stadium redevelopment is now well under way, and the latest look at Anfield shows that builders are pressing ahead with the task of expanding the Main Stand.
Camilla Kerslake suffers wardrobe malfunction as she arrives with England rugby skipper boyfriend Chris Robshaw at Olivier Awards. Wearing a daring, backless black dress, Camilla, 26, showed off more than she bargained for in her revealing floor-length gown. Despite being accompanied by Robshaw, who played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester.
Nigel de Jong's spectacular overhead kick that levelled for AC Milan against Sampdoria on Sunday night. The Dutch midfielder attempted the audacious shot following a poor corner clearance at the San Siro.
Jury selection has begun for the murder trial of teenager Chancey Luna accused of shooting Australian baseball player Chris Lane. If found guilty, 17-year-old Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release.
Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. During an episode of SBS's Heat in the Kitchen, Kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife Lela Radojkovic, who was carrying their first child, while filming at Sydney's Restaurant Balzac in 2004.
Elderly man bitten by crocodile at Clive Palmer's golf course. The 75-year-old man reportedly believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball near the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course at Port Douglas in Far North Queensland. The elderly man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile 'nipped' him, according to The Courier Mail. The victim received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf.
Deportivo La Coruna 1-1 Real Sociedad: Castro equalises in San Sebastian. Real Sociedad midfielder Gonzalo Castro scored one of the goals of the season but it wasn't enough as David Moyes' side had to settle for a share of the spoils in San Sebastian. After an evenly-contested opening half hour, SociedAD took the lead through a Xabi Prieto penalty strike in the 31st minute.
'women's tax'. A newly-released video has highlighted the shocking - and arguably discriminatory - price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men.
School district ordered to pay $225,000 to three girls bullied into sending nude pictures to boy who 'passed them around like baseball cards'. It marks the end of a six-year case, after the teenagers first reported their ordeal to officials at Clatskanie Middle School in Oregon - only to be told to'suck it up'..
Jordan Spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round. It worked out perfectly for Tiger Woods in 1997 but not so well for Rory McIlroy in 2011.
Eric Harris shot dead by reserve deputy who fired his Taser instead of his gun. In the footage, released by police, deputies are filmed chasing after Eric Harris, first by car then on foot, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2 after he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot. Once they catch up to Harris, they tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach.
Did Didier Drogba insists he will continue his playing career next season. The Ivorian made a shock return to Chelsea last summer.
Martin Tyler has been in the commentary game for 40 years, so it's safe to say he's witnessed his fair share of blockbusters. Confessing himself as a 'chief witness' of football it's no surprise, then, that when asked to pick a favourite he is able to pluck one game in particular from his encyclopaedic memory.
Inter Milan open talks with Manchester City about Stevan Jovetic. The Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward. City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis.
Wolfsburg are showing an interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez. The Mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid.
Santi Cazorla happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid. Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has said he is happy to remain at the Gunners despite speculation of a move back to his homeland. The 30-year-old Spaniard has scored seven goals and provided eight assists in 29 Barclays Premier League appearances this season.
Mario Gomez has poured cold water over suggestions he could join Barcelona in the summer by insisting he is content with life at Fiorentina. German ace Gomez has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp, however the 29-year-old insists even the lure of playing alongside the likes of Lionel Messi and Neymar could not tempt him away from the Stadio Artemio Franchi.
Pedro has admitted he is finding his bit-part role this season difficult and insists it is only logical that there is talk of him leaving the club. Barca coach Enrique has understandably favoured the attacking trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar this season as Pedro has had to make do with a squad role at the Nou Camp.
Celtic want to keep Jason Denayer on loan for another season. Celtic manager Ronny Deila will try to persuade Jason Denyer and Manchester City to extend the centre-back's loan deal next season - but Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among his defensive targets. Denayer made his full international debut in Belgium's 1-0 European Championship qualifying victory in Israel on Tuesday night.
Raymond Billam illegally pocketed £15,000 of taxpayers' money after he said he was severely disabled due to back and knee problems. But fraud investigators secretly filmed the 40-year-old midfielder taking to the pitch for a Sunday League team.
Rotherham council chief executive could be paid up to £40,000 more than outgoing boss. The new chief executive of Rochdale council could be £40k more than the outgoing boss, because of 'negative publicity' from the grooming scandal. The council will now offer up to the £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber (pictured) He left in December after a report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period.
Former Education Queensland head of child safety charged with child sex offences. A magistrate has refused to ban the media from naming Brett Anthony O'Connor, who has been charged with indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago. He has been free on bail since March, when he was charged with sexually and indecently sexually assaulting two boys in Sydney. The former child safety officer with Education Queensland has lost his appeal to ban his name from being named during his trial.
Bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked 'Are you hungry?'. Liz the bearded dragon, who lives with owner Shannen Hussein, 21, on her hobby farm in Melbourne, is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime.
Arsenal boss Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' that the club are not going to win the title. With top spot set to elude Arsenal again, Gazidis said the club will 'keep pushing' Chelsea.
Chelsea could move for Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda in the summer. The club's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the defender during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga, according to Spanish newspaper AS.
Manchester City fans ejected from Old Trafford for mocking Munich Air Disaster. Stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy.
Thib Courtois insists he has not lost any sleep over his high-profile errors of recent weeks. The Belgian was exceptional for the Blues in their win over Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
Zarina Diyas, Heather Watson crash out of Family Circle Cup. Zarina diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the family circle Cup in Charleston. DiyAS, the 11th seed from Kazakhstan, won the first set against Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3.
Novak Djokovic beats Andy Murray in Miami Open final. The 27-year-old Scot has lost his last seven matches to the Serb, this one the Miami Open. He suffered the undeserving ignominy of conceding another love set against his old rival.
Lewis Hamilton fastest in both practice sessions for Chinese Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton led the way in both practice sessions for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton suggested Mercedes will be back in control for this race after Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season.
Glasgow Warriors confirm Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will start against Cardiff Blues. Glasgow Warriors have confirmed that experienced duo Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start Friday night's Guinness PRO12 match with Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun. Both skipper Kellock and Hall are to retire come the end of May and each have a maximum of six outings left of their distinguished professional careers.
Stephen Curry eclipsed his own NBA record for most 3-pointers in a season, scoring 45 points to rally the Golden State Warriors to a 116-105 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Thursday night. Curry entered the game four shy of his mark of 272 three-pointers, which he set two years ago in the season finale at Portland.
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98, Memphis Grizzlies beat New Orleans Pelicans 110-74. San Antonio stretched its streak of double-digit victories to nine with a 110- 98 win against Houston on Wednesday, leaving the top three teams in the NBA's Southwest Division separated by just half a game as the regular season enters its last week. The defending champion Spurs moved onto the tail of Houston and also Memphis, which drew level with the Rockets atop the division by inflicting New Orleans' heaviest defeat.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in her first qualifier for the World Championship. REANNE EVANS, the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion, begins her bid to make history. The 29-year-old from Dudley would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible should she win three qualifiers.
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could. LeBron James has decided who deserves the NBA MVP award at the end of the season. Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards.
Liam Liam Stewart, the ice hockey playing son of rock star Rod Stewart and former model Rachel Hunter, has seen his hopes of making his senior Great Britain debut ended by injury. The 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the World Championship in Holland next week.
Kyle Kyle Naughton ruled out for the rest of the season after David Meyler’s red card challenge on Saturday. The Hull midfielder was shown a straight red for the hefty challenge.
Stuart Armstrong admits taking receipt of his first Scottish Premiership league winners’ medal would help finalise the process of feeling like a Celtic player. For the young midfielder, a Parkhead title party next month would also help make up for the hurt he suffered at the very same venue 12 months previously.
Celtic have announced that they are to erect a bronze statue of Billy McNeill to mark the magnificent achievements of the club's greatest ever captain. The statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way and will represent a man who is synonymous with the club and someone who represented them with true distinction as both a player and manager.
Newcastle boss John Carver threatens changes as he admits concerns remain over the character of his players. The trip to Anfield is Newcastle's first outing since losing a fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby and they have now won just twice in 2015. It is no secret United are planning a major overhaul of their squad this summer.
John Carver: Newcastle have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool. Newcastle are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form. The Magpies have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from.
Liverpool are watching Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia. The France international was one of the most coveted players in Europe prior to signing for the wealthy French club from Sevilla in 2013.Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen.
Real Real Sociedad remain hopeful over a deal for Burnley striker Danny Ings. Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest in the England Under 21 international.
Gareth Bale drives an unstoppable left-footed bullet in at the far post during a routine training drill as Real Madrid train on Wednesday. Perfectly balanced, Bale cocks his powerful left leg to hit his shot on the half-volley.
Atletico Madrid striker Fernando Torres believes coach Diego Simeone's clear understanding of the team's weaknesses has been the key to their success as they seek revenge against Real Madrid on Tuesday for last season's Champions League final defeat. In the past Atletico were accustomed to being swept aside by the footballing aristocrats, who claimed their 10th European crown against them in Lisbon, but now they are more than capable of trading blows.
Manchester City's biggest challenge this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have. In the aftermath of Sunday's derby disaster the talk among fans was of summer incomings to reboot a blue machine that, all-of-a-sudden, looks as outdated as a Commodore 64. Then there is the inevitable speculation over the future of under-fire manager Manuel Pellegrini.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0. Lazio replaced their fierce city rivals Roma as the leading challengers in the battle to chase down Serie A leaders Juventus by hammering Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico. The Biancocelesti took a fourth-minute lead through captain Stefano Mauri with Miroslav Klose adding a second just after the half-hour mark.
Conor O’Shea fears for England’s Mike Brown. Conor O'Shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby's collisions after Harlequins and England full back Mike Brown was consigned to even more time on the sidelines to recover from the latest high-profile head injury. Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21.
Peacock double helps Leeds to 20th successive win. Old-stager Jamie Peacock scored a try double as Leeds claimed a 20th successive victory over Salford. The 37-year-old Rhinos prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months but went over twice in the first half to help the Super League table toppers to their fifth win in a row.
Wakefield coach James Webster admits he does not have enough players. Wakefield are rooted to the foot of the table after their 80-0 thrashing by Warrington Wolves. The rout saw a hat-trick of tries by Wolves' Richie Myler and a 28-point haul for Stefan Ratchford.
Manchester United 4-2 Manchester City: Juan Mata hails'massive' derby win. Juan Mata described Manchester United's victory as a'massive win' as they opened up a four-point gap on Manchester City. United had lost their last four meetings with City but goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Mata and Chris Smalling gave the Red Devils their biggest derby win for six years.
Rory McIlroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the Masters. The Northern Irishman heads to the Augusta National heavily f.
Diego Costa has identified Chelsea's crunch clash against Arsenal for his latest hamstring injury comeback. The Spain international limped off just 11 minutes after coming on as.
Jack Nicklaus records first ever hole-in-one at the Masters as Camilo Villegas fires two in the space of five holes but still fails to win par-three contest. Nicklaus had earlier holed out with an eight iron from 123 yards on the fourth, his ball landing around 15 feet past the pin and spinning back into the water. Camil VILLEGAS HOLED OUT TWO HOUR-IN-ONE IN THE PAR-3 CONTEST, BUT CAN'T WIN PAR-THREE CHAMPIONSHIP. The par three contest at Augusta National on Wednesday saw Camil Vil
Tiger Woods spotted dancing while practising at the Masters. He was once the most fearsome competitor in all of sport, infamous for his prickly nature towards rivals and single-minded pursuit of victory. But the Tiger Woods who has turned up to Augusta National this year is different.
Marc Leishman withdraws from Masters. Masters Wednesday began on a sombre note when Australian Marc Leishman, who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman Adam Scott, had to withdraw. His wife Audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer, and if he is, he will have left little behind. If he leaves the Barclays Premier League at the end of this season — and it is by no means certain — then he will leave behind barely a trace. Inside Manchester City, the Chilean has always provided a welcome contrast to the emotional stresses of life epitomised by his predecessor Roberto Mancini but — on the field and across the landscape of English football — he has made the shallowest of footprints.
Crystal Palace 2-1 Manchester City. The view that Manchester City’s chance at defending their Premier League title has been ruined through bad spending gathered pace after they were defeated by a club whose entire team cost less than half one of their substitutes. Crystal Palace's XI on Monday night may only have been worth a mere £17m, but left back Martin Kelly still made it through a City defence deemed good enough to keep £40m signing Eliaquim Mangala on the bench.
Everton defender John Stones was the shock name on Barcelona’s shopping list of central defenders last summer. Barcelona ended up signing 31-year-old Jeremy Mathieu from Valencia for £14.5m and 29-y.
Everton midfielder James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him. The 1-0 victory over Southampton, courtesy of captain Phil Jagielka's fifth goal of the season, was a case in point. In the first half he produced a brilliant piece of control and skill to skip past three opponents.
Roberto Martinez has rejected accusations stubbornness prevents him from adapting his tactical approach. The Spaniard has come in for criticism for persisting with trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently.
Roberto Martinez insists he is not worried that Romelu Lukaku's new agent will destabilise the player — even though incendiary comments last week look like they were made with that intention. Lukaku was absent injured as Phil Jagielka’s goal settled this match to give Everton a third straight victory.
PFA Players' Player of the Year: Six leading contenders. It's that time of the season when Premier League footballers cast their vote for the PFA players' player of the year. Last year's winner Luis Suarez now resides in Spain, so, too, does 2013 victor Gareth Bale. Here, Sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders....
Harry Kane could miss Under 21 European Championship. Harry Kane's participation with England at this summer's Under 21  European Championship remains in doubt after Tottenham confirmed they will travel to Malaysia for a post-season friendly. Spurs announced on Tuesday morning they will visit Kuala Lumpur next month to take on a Malaysia XI in the AIA Cup.
Willian wants his team-mates to take confidence from Saturday's win against Stoke as they close in on the Premier League title. Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the table.
Cesc Fabregas reveals nasty-looking gash on his nose during Chelsea's win against Stoke. The Blues extended their lead at the top of Barclays Premier League to seven points with a 2-1 win but it didn't come without cost for Spain international Cesc. The former Barcelona midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm.
Bafetimbi gomis tops EA Sports' Premier League Performance Index. During a weekend of stunning goals, Gomis got in on the act with an impressive overhead kick before doubling his goal tally in the last minute of Swansea's victory. The Frenchman - who made a slow start to his career in south Wales after playing second fiddle to the recently-departed Wilfried Bony - has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games.
Louis van Gaal couldn't let the moment pass. Manchester United had just rattled off their 13th home win of the season.
Marcos Rojo and Angel Di Maria fly out to Portugal to celebrate Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa. Manchester United duo Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria celebrated their 3-1 triumph over Aston Villa by flying out to Lisbon on Easter Sunday. United defender Rojo uploaded an image of himself posing alongside fellow Argentina international Di Maria and their families while sitting on a private plane.
Manchester United 3-1 Aston Villa: Wayne Rooney scores stunning half-volley as Red Devils beat Villa. Louis van Gaal has found the best way to keep Manchester United fans happy is to win at home. Powering past Aston Villa was their 13th victory in 16 Premier League matches at Old Trafford.
Philippe Coutinho believes securing FA Cup silverware would save their season, with hopes of a top four finish looking increasingly unlikely. Defeat at the Emirates means fifth-placed Liverpool trail fourth spot, currently occupied by Manchester City, by seven points with seven games remaining.
Alan Pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record at Newcastle and Crystal Palace. Forget Swansea, Stoke City and West Ham, the top seven would be seriously challenged by 'Team Pardew' should this manager have had a full season in charge at one club. That is after Crystal Palace, managed by Alan Pardy, beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night, the English manager's ninth win in South London since leaving his role at Newcastle at the end of December.
Brendan Rodgers is ready to recall his out-of-favour defender Dejan Lovren for the FA Cup quarter-final. Lovren has been out of the Liverpool team recently, but could return against Blackburn on Wednesday.
Arsenal target Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil, according to Michael Owen. The former Liverpool forward made the claim before Brendan Rodgers' men lost 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday - a game in which Ozil netted his side's second goal. Owen's opinion drew criticism on social media but the ex-England man has refused to back down, even after Sterling's disappointing display in north London. Owen believes there should not be a debate about whether Sterling is more talented than Ozil.
Bast Bastian Schweinsteiger is doubtful for Bayern Munich's German Cup quarter-final against Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday after picking up an ankle injury. The midfielder limped off with an ankle problem in their 1-0 victory over Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Bayern Munich's treble ambitions are put to the test on Wednesday in the German Cup quarter-final when their injury-hit side travel to in-form Bayer Leverkusen. The Bavarians are eager to repeat their 2013 treble-winning campaign as the season enters its final stretch.
Bayern Munich 2-1 Borussia Dortmund: Lewandowski returns to haunt former club. Robert Lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as Bayern Munich earned a narrow victory against Borussia Dortmund at the Signal Iduna Park on Saturday. Poland international Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer as Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Gary Hooper rescues Norwich City from relegation danger with stoppage-time winner against Bolton. Norwich City 2-1 Bolton Wanderers: Bolton: Bogdan, Vela, Dervite, Ream, Moxey, Bannan, Walker (Janko 87), Feeney, Gudjohnsen (Danns 82), Heskey, Le Fondre. Referee: James Adcock. Norwich: Ruddy; Whittaker (R Bennett 71), Martin, Bassong, Olsson, Tettey, Howson, Dorrans, Hoolahan (Grabban
Brentford 1-1 Derby: Darren Bent rescues draw. Darren Bent pounces in stoppage time to rescue a draw for Derby against Brentford at the iPro Stadium. The Bees controlled the game for long periods.
Gary Gary Caldwell admits his first taste of management was 'crazy' following Wigan's battling 2-2 draw against Fulham. The Latics may be heading for relegation but they proved they are ready to go down fighting.
Troy Deeney: I want to lead Watford to the Premier League next season. With 20 goals to his name this season, Watford skipper Troy deeney is regarded by many as the best striker outside the top flight. In fact, he has been lighting up the Championship for the last three seasons.
Saido Berahino: West Brom boss Tony Pulis discusses pre-season plans with striker. West Bromwich Albion were open to bids of £20million for the striker in January and the 21-year-old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in Champions League football. Saido has been linked with a move away from West Brom after saying he wants to play European football.
Tony Pulis: Jeremy Peace will only sell West Brom to a buyer who will invest heavily. Jeremy Peace, the West Bromwich Albion chairman, will sell the club to someone who wants to invest heavily on and off the pitch. Pulis has held conversations with Peace and is adamant the chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained.
Nigel Pearson insists Leicester have no margin for error in their relegation fight. The Foxes go to West Brom on Saturday bottom of the Barclays Premier League and six points adrift from the survival line.
Ney Neymar 'can't understand why he is subbed so much'. Neymar was left fuming after being substituted by Luis Enrique during the 2-2 draw at Sevilla on Saturday night, according to reports in Spain. Neymar, who scored his side's second goal with a curling free kick, was replaced with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla offers support to Villarreal defender Mateo Musacchio following leg injury. The Argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side's 1-1 draw at Getafe in the Primera Division on Sunday.
Manuel Pellegrini admits Manchester City's academy players are not ready for the first team. Manchester City’s current group of home-grown players will be reduced in the summer when Frank Lampard departs and it could be further depleted if James Milner leaves. Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players, which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an English club.
Tracey Neville: 'I'm probably not as intense as Gary and I'm not the mediator that Philip is. I'm somewhere in the middle'. She is Phil Neville's twin and I ask her which of them emerged first. 'I don't think there was ever any way Philip was coming out before me,' she says.
Gary Gary Neville has hailed Manchester United as a team that is getting ever closer to being 'the real deal' after a dominant 4-2 derby victory over City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side took a firm grip on third place as they skipped four points clear of their arch rivals in fourth.
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by the Ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form. Gers suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign on Thursday night.
England picked up their first title on the Sevens World Series this season after beating competition leaders South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Tokyo tournament on Sunday. Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries for England, who bounced back from a thumping group stage defeat to Fiji on Saturday.
Jake Drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a West Java jail nine months after he was put behind bars. The 23-year-old surfer, who was taken into custody in June last year, said he cannot wait to get back in the water.
Who goes to Wing's Chinese restaurant?. Wing's has been'recommended in the Mitchelin Guide for the past eight years', according to their website, but how else does it lure Manchester's footballers and stars back time and time again like moths to a flame.
Atletico Madrid 2-0 Real Sociedad. For all the problems that David Moyes had during his year at Manchester United, you wouldn't associate his teams with defensive frailties and a lack of organisation at set pieces.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo scores 300th goal for Real Madrid in 288th La Liga game. The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat.
NovNovak Djokovic has apologised to a startled ball boy and his parents after the Serbian player startled him during his final showdown with Andy Murray. The 23-year-old was shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the Miami Open to Murray.
Arsene Wenger needs a new spine and characters with backbone. They’ve won seven on the spin in the Premier League and made Liverpool look like relegation candidates as opposed to Champions League rivals during Saturday’s first-half slaughter. So why are Arsenal destined to sign off from another campaign celebrating a top-four finish and not a serious title challenge?.
Jennifer Aniston works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, Mandy Ingber. Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga.
Police are searching for a vandal who damaged a car park barrier while showing off his weightlifting moves. Briitish Transport Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public.
Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo. 'Africa is comfortable having you.'
Gary Mabbutt's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether the leg would have to be amputated. He was treated at King's College Hospital in South East London, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation.
Gary Barlow surprises Take That superfan Danielle Jones at her wedding. When Danielle Jones agreed to marry her boyfriend Darrel, she knew it would be a day she'd never forget. But her wedding day took an even better unexpected twist.
Andy Murray's wedding to Kim Sears: How to dress for the star's big day. When Murray, 27, says 'I do' with his long-term girlfriend, also 27, on April 11, the guests wishing them well in his hometown of Dunblane will be largely a gathering of close family and friends. The super-stylish silhouette puts a bold spin on the traditional evening dress.
Pregnant Iraq war veteran hit by deputy during arrest. Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents' home. She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son.
Tiger is making his latest atttempt at a comeback at The Masters after his dramatic fall from grace following scandal over his countless infidelities. The American spent a record total of 683 weeks at the top of the rankings until he lost the No 1 spot to Australia's Adam Scott in May 2014.
South Carolina mother of four dies after collapsing moments after completing half marathon. Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother. Glover was also a co-owner of an Elgin fitness center.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey, but died from a head injury the next day despite the best effort of medical teams. Her mother, Heathrow Airport worker Kirsty Lee, 25, appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today alongside her then boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35.
Richie Benaud laid to rest far from public view at private funeral in Sydney. The 84-year-old former Test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, Daphne. The family had kept the details of where and when his funeral service service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location.
HillaryHillary Clinton's 'Everyday Americans' video has been given an 18 rating by a Russian television network - because it features two men holding hands. Dozhd TV, an independent network, fears the video launching Clinton's White House bid may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws.
Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid couldn't be separated in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final showdown on Tuesday. The two giants from the Spanish capital played out a goalless draw.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone and Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti praise Jan Oblak. The Champions League quarter-final first leg clash at the Vicente Calderon finished goalless and that was largely thanks to an outstanding performance from the Slovenian goalkeeper. He made a phenomenal save to deny Gareth Bale in the fourth minute.
Huddersfield 0-0 Brighton: Seagulls held to goalless draw. Brighton's goal drought continues and they are now without a goal from one of their own players for nine hours and 20 minutes. Albion are still not out of danger towards the bottom of the table and are seven points above the drop zone with three games left. Brighton's Beram Kayal (left) battles for the ball at the Amex Stadium.
Sheffield Wednesday 1-0 Brentford. Sheffield Wednesday claimed all three points against Championship play-off hopefuls Brentford thanks to Kieran Lee's second-half goal. With both teams playing with high defensive lines at Hillsborough.
TOWIE's Jake Hall scores vital goal for non-league side Boston United against Tamworth. The Only Way is Essex star scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the Pilgrims on course for a place in the Conference North play-offs. And it put a smile on the face of Lewis, his on-off girlfriend in the popular Essex-based ITV show, who was watching on at York Street.
Neymar: Luis Enrique plays down Barcelona star's angry reaction to being substituted. Barcelona coach Luis Enrique has sought to play down Neymar's petulant reaction when the Brazil forward was substituted in Saturday's 2-2 La Liga draw at Sevilla. Neymar, who scored a superb free kick to make it 2-0 to Barca after Lionel Messi's opener, was clearly furious.
Rolando Aarons may have played his last game this season after suffering another injury setback. The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club's under-21s against Derby.
Woman falls 30 metres from Blue Mountains lookout trying to retrieve her mobile phone. The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon, the ABC reports. She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children.
Scottish comedian Limmy has horrified fans by posting a video of a massive spider crawling out of his mouth and inching its way across his face. The 38-year-old, who starred in the BBC comedy Limmy's Show, revolted his many followers after he uploaded the seven-second clip.
The Apprentice's Dane Bouris charged with assault of model girlfriend. The son of The Apprentice host Mark Bouris has appeared in court charged with the alleged assault of his model girlfriend. He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home - in Sydney's east - on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa. Bouris, who was a contender for 2013's Cleo Bachelor of the Year, appeared in Waverley Court on Tuesday.
Not being able to sleep, losing your keys, and being stuck in traffic ranked as the top three emergencies that Brits find most straining. In fact, sleepless night were the top occurrence, with almost half (46%) of Brits citing that this causes anxiety. Some of the statistics point at universally embarrassing situations that most people would have had to deal with at one point in time. These include running out of toilet paper when already on the toilet (30%) and forgetting your bank card when paying for an item (25%).
Mother-of-three forced to remortgage her home after years of dental treatment left her mouth looking like an 'oral bombsite'. Rose Devereux, 49, from Liverpool, had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts. Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row.
EmbryoScope technology allows parents to watch the moment their baby is born. The images are thanks to revolutionary technology that allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life – from fertilisation to the division of cells, right through to the growth of an embryo. Hundreds of parents are now the proud owners of these EmbryOScope images, which are also helping scientists learn more about the IVF process.
Isaiah Jay Brown: Chelsea's Under 19 star shines in UEFA Youth League final. Whatever Isaiah Jay Brown goes on to accomplish in the game, it’s unlikely he’ll ever forget this weekend. On Friday, the 18-year-old played an integral part in Chelsea's 4-0 demolition of Roma to earn a place in the UEFA Youth.
Lawyer calls for second officer in Walter Scott shooting to be arrested. National Bar Association officials said that Officer Clarence Habersham, 37, who was the second policeman to arrive at the dead man's body after shooter Michael Slager, should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report. The call comes after Slager is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to Scott's death.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on Sunday's video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid. The pair were seen walking hand in hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year. The vibrant clip, set to snappy music and featuring Clinton for less than half the video's length, is a dramatic departure from Clinton's drab announcement of seven years ago. The video which kicked off her former unsuccessful campaign showed Clinton on a couch, talking about ending the Iraq war, shrinking deficits and expanding
LeBron James pens emotional farewell letter to Lauren Hill. LeBron James, 30, who had never actually met Lauren, wrote: 'Dear Lauren Hill, You are the true definition of strength, courage, power, leadership, etc etc! Your time spent on earth will never be forgotten.'
Bricks fall from top of vacant building in Cleveland crushing minivan. City officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building, crushing a minivan that was parked below. Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday but no one was injured.
Raheem Sterling: Five possible destinations for Liverpool star. Brendan Rodgers has insisted that Liverpool will not be sold this summer, even if he fails to agree a new long-term contract at Anfield. But as we've seen in the past - with Luis Suarez's move to Barcelona a prime example - that sort of promise isn't always kept. Here, Sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations.
Kevin Wimmer will move to England this summer, according to Austria manager Marcel Koller. The Cologne defender, who is wanted by Spurs in a £4.4million deal, has impressed the boss of his national team.
Yaya Toure a dream target for Inter Milan, according to Fassone. The Italian giants are keen to sign the 31-year-old this summer, a player Inter coach Roberto Mancini knows well having guided him from 2010 until 2013 at the Barclays Premier League club. Inter Milan are ready to submit an offer of 60million euros (£43million) for Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toussaint.
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on Caen midfielder N'golo Kante is a defensive minded player who has impressed for Caen this season and they are willing to sell for around £5million. Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old who has similarities with Lassana Diarra and Claude Makelele in terms of stature and style.
Paul Scholes tells Raheem Sterling to stay at Liverpool and continue his development. Paul Schines has told Raheam Sterling to remain at Liverpool. Sterling said on Wednesday that he was not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool.
Chelsea and Manchester City are both willing to pay the £13 million buyout clause for highly-rated Valencia left-back Jose Luis Gaya. The 19-year-old Spaniard is Real Madrid's first choice to fill the left side of their defence next season.But AS reports that both Chelsea and City are keen to snap Gaya up, with the Manchester club the most interested as they consider him to be a suitable replacement for Aleksandar Kolarov.The Serbian defender is keen to return to Italy after starting just 11 Premier League games for City this season.Gaya is a key player for Valencia, having played
Robbie Williams has scaled back plans to revamp his multi-million pound home following a public spat with neighbour Jimmy Page. The 41-year-old star has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house.
Woman charged with assaulting police officer after allegedly squirting her with her breast milk. Erica Leeder, 26, was arrested on March 25 when she was taken to the Rockingham Police Station on an outstanding warrant, reportedly during a strip search. She has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence.
Police are hunting the owner of a 'Staffy-type' dog after a four-year-old girl suffered bite wounds to the face. The child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex, when the dog attacked her.
Miracle Godson, from Marsh Green in Wigan, was reported missing on Friday afternoon after he jumped into deep waters at East Quarry in Appley Bridge near the town and failed to surface. Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day.
Edinho, son of Pele, hired as coach of Brazilian club. A Brazilian club that has former Brazil and Barcelona star Rivaldo as its president says it has hired Pele's troubled son Edinho as its coach. Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang. He is appealing a 33-year prison sentence.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach on a 15-month contract. The 49-year-old has also coached Bayer Leverkusen and VfB Stuttgart among other.
SPFL set to fight Hibernian over play-off profits. SPFL clubs are poised to do battle over a late Hibs move to cash in on the Premiership play-offs. Currently second in the Championship, the Easter Road club stand to make £1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and Motherwell.
Newcastle boss John Carver accepts the pressure is on as his side head into their final six games with their top-flight status still not secured. The Magpies slipped to a fifth successive Barclays Premier League defeat at Liverpool on Monday.
Siem de Jong could return to action before the end of the current campaign. The £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February and it was initially feared he would miss the remainder of the campaign.
Justin Rose paired with Jordan Spieth in final pairing at Masters. England's Justin Rose will be in the final pair with Masters leader Jordan Spies as he looks to chase down the young American on Sunday. Rose's superb finish on Saturday earned him a place in the last grouping with Spieth ahead of Phil Mickelson.
Greg Rusedski backs Aljaz Bedene's bid to play Davis Cup for Great Britain. World No 2 Greg Rusingski has supported Aljazed Bedene’s bid to overturn an International Tennis Federation ruling and become eligible to represent Great Britain in the Davis Cup. Slovenia-born Bedene secured a British passport last month but cannot currently represent his new nation in the competition.
NovNovak Djokovic has apologised to the startled ball boy caught in the crossfire of a tirade at his support team during his win over Andy Murray in Sunday's Miami Open final. The Serbian star, who is now world No 3, was furious with Murray after he lost the second set of the final.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole for Chinese Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton sauntered to pole position for the Malaysian Grand Prix, nearly one second ahead of Sebastian Vettel's third-fastest Ferrari. That said, Ferrari are stronger over a long run and may yet provide a threat to Hamilton's supremacy.
Lewis Hamilton's love of the Shanghai International Circuit continues to show no bounds as the reigning Formula One champion again claimed pole position for the race. Hamilton now has a record five poles to his name at the track, and three in succession, to take his tally to 41 overall in his career. The 30-year-old Briton ultimately finished just 0.042secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to give the team another front-row lock out. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel, a surprise winner last time out in Malaysia, will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on
Daniel Ricciardo calls for back-to-basics approach for Red Bull to forge a return to the front of the grid in China. The Australian driver has urged his Red Bull team to go back to basics after a troubled start to 2015. The main gripe has centred on power-unit supplier Renault.
AP McCoy repeats the trick on Don Cossack at Aintree. The omens are looking good. After taking the big race on the opening day of the Grand National festival, AP McCoy repeated the trick to the delight of a huge Ladies’ day crowd.
Ian Bell rescued England from a nightmare start with a century in the first Test against West Indies that was pay back time for being dropped during his last Caribbean series. After his classy 143 had steered England to 341 for five, after they had been 34 for three, Bell said that thoughts of him losing his place in 2009 was a big motivating factor.
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test. And well deserved it was, too.
Jonathan Trott's first innings on his return to Test cricket for the first time in 17 months was brief and unsuccessful, as he was caught at first slip just three balls in. Trott last played a Test for his country in November 2013.
Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes show off their netball skills in Manchester Thunder video. The Thunder filmed a lip-sync version of 'Is This The Way To Amarillo', featuring their own players and coaches alongside England women's footballers and several soap stars. And Scholes and the Neville brothers put in a brief appearance.
Jonathan Brownlee wins Gold Coast triathlon in ITUITU World Series. The Yorkshireman moved amongst the leaders on the swim, remained at the front during the cycle and then broke clear in the run, seeing off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53. Brownlee leads the series with 2,186 points from Gomez, who is 219 points behind. The series next moves to South Africa and Cape Town.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season as he stated his ambition to keep Aaron Lennon. Mirallas was one of Everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries and he has wanted by Tottenham during the January transfer window.
Costel Pantilimon: Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has brought the enjoyment back to the Black Cats. He was the goalkeeper who only won his place in the side on the back of a teammate shipping an embarrassing eight, so when Costel Pantilimon conceded four goals inside 45 minutes he feared the worst – for himself and the club’s top-flight status. That was four weeks ago when Aston Villa ran riot at the Stadium of Light.
Inverness Caley Thistle 1-1 Celtic: Celtic need to fight with every sinew in Scottish Cup semi final. For Celtic, a slow-burning season has seen Ronny Deila's side raise their game after a stuttering start and eventually rout their nearest rivals. Their steady emergence under the Norwegian has seen them swat aside second-placed Aberdeen 8-2 on aggregate over three matches and eradicate fourth-placed Dundee United 17-3.
Celtic 1-1 Inverness: Leigh Griffiths fires Celtic into an early lead. Two dropped points won’t cause too much damage to Celtic’s title defence — but this draw will have offered encouragement to inverness Caledonian Thistle ahead of next weekend's Scottish Cup semi-final against the champions. While Celtic have relentlessly marched towards the title, the shine has come off Caley's season in recent weeks.
Stuart Armstrong backs under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season. Celtic midfielder Stuart Armstrong has backed his old boss to ride out the most testing period of his managerial career. McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results.
Stuart McCall warns Rangers to be on their guard against Livingston in midweek. The Ibrox side recovered from their defeat against Queen of the South as two goals from Nicky Law and one each from Haris Vuckic swamped Raith Rovers in a 4-0 victory. McCall, though, wasn't happy with some of lax moments within their performance and insisted that better will be needed for Wednesday night’s trip to face a Livingston side fighting for survival.
Rangers kept the pressure on Hibernian in the race for second spot in the Championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over Raith Rovers. Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic claimed a goal apiece.
Newcastle boss John Carver labels Moussa Sissoko's reckless lunge on Lucas as 'indefensible'. The midfielder was sent off for two bookings in the 2-0 defeat at Liverpool Sunday night, but he could've seen a straight red after he caught Lucas on the ankle. The defeat was Newcastle's fifth in succession and left them with work still to do.
Liverpool vice-captain Jordan Henderson thinks his side could catch Manchester City in the Barclays Premier League having fought through a tough and long season at Anfield. Henderson and Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over Newcastle United on Monday night.
Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina's Premier League win ratio is the highest of any player to have made at least 10 appearances. Who else makes the top 10?.
QPR boss Harry Redknapp not at fault for slump, says Sandro. Sandro said he has seen a change in the mentality of his team-mates and thinks they can overcome league leaders Chelsea on Sunday. QPR midfielder Sandro has defended his former boss, saying he is not to blame for the club’s slump.
Chelsea's Under 19 squad celebrate their European victory after an impressive campaign. It was the high point of their young careers. As silver confetti rained down, the Chelsea players took their turn to lift the UEFA Youth League trophy.
UEFA Youth League final: Everything you need to know. Chelsea will try to add another trophy to their ever-expanding cabinet when the Under 19 team take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the final of the Youth League on Monday afternoon. Adi Viveash's team will start as favourites after their resounding 4-0 win over Roma in the semi-finals on Friday.
Who's next?. English cricket's new broom swept dramatically through the national team on Wednesday night when Paul Downton paid the price for their woeful World Cup.
Michael Vaughan keen to take on new role as England cricket director. Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of England cricket - but only if he feels he can make a difference. A new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director.
Paul Downton was brave enough to make huge decisions in his first 14 months as England’s managing director but the jury is still out on all of them. He was, as one ECB board member put it, just too accident-prone for a role that has seen him flounder in the face of the bitter fallout from an Ashes whitewash.
Sean Kelly: Time for Team Sky to break their duck in Paris-Roubaix. Whether it is through Sir Bradley Wiggins, Geraint Thomas or Ian Stannard, Ireland's classics king Sean Kelly believes the time has come to break Team Sky's duck in one of cycling's Monuments. With the two major cobbled classics looming large over the next two weekends, it is time to see the early results of Sir Dave Brailsford's move to put more emphasis on the Spring Classics.
Jordan Spieth believes he will be better equipped to cope with the pressure of trying to win the Masters after coming close to creating history last year. Spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round 12 months ago as he looked to surpass the absent Tiger Woods as the youngest ever Masters champion.
The Masters 2015 is almost here. To help get you in the mood for the first major of the year, Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose, plus.
Rory McIlroy, Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore tee off at Augusta National. Rory McIlroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday. The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Mickel and another mercurial American in Moore.
Rory McIlroy's grand slam bid and Tiger Woods' comeback at Masters could come from Mother Nature. The greatest challenge to Rory McIlroy&rsquo;s grand slam bid or Tiger Woods’ latest comeback at this week’s Masters could come from Mother Nature. Players endured rainy spells during their practice on Tuesday with forecasts that the wet weather is set continue once the tournament gets underway on Thursday April 9.
BrooklynBrook Lopez dominated twin brother Robin with 32 points and nine rebounds as the Brooklyn Nets beat a weakened Portland Trail Blazers on Monday in the only game on the NBA schedule. Deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the Nets.
Mutombo, a shot-blocking Congolese centre whose legendary finger-wagging motion became one of the most recognized gestures in the game, was a four-times NBA Defensive Player of the Year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons. Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks.
Kawhi Leonard scores career-high 26 points as Spurs beat Warriors 107-92. San Antonio also extended their home winning streak over Golden State to 32 straight, dating back to 1997, the season before Duncan arrived. Tim Duncan had 19 points and Danny Green added 18 points for San Antonio, who led by as many as 28 points.
Al Horford and DeMarre Carroll score 20 points each to help the Atlanta Hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win, beating the Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night. However, the Hawks lost forward Paul Millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with Brooklyn's Earl Clark.
Gary Gary Neville tore into Manchester City following their defeat against Crystal Palace by insisting the champions have a'mentality problem' which prevents them from winning back-to-back titles. The former Manchester United and England defender saw City lose 2-1 to leave them in fourth - nine points short of Chelsea at the top of the Barclays Premier League.
Chelsea 1-0 QPR: Fabregas hails vital win as Blues move seven points clear at the top of the table. Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabrega hailed a vital win after his late goal gave his side a vital victory over QPR at Loftus Road. The game looked to be heading for a stalemate before his 88th minute shot found its way past Rob Green.
JJolyon Palmer is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year after being given the perfect opportunity by Lotus to prove himself worthy. For the first time the Enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in Friday's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends.
Fernando Torres hails Diego Simeone as reason behind Atletico Madrid's success. The reigning La Liga champions have surpassed expectations with the former Argentina midfielder in charge to become one of the most respected sides in Europe. Atletico have not lost to Real Madrid in six meetings since the 2014 Champions League final.
Marcel Marcelo insists Real Madrid's meetings with local rivals Atletico Madrid will have no bearing on the outcome of their Champions League quarter-final tie. The reigning champions face Diego Simeone's side at Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night in the first leg of the last eight clash.
Roberto Carlos has revealed his desire to one day become manager of Brazil and the former Real Madrid defender claims he finds coaching'very easy' after the pressures he faced as a player. The 42-year-old, a World Cup winner in 2002, has already worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor.
Football Manager simulation: Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane lead the way for the Southern All-Stars. North vs South - it's perhaps the fiercest argument between the people of England and this week we've started a fresh debate based on football. We have assembled two dream teams - one featuring players from the Premier League clubs in the South and the other featuring Northern-based stars.
Barcelona players were put through their paces as they put the finishing touches to preparations for the Champions League quarter-final clash with French giants PSG. The first-leg of the highly anticipated tie will take place at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday.
Thiago Silva wants PSG to impose their style of play on Barcelona when they meet in the Champions League quarter-final. The Spanish league leaders can unleash a front three of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar upon the French champions, who beat them at the Parc des Princes in the group stages of the competition earlier this year. And Silva believes that the home leg will be pivotal for his side.
Carlo Ancelotti says he is not obsessed with Atletico Madrid. It's being billed as the Euro-derby in Madrid and depending on who you support the precedent is either last season's Champions League final or the six games that have been played between Real and Atletico since then. In Monday's pre-match press conference almost every question asked to Real Madrid coach Carlo Anelotti made reference to the fact that in six Madrid derbies this season Real are yet to win a single game.
Chelsea are continuing talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz over a possible partnership. Sportsmail reported earlier this month how Chelsea were discussing buying shares in the Belgian club which is based on the border with France.
PSG star Lucas Moura is 'obsessed' with Lionel Messi. Paris Saint-Germain playmaker Luca Moura has revealed he is obsessed with the way fellow South American Lionel Messi plays football. Brazilians and Argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football.
Ibrahimovic, Cavani help PSG win French League Cup. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and substitute Edinson Cavani both scored twice Saturday as Paris Saint-Germain won their first trophy of the season by retaining the League Cup with victory over 10-man Bastia. Ibrahimovic missed last season's final through injury, opened the scoring from the penalty spot.
Bayern Munich defender Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of Champions League quarter-final against Porto. The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday. The Morocco international said on his Twitter account that a medical examination suggested he would be out for between 'two and four weeks'.
South Africa says FIFA to present report on 2010 World Cup match-fixing. South Africa's sports minister says he has received assurances from FIFA's ethics committee that it will complete and present a report in June into allegations that some of the South African national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the World Cup were fixed. Fikile Mbalula said he met with the chairman of the ethics committee's investigatory chamber, Cornel Borbely, in Zurich this week to seek clarity on the status of the long-awaited report. FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions that
Rajasthan Royals player offered money to influence game. A player in India's lucrative domestic cricket league was offered money by a state team mate if he followed a 'pre-decided pattern of play', the Indian Express reported. Confirming the approach, the franchise said the player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit.
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case. Karab, a multiple world and Olympic gold medalist, and his younger brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago.
Stuart McCall insists he is taking life at Ibrox in his stride. The former Motherwell manager admitted being wowed by Murray Park in the days after he replaced Kenny McDowall.
Stuart McCall warns Bilel Mohsni Rangers will need cool heads for the promotion run-in. Stuart McCall has sent a warning to Bile­l Mohsni as he insisted Rangers will need cool heads for the promotion run-in. The Tunisian centre-back extended his questionable disciplinary record by picking up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during Thursday's 3-0 defeat from Queen of the South.
Stuart McCall's Rangers 2-0 Queens of the South. Palmerston remains a very painful place for Rangers managers. Consider this the first harsh lesson of Stuart McCall's tenure. Back in the chill of mid-December, Ally McCoist led the Ibrox side here.
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season. The final of the European Challenge Cup is now tantalisingly within reach for Alan Solomons’ side.
Alastair Kellock: 'I had to make the decision when I was nearly 16 to pick football or rugby as I couldn’t do both at weekends because they clashed.'. Amid the flurry of tributes that followed Al Kellock’s announcement he was retiring at the end of the season, one from another old warhorse stood out.
Kerry Hamilton was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children.
Facebook's latest app is NOT a hoax. Despite being launched on April Fool's day, and using an #AprilFools hashtag to promote its features, Facebook's new app is not a hoax. Called Riff, it lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app.
Bristol City 3-0 Preston: Aaron Wilbraham puts Robins on the brink of promotion. Ultimately, Bristol City were never destined to become the first Football League club to win promotion this season at Deepdale, even though they are inching ever closer. Swindon’s win over Peterborough meant Steve Cotterill will have to wait until Tuesday to finish the job of returning to the Championship, but almost as importantly they made sure Preston wouldn’t make any ground on them in the top two.
AmericanAmerican Airlines is tapping into the youth market with the introduction of their new in-flight music. While boarding and while disembarking, specially selected indie rock music will now be piped into the cabin.
Edinson Cavani's agent talks up Manchester United move. Cavani has talked up a potential switch to Manchester United this summer after admitting a move to England is a possibility. United are monitoring the Uruguayan striker's situation at Paris Saint-Germain, and Cavani was furious about being taken off against Marseille.
Gregory van der Wiel has denied claims that he is set to leave Paris Saint-Germain in the summer. The Dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss Laurent Blanc after the decision to drop the full back for the Champions League clash against Chelsea.
Google Street View car spotted in Mississauga, Canada. The college student spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga last autumn and began following in his own vehicle. His plan? To get the all important'selfie' - and make an appearance on the Street View map.
Jordon Ibe shows off his Michael Jackson'moonwalk' as he recovers from injury. The Liverpool star has broken into the first team set-up this season, with some eye-catching performances at wing back or in a more attacking role. And Ibe took to Instagram to show off his ability to perform the dance move, that many people around the country wish they could replicate.
Brendan Rodgers believes recent defeats are down to his players' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system. The Reds' 3-4-2-1 formation, implemented from mid-December, helped produce a 13-match unbeaten Barclays Premier League run which lifted them to within a win of breaking back into the Champions League qualification places.
England cricket England must have played against worse teams than this St Kitts Invitational XI but, after a day that descended into near farce, it is difficult to think of any. Warm-up games can be low-key affairs but there cannot have.
Xabi Alonso falls over during 'Rondo' training drill. Bayern Munich were in high spirits after they restored their lead at the top of the Bundesliga back to 10 points. Pep Guardiola put his players through their paces.
Samir Nasri dines out in London with girlfriend Anara Atanes. It seems Samir Nasri was keen to forget about Manchester City's defeat at Crystal Palace as the Frenchman went out with his girlfriend Anara Atanes in London. After coming on as a substitute for the final 13 minutes of Monday's 2-1 loss at Selhurst Park, the City winger was pictured leaving Hakkasan in the capital on Tuesday night.
Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James is not happy with the buzzing of drills at the dentist. The self-titled King James' talk wasn't so tough as he paid a second visit to the dentist's chair in a fortnight, as shared with his 9.3 million followers on Instagram. 'I'm hearing a bunch of drilling going on behind me from my docs so I had to sit up like, "What the heck is going on back there."
Preston North End forward Kevin Davies has been through the wars during his 22 years in the beautiful game - being bumped and bruised by many an opposition defence. However, Davies' latest injury is self-inflicted as the England international inadvertently hacked away at his right hand while operating a chainsaw.
Ander Herrera reveals he wears his full name on the back of his Manchester United shirt for superstitious reasons. In a short Q&A video posted on the club's Facebook page on Tuesday morning, the Manchester United midfielder revealed that he wears both his forename and surname in order to carry on his form that earned him the move to the English giants last summer. Herrera joined the Red Devils for £29million following a relatively successful three-year period at Bilbao where he reached the Copa del Rey and Europa League finals in his debut season at the club in 2011-12.
Danny Welbeck and several of the Liverpool squad appear to share a mutual fondness for Nicki Minaj. The Gunners forward was spotted arriving at the Manchester Arena on Monday night to watch the pop star perform.
Marcos Rojo enjoys family holiday in Portugal with wife Eugenia Lusardo and daughter Morena after affair with fitness instructor. The Argentina international is impressing in defence under Louis van Gaal in his first season in the Premier League, though it his time off the field in Manchester that has recently come into question. Rojo went away during a week off for his club side, pictured with team-mate Angel di Maria on the plane.
Jack Wilshere ready to return to Arsenal's first team and play a part in season-defining games. The England midfielder completed 90 minutes in Arsenal's 4-1 win over Stoke City as he stepped up his recovery from the ankle injury that has wrecked his season. As he nears full fitness again, Jack set his sights on the FA Cup semi-final with Reading.
Gang members in California's maximum-security prisons get a chance at a different way of life. It is no secret that when a gang member is sentenced to prison, he doesn't leave that life behind. Among the state of California's approximately 162,000 inmates, the most dangerous serve their time in Level IV maximum-security facilities where it is estimated as much as 97 per cent are gang affiliated.
Roy Keane denies road-rage offence. Former Manchester United captain Roy Keane has denied committing a public order offence in an alleged road rage incident with a taxi driver.
Brendan Rodgers has, it must be said, always had an understanding of the importance of domestic silverware to the club. On Wednesday night at Ewood Park, he must only hope his modern Liverpool side can raise themselves above recent modest levels and take another step towards a Wembley final.
Man accused of chopping up friend's body and dumping his severed head in recycling bin had previously started fight at gym. Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Monday. The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday morning.
Japan's J-League is just four games into a new season, but already the behaviour of its players is hitting the headlines for the wrong reasons after a player appeared to stamp on an opponent's face. Videos of the South Korean defender Kim Min Hyeok, who plays for Sagan Tosu, have gone viral after he allegedly brutally stamped on the face of opponent Mu Kanazaki.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo urges fans to get fit. The Real Madrid forward returned to top form last weekend with five goals against Granada, and he is now urging his supporters to get themselves into shape.
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood backs Christian Benteke to fire Aston Villa to safety after the striker's crucial hat-trick saved a point against QPR. The forward's treble - his first in two years - clinched a pulsating 3-3 draw with their drop rivals.
Ruby Walsh appears to jump his horse over a moving car in the latest promotional advert for betting firm Paddy Power. The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it.
Gary Mabbutt has spoken for the first time about how he was left with a 30 inch scar following a five hour operation to save his leg. The ex-Tottenham and England star, 53, was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find that the leg had gone cold back in 2013.
Cesc Fabregas shows off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam. The former Arsenal and Barcelona ace was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam, the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal. Chelsea midfielder Cesc took to Instagram to show off the injury.
Arsenal were reeling after a 6-0 defeat by Chelsea at this stage last season and had 63 points from 31 games. The Gunners are now in fine form and beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday but still have the exact same record.
Arsenal have been here before. Manchester City sniffing around with their millions, looking to prize away some.
Rio Ferdinand's farewell season in English football has not lived up to his expectations. He has been a colossus of the game. He has made 700 professional club appearances and won 81 caps.
QPR's Matt Phillips has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in Europe's top five leagues. QPR are still two points and a seven-goal swing away from Premier League safety but in winger Matt Phillips they might just have the man to help them beat the drop. The Hoops winger has been in sensational form since the turn of the year.
Aston Villa 2-3 Queens Park Rangers. Tim Sherwood's jacket did not survive beyond the first 10 minutes and after this astonishing contest it remains to be seen if either of these sides fare much better.
Jack Wilshere moves a step closer to recovery from ankle injury as Arsenal beat Stoke 4-1 in U21 Premier League. Arsenal's Alex Iwobi celebrates after scoring a hat-trick against Stoke City in the Under 21 Premier League match on Tuesday night at the Emirates.
Crystal Palace co-chairman Steve Parish described a 'great moment' as he basked in the glory of his club's 2-1 win over champions Manchester City. After the game, Parish posed for a picture at Selhurst Park with Palace manager Alan Pardew, England boss Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman - one of the original members of The Rolling Stones and avid Palace fan.
Didier Drogba spotted talking on his mobile phone in London after Manchester City's defeat. Chelsea striker Didier Drogba took advantage of the glorious London sunshine on Tuesday afternoon, less than 24 hours after Manchester City’s defeat at Crystal Palace saw Chelsea take a giant leap towards the Premier League title. The Blues striker was spotted on his mobile phone whilst taking a stroll through the capital and the former Ivory Coast international looked cool in a pair of dark shades, black baseball cap and Nike trainers.
Franck Ribery claims Louis van Gaal was 'poisoned' at Bayern Munich and claims the current Manchester United coach is a 'bad man' who loses players' trust. Franck Ribery says his relationship with Louis Van Gaal was poisoned at Bayern. Van Gaal took charge of the Bavarians in 2009 but only lasted two years, with the winger admitting he considered a move while the Dutchman was at the club.
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood's rollercoaster evening in the Villa dugout. From launching his jacket to the floor in celebration to bawling at the linesman, Sportsmail brings you all the best images of Sherwood’s emotional evening at Villa Park. Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again as Aston Villa clinched a pulsating 3-3 draw against fellow relegation battlers QPR.
Bubba Watson admits he must 'improve as a man' after being voted most unpopular player on PGA Tour. Reigning Masters champion Bubba has admitted he needs to improve as a'man' after his fellow professionals appeared to choose him as the most unpopular Player on Tour. An ESPN.com survey of 103 tour professionals - 21 of whom were major champions - anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey go toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football. They may become a united force again in seasons to come. Whatever happens, they will remember this night when they went toe-to-toe at Villa Park. There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns.
Leeds Rhinos send full back Zak Hardaker on anger management course after violent incident with student. Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds, but was not charged with any offence. Leeds issued a lengthy statement outlining Hardaker's punishment, which will also see him forfeit one month's salary to be donated to a local charity.
JJenson Button believes McLaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. After starting the new Formula One season in Australia with a severe lack of pace, McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress a fortnight later.
Aston Villa fan Stan Collymore shows true colours as Christian Benteke rescues point against QPR. Proud and unabashed, Aston Villa supporting talkSPORT commentator Stan Collymore showed his true colours when he watched his boyhood club claw back a vital point against Premier League relegation rivals QPR. Sporting a claret and blue scarf in the press box at Villa Park, the former striker could not contain himself as Christian Benteke fired home to make it 2-1 to the home side and was pictured leaping out of his seat..
Bobcat photographed hauling shark along Florida beach. A bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along a Florida beach in an unbelievable photograph. The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach by John Bailey.
Manchester derby is now one of the biggest match-ups in world football. Millions across the globe cram around TV screens to catch a glimpse of the fixture.
Brendan Rodgers faces one of those defining moments in a season that has not lacked them. His only hope must be that this time it doesn't go so horribly wrong.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on the ECB's handling of Kevin Pietersen. The star batsman will ply his trade for Surrey in a bid to reclaim his spot in the England Test team.
Youssouf Mulumbu picks Harry Kane and Eden Hazard for PFA Player of the Year awards. The West Brom midfielder has chosen Tottenham striker Kane for the top award while Chelsea wideman Hazard is his pick for young player of the year. The Baggies player posted an image of his voting slip to Twitter on Wednesday and asked his followers: 'What do u think?!'.
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a Liverpool target and has also interested Arsenal in recent years. The French midfielder had just put in a dominant display at the Emirates Stadium as the Ligue 1 side all-but-sealed their place in the quarter-finals of the Champions League after a 3-1 first-leg win.
Tyrone Mings pays off mother's debts in latest act of generosity. Big-hearted Ipswich Town left back has seemingly paid off his mother’s debts. The 22-year-old posted a text message conversation on his Instagram account.
Louis van Gaal believes Manchester United will hit the ground running in their attempt to win the Barclays Premier League next season after persuading the Old Trafford hierarchy to agree to a short and sharp pre-season tour of America in July. The trip will last in the region of 12 days – a whole week shorter than last summer - and will be over by August 1.
Christian Benteke hat-trick moves Belgium into third place for Premier League goals this season. As well as moving Aston Villa up one place in the Premier League table on Tuesday night, Christian Bentekke's treble accounted for the 46th, 47th and 48th goals scored by players from Belgium this season, making them the third most prolific nation in the division. The 24-year-old's goals - which arrived in a memorable 3-3 draw at Villa Park - moved Belgium above France and within 19 of second-placed Spain.
England cricket England suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice'match' here in St Kitts when Stuart Broad dramatically slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor. Broad had complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain, after bowling just three balls of his first over.
Manchester United kits leaked online. Are these the kits that Manchester United fans will hope lead them to a prosperous 2015-16 campaign? Supposed images of the club's home, away and third strips for next season have leaked on to the internet.
Bayern Munich: Money will not play a major part in Pep Guardiola's contract discussions with Bayern Munich, according to board member Jan-Christian Dreesen. The former Barcelona boss, who led Bayern to the Bundesliga title and German Cup in his first season in charge, has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016. Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge revealed earlier this year that negotiations over a new deal will take place this summer.
Phil Jagielka swapped Everton's training ground for a kitchen earlier this week as he learned to cook a traditional Thai dish to celebrate the sacred festival of Songkran. Having teamed up with expert chef Kim Kaewkraikhot, Everton's captain prepared some Pad Thai - a stir-fried noodle dish - before taste testing his own food.
Manchester City's FA Cup-winning goalkeeper, Harry Dowd, has died, aged 76. Dowd was a member of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in 1969.
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for Sunday's Manchester derby. Van Persie missed Manchester United's last six games following an ankle injury he suffered in the 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21.
FC Chernomorets Odessa offer players houses near the sea to cover their salary debts. A team in the Ukrainian Premier League are offering their players houses by the sea in exchange for wages. FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship - with their case so severe that relegation and disqualification from UEFA competitions is a distinct possibility if they fail to settle their outstanding money owed.
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata take time off to enjoy Manchester sunshine. It's been a good couple of weeks for Ander Herrera and Juan Mata, so you'd forgive the Spanish duo for taking some time off to enjoy the Manchester sunshine on Wednesday. The pair have been in scintillating form in recent games with both bagging braces in Manchester United's last two victories. Mata was the two-goal hero during his side's 2-1 win against Liverpool in May.
Woman fights off would-be rapist with her martial arts skills. An attacker got more than he bargained for - when his chosen victim floored him twice with her martial arts skills after he tried to rape her. CCTV images from inside the restaurant show how the woman, who was wearing a mini-skirt and heels, pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat - warning him to leave her alone. The unidentified woman then raced out of the restaurant - but was followed by her attacker.
Cesc Fabregas to wear protective face mask for Chelsea after breaking his nose in Stoke City win. The Spaniard suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City on Saturday, taking a hit to the face from Charlie Adam's forearm minutes before the Scot struck a 66-yard wondergoal at Stamford Bridge. The 27-year-old has since travelled to Milan to see a specialist, who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba previously.
Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design during a street party on Wednesday - alongside women's players Lucy Bronze and Emma Lipman and Mathias Bossaerts and Kelechi Iheanacho from the Elite Development Squad. The mural has been inspired by young City fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19 and turn up the heat on owner Mike Ashley. A social media campaign has been launched for the match, which will be shown live on Sky Sports, in a bid to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever Premier League crowd.
Sen Senad Lulic scores late winner as Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to reach Coppa Italia final. Lazio coach Rafael Benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in Serie A, leaving their Champions League qualification hopes in tatters.
Paul Downton sacked as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. English cricket’s new bosses flexed their muscles when Paul Downton paid the price for a humiliating World Cup by being sacked as managing director. He was fired by new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison, in conjunction with chairman-elect Colin Graves, after a ring-round to each of the 14 members.
Pensioner to stand trial for racist gesture at football match. Ernest Goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game against Blackburn in November. Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence.
Cristiano Ronaldo scores 300th goal of his Real Madrid career to see off Rayo Vallecano and remain four points behind Barcelona. Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances by doing what all forwards should, sending a header downwards and beating goalkeeper Cristian Alvarez, before celebrating with Gareth Bale and his team-mates. The Portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals.
Liverpool 1-0 Blackburn: Simon Eastwood saves last-gasp draw for Reds. Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer was in'shock' as he watched his goalkeeping hero almost snatch a late draw for his side against Liverpool. Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho celebrates after scoring his side's winner in the FA Cup quarter-final against Blackburn.
Gerrard's dream of featuring in the FA Cup final at Wembley on his 35th birthday remains a reality after Liverpool saw off Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday night. Gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card for a stamp on Manchester United's Ander Herrera at Anfield on March 22.
Oliver Todd's verdict on Liverpool's FA Cup replay win over Blackburn. Liverpool just edged past Blackburn Rovers in their FA Cup sixth round replay to make it to a 24th Cup semi-final in the Anfield club's illustrious history. Philippe Coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes.
Jack Nicklaus adds another ace to storied career at Augusta National. At the grand old age of 75, the Golden Bear is still capable of hitting aces. Stepping up to the tee on the 130-yard fourth, the greatest golfer of all time saw his shot sail beyond the flag before spinning back into the hole.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool into the FA Cup semi-finals and made it a night to remember for Jordan Henderson. Liverpool's captain provided the 70th-minute assist for Coutinho to break Blackburn Rovers' resistance and secure a 1-0 win that sets up a Wembley date against Aston Villa a week on Sunday.
Who has been Liverpool's player of the season?. Had you asked that question 12 months ago, the answer would have been glaring: Luis Suarez.
Mam Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers. The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area.
Hector Bellerin is fast becoming seen by fans, and possibly even by his manager, as Arsenal's premier right back. The young Spaniard scored his second Premier League goal, cutting inside and curling left-footed past Simon Mignolet.
Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal Cristiano Ronaldo yellow card. Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to Cristiano Ronaldo for diving in the area during their 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano. Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya.
Celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership with an easy 2-0 win over 10-man Partick at Parkhead. Celtic striker Kris Commons steps up to convert the penalty to give his side a 1-0 lead before the break.
Thiago Alcantara scores the winning penalty as Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen to reach the German Cup semi-finals. Thiago scored the decisive penalty in the shootout after Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer had saved Josip Drmic's effort. Bayern's Thiago celebrates after scoring the winner in the penalty shootout.
Manchester City 5-1 Leicester City: Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker strike late to reach Youth Cup final. Manchester City's youngsters finished off a job well done against Leicester City, adding to their 3-0 first-leg lead with two late goals from Isaac Buckley (left) and Barker at the King Power Stadium. Layton Ndukwu had given Leicester hope of clawing back the advantage with 20 minutes to go.
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, of Georgia and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, of Alabama were charged on Friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators relating to the incident that occurred between March 10-12, according to Bay County Sheriff's Office. The alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details, Panama City News Herald reported.
Nina Moric, 38, posted several photographs of heavy bruising on her arms on her Instagram account which has more than 40,000 users. Italian media reported that Ms Moric tried to take her own life and was found by her mother in the luxury apartment she shares with her boyfriend in Milan.
Boney M's brother arrested in connection with killing of Syrian-born imam. Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell - who changed his name to Khalid Rashad after converting to Islam - has been held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder after the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani, a Syrian national.
Midwesterners warned of possible powerful tornadoes as dangerous thunderstorms pummeled the region Wednesday and into Thursday. Forecasters cautioned millions of people in Middle America to keep an eye to the sky Wednesday and Thursday amid threats of hail, high winds and strong tornadoes. The Storm Prediction Center, in a midday update to its forecast Wednesday, upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri.
Banyan tree in China is so flimsy that it sways in the wind. They say you should never forget your roots. Even more so in the case of this striking tree spotted in southern China.
Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy. The Italian was in charge of the national side when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand, the brother of then England teammate Rio, during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011. He was stripped of his captaincy by the Football Association.
Alain Robert climbs Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower without safety harness. The daredevil climber known as the ‘French Spiderman’ has scaled the world’s tallest twisted skyscraper – without a safety harness. French climber climbed the tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk, which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist.
Bradford City fire: Former judge who led inquiry into Bradford stadium fire dismisses claims it was an accident. A new book by author Martin Fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985. The fire broke out near to half-time during Bradford's game against Lincoln City on May 11, 1985 and within four minutes the stand was completely ablaze. 56 football fans were killed in the tragedy.
Spanish police have killed a man in his 70s who barricaded himself into his home after shooting his daughter's boyfriend and a police officer last night. The man who has been named as Jose Luis by Spanish daily El Pais yelled 'enter if you have the balls' before an intense firefight ensued.
100 tonne crane barge used to lift shopping trolleys and even cars that have been dumped at the bottom of the River Avon in Bath. The Canal and River Trust in Bath are carrying out the dredging operation which was ordered after hundreds of objects were identified as blocking the river. Divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used lift to the obstructions, including mopeds, on to the riverbank The work is being focused on an area between Windsor Bridge and Victoria Bridge in the city in a clean up operation costing £20,000 in preparation for a new
Kim Jong-un's wife appears in public for the first time since December. A grinning Ri Sol-Ju, wearing what appeared to be a wedding ring on her left hand, was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband during a men's football match at Kim Il Sung Stadium on Monday. The match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the young leader's grandfather, which falls on Wednesday.
Man finds live mouse in loaf of bread he bought from Aldi. Andrew Odell tweeted the company a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his sliced white and said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket in Milton Keynes, Milton Keynes. When Aldi replied he wrote that his heavily pregnant wife Claire had already been in touch and that the couple were 'extremely upset' about the incident.
Tiger slips on ice and falls to the floor while trying to catch a chicken at a zoo in China. The ferocious feline was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing. As the tiger raced towards the bird, it flew directly upwards forcing the mammal to try and stop dead in its tracks. It was all caught on camera by photographer Libby Zhang.
Jordan Morris scored early in the second half and Juan Agudelo added his first international goal in four years as the United States beat Mexico. Morris, a 20-year-old thought to be the first university student to make the US side in at least two decades, pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender Mario Osuna in the 49th minute and beat goalkeeper Cirilo Saucedo from close range.
Ricky Hatton’s former trainer Bob Shannon charged with sexually assaulting girl under 16. Bob Shannon, 59, helped prepare Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012, which the former two-weight world champion lost and promptly retired. He has been charged with a sexual assault on an underage girl after police received a complaint last year.
Luke Luke Shaw reveals Manchester United players hung a fake bird above Ashley Young's peg in the dressing room after a bird pooed in his mouth during a top-flight match. As United kicked off their Premier League season with a match against Swansea in August, Young received a surprise delivery from a bird mid-match, much to the amusement of his team-mates, who took advantage of the situation.
Newcastle United have upset supporters after dumping pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing team in a skip outside St James' Park. The pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images.
4 players who could follow Jurgen Klopp out of Borussia Dortmund this summer. The news that Klopp will leave Dortmund in the summer has raised the probability that key members of his squad will depart too. We take a look at four players who are likely to follow him out of the club.
Andre Andre Ayew keen on Liverpool move. Andre Ayw is out of contract at Marseille in the summer and is keen on a move to Liverpool.
Dagenham and Redbridge midfielder Joss Labadie banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry. The 24-year-old midfielder was last month charged with violent conduct by the FA after he was accused of sinking his teeth into the hand of Stevenage defender Ronnie Henry during Davenham's 1-0 win at the Lamex Stadium.
Lyon go top of Ligue 1 with 2-0 win over Bastia. Second-half goals by Mohamed Yattara and Alexandre Lacazette helped Olympique Lyonnais go top in the French league on Wednesday with a win against Bastia at the Stade de Gerland. Lyon's Jordan Ferri dribbled past a defender before his curling shot was superbly saved by Alphonse Areola in the sixth minute.
FAFA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs, and has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving. The England C team is facing the axe after 36 years as part of Dyke’s spending review at the Football Association.
Bristol City's Aden Flint celebrates with a bottle of Sky Bet champagne following promotion. As seasons go, this one has been pretty close to perfect for Bristol City. Runaway leaders in Sky Bet League One, they became the first team in the Football League to mathematically secure promotion on Tuesday night - and in sensational style.
Dundee stand by Paul McGowan after he avoids jail for third assault on a policeman. Dundee have vowed to stand by the bad boy midfielder after he was spared jail for a third assault. But the Dens Park bad boy will miss two forthcoming games against Celtic because he is under house arrest.
FA form panel to help make football safer. An independent panel of concussion experts formed by the Football Association will meet for the first time in May. The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done.
Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at NRL referees during the Good Friday clash between the Bulldogs and Rabbitohs. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder, while referee Gerard Sutton escaped with no injuries despite slipping over as he attempted to dodge the missiles.
Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona's attacking trio of Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar. The Spanish giants are in France ahead of their crucial Champions League quarter-final tie against PSG.
Footage shows moment Florida police officer shouted 'Get on the f****** ground or you're dead' as he shot schizophrenic man. The clip captured from the police car at the scene shows shell cases flying as a police officer shot the 25-year-old schizophrenic, who was black, on February 15. Attorneys for Lavall Hall's family released the 19 minutes of dash-cam video yesterday afternoon at a press conference and claim it shows Hall was being chased by police before he was shot at five times.
Suma, one of Melbourne Zoo's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis. She was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 where she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain. But on Thursday, amazing photographs were captured of the primate's thorough health examination by surgeons.
Magnitude 3.1 earthquake hits just north of Los Angeles. The US Geological Survey said in a preliminary report that the quake with a depth of about five miles happened just before 9pm last night, according to the Associated Press. It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210.
Aaron Hernandez's jail ID card on eBay. The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date. Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Benefits cheat Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain and meant he had to use crutches to get around. But the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC where he helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts.
Kate Upton accuses photographer Terry Richardson of sexually assaulting her. In a new interview with Vogue Kate Upton has revealed that the photographer released footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called 'Cat Daddy' without her permission. In the one-minute-long film, which played a huge part in Kate's rise to fame, and which was uploaded to YouTube two years ago, Kate is seen dancing seductively in a tiny red string bikini.
Daniel Agger accused of elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen. Denmark captain and Brondby defender Daniel Aggger is to be investigated by the country's FA after he allegedly elbowed FC Copenhagen’s Mattias Jensen in a hotly-contested derby on Monday. The incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. Footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises as she is petted.
Bowfin slaps youngster in the face with its large tail. Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana when the pair caught a bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock. Crouching over the fish, Quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water.
Brazilian bird makes incredible sounds that wouldn’t be out of place on a video game. The Curl-crested Jay, which resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre, is native to South America and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds. With the ever-growing presence of human's in their natural habitats, the bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds into their song.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes contract has not been sorted. Lewis Hamilton has described his ongoing contract issues as 'a pain in the backside' as the reigning Formula One world champion has become mired in paperwork. Following the Malaysian Grand Prix 11 days ago Hamilton claimed his new deal with Mercedes, worth an estimated £21million per year, was '99.6 per cent done' and was now in the hands of his lawyers.
Robin van Persie's son Shaqueel scores with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden. The seven-year-old, who has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert, showed he has inherited some of his father's skills after being filmed scoring with a scorpion kick in the back garden. Van Persie Snr posted the video on his Instagram account, which sees the youngster net with a move made famous by Rene Higuita.
Jimmy Anderson still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record. The stage was set for the coronation of King Jimmy on Tuesday but West Indies stubbornly refused to hurry him to his throne. The perfect script for this first Test saw Anderson taking the four wickets he needed to become the most prolific bowler in England's history.
Watford 2-0 Millwall. Matej Vydra's superb volley helped keep Watford on the trail for automatic promotion as they recorded a victory over a spirited Millwall side, who sank further into relegation trouble. Aiden O'Brien was a constant menace for the hosts - who had an early penalty shout turned down - but Watford were far too clinical.
Liverpool starlet Joao Teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a broken leg during his loan spell at Brighton. The 22-year-old, who has been in impressive form since sealing a move to the south coast in August, sustained the injury during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield on Tuesday night.
Ron Ronny Deila has admitted Celtic will enter the Champions League qualifiers minus defender Jason Denayer. The SPFL young player of the month for March, Denayer is wanted back at parent club Manchester City for a pre-season assessment.
11-year-old boy with autism draws world map from memory. A professor in New York invited her 11 year old autistic son to one of her classes, during which he got up on a chair and drew the world map. A student took the photos and her father posted them on the online community, Reddit, as user Bobitis. Bobitis explained: 'He came into the classroom today and did this.'
Dortmund offer contract extension to Mats Hummels as he contemplates Manchester United move. Borussia Dortmund have offered a contract extension for Mats Hummels as the defender contemplates whether it is time to leave the club. The Germany international has been on Manchester United's list of targets.
Kehl scores in extra time to give Dortmund 3-2 win over Hoffenheim in German Cup. Sebastian Kehl fired a spectacular long-distance volley to give Borussia Dortmund a 2-2 draw with Wolfsburg and a place in the semi-finals of the German Cup. Earlier, Ricardo Rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow Wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over Freiburg.
Jurgen Klopp concedes Bayern Munich were the better team in Dortmund 1-0 win. Robert Lewandowski condemned his former club to defeat in the Bundesliga clash, as the hosts struggled to create chances at the Westfalenstadion. And charismatic Dortmund manager Klopp says that Bayern deserved to claim the three points, with Pep Guardiola's side looking to storm to the title.
How did John Terry get on against QPR?. All eyes were on John Terry this afternoon as he made the short trip across London to face QPR in the west London derby.
Jose Mourinho: Abramovich's rule will benefit England as well as Chelsea. Sunday's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea’s 700th game under the ownership of Roman Abramovich, a period Jose Mourinho says has been positive not only for the club but for English football as a whole. Some would quibble with the second part of that statement, but Mourinho says that too will change.
UEFA have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake. The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down.
BBC has made light of disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson’s attack on a junior producer by poking fun at the incident in a comedy programme. A new episode of mockumentary W1A, to be broadcast later this month, shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word ‘tosser’ on Top Gear.
University rowing team caught up in crossfire when hundreds of flying fish mounted an attack. The first year students at Washington University were practising at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the giant Asian Carp decided to strike.
Polish lady was bestowed the enviable opportunity of bottle feeding one of the largest and perhaps most majestic felines in the world – the jaguar. The woman known only as Goska, has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil and has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there.
New York state senator Jeffrey Klein apologizes after search for 'hot' pictures of political strategist Susan Del Percio. New York State Senator Jeffrey Klein has apologized after a search for pictures of a political strategist was shared with the world on his Twitter account. Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del Perco.
Kim Jong-Un appears to have hurt his wrist. Disarming images of the North Korean dictator have emerged - apparently showing that he has hurt his right wrist. The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country's capital of Pyongyang in a visit filmed by North Korean Central TV.
Storm system has potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring. The Midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday. The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to become the biggest so far in the spring, according to The Weather Channel. The Storm Prediction Center said 57 million people lived in an area with an 'enhanced risk' of hail, damaging winds and tornadoes
Boyfriend who 'fattened up girlfriend to put off love rivals proposes to her with a bouquet made of chocolate. Attractive Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan in South China's Guangdong Province. But two years on when You asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable, according to The People's Daily.
Woman in her 80s drives the wrong way along busy A13 in Essex. A woman driver in 80s caused chaos when she drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on the London-bound track. Some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries. She was driving without a worry in the world in the fast lane.
Gary Gary Neville believes Manchester United face their toughest test of the season when they visit Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City in recent weeks to enhance their chances of finishing in the top four.
Siem de Jong plays 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on comeback from collapsed lung. The 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of United's 2-0 defeat to Derby County at St James' Park. De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his £6million arrival last summer.
Moussa Sissoko faces disciplinary action after sending off for reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva. Newcastle stand-in skipper Moussa Sissoko is facing disciplinary action after he was sent off following a reckless challenge on Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva during Monday's 2-0 defeat at Anfield. The France international was given a second yellow card for the offence, but head coach John Carver feels it should have been a straight red.
Jack Colback admits Newcastle United fans are being left short-changed as the club's sorry season threatens to plunge new depths. The 25-year-old says he is already looking forward to next term given the slump in form which has seen the Magpies lose five on the spin and score just one goal in eight hours. But before this season is out Colback and his team-mates will have to endure planned protests with a boycott of Sunday's match against Spurs set to see thousands stay away from St James’ Park.
Andy Lee will leave New York with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact. A dramatic, frenetic 12 rounds here saw the Irishman sent sprawling in the very first against the dangerous Peter Quillin.
Graeme McDowell insists he would never consider not playing the Masters despite another frustrating experience at Augusta National. McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par for the tournament.
Rory McIlroy and Niall Horan set to sing on stage at the Masters. Horan fell while caddying for the Northern Irish golfer in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta while he also hit a ball into the water on the ninth tee, but the Irish singer will get some payback in September. The Irish singer is set to compete at the Deutsche Bank Championship which occurs a few days after One Direction play Gillette Stadium in Massachusetts on September 12 - and Horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage in Boston. The pair will perform at the Deutche Bank Championship in Boston
Jermain Defoe booed at WWE event in Newcastle. If Jermain Defoe wasn't already sure how much football meant to the people of the north east, he found out on Thursday evening. Just days after scoring the winner for Sunderland in the.
Barcelona's Martin Montoya pulls off an outrageous trick shot during training. It takes a lot to impress Barcelona's all-star cast of players, but young defender Martin Montoya provoked gasps from his team-mates with a trick shot. The young Spanish defender made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards 'downtown' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the club's Ciutat Esportiva training ground. The ball sails high in the air seemingly in the direction of no one while players look on.
Jose Mourinho admits his frankness in front of the press is is one weakness. The 52-year-old has won league titles in all four countries that he has managed - Portugal, England, Italy and Spain.
Jose Mourinho calls for Ballon d’Or to be scrapped. Jose Mourinho believes that the trophy awarded to the world’s best footballer, should be scrapped. The Chelsea manager has sided with Arsene Wenger in calling into the question the legitimacy of the award.
Rory McIlroy holds his nerve to card a one-under-par 71 at Augusta. The 25-year-old was forced to scramble for par a number of times on the front nine.
Kevin Pietersen cut a range of emotions as he posed for the Surrey team photo before the start of the new campaign. Pietersen looked in deep thought as he sat right at the end of the team photo.
Tiger Woods’s short game is killing him? Opposite. Tiger Woods had worked so hard on his short game, the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten. He chipped like a champion; he drove like a boy racer.
Dick Law flies to Argentina to rubber-stamp Arsenal's £4.5m swoop for teenage sensation Maxi Romero. Arsenal supremo Dick Law has flown to Argentina in an attempt to finalise a deal for the 16-year-old forward - who has been compared to Lionel Messi. The Gunners are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over the teenage sensation.
Jose Mourinho reveals Sir Alex Ferguson inspired him to try to be a gracious manager. The Chelsea boss said in a wide-ranging interview with the Telegraph that the legendary Manchester United manager showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004.
Leah Williamson held incredible nerve to retake a penalty which she ought to have taken on Saturday, were it not for German referee Marjia Kurtes' terrific blunder. Kurtes disallowed Williamson's penalty for encroachment from England players at the weekend, but instead of ordering her back to the spot, awarded a free-kick to Norway.
The Masters WAGS: Who are the wives and girlfriends that will be cheering the players on?. The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday with Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam, while Tiger Woods is looking to rediscover his magic.
BradBrad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in Liverpool. The night before Philippe Coutinho's 70th-minute strike in the replay with Blackburn saw the Reds through to the last four in their final chance for silverware for the season.
Michael Vaughan will become the most powerful man in English cricket if he is confirmed as Paul Downton’s successor at the helm of the national team. The former England captain has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison and is in pole position to become the new director of cricket.
Reanne Evans beats Ken Doherty to become first women player to play Crucible. At 11:20pm, former world champion Ken Doherty potted a final black and extinguished, for now, the dream of Reanne Evans to become the first women player to play the hallowed baize of Sheffield's Crucible Theatre in the world snooker championship. In every other respect however, 29-year-old Evans, a single mum from Dudley, was a winner on Thursday night.
Kell Brook enjoys night out at the darts as Dave Chisnall moves into second place in Premier League. World boxing champion Kell Brook enjoyed an evening at the Darts as he watched the Premier League road show come to his home town of Sheffield on Thursday. Less than two weeks after his successful IBF welterweight title defence against Jo Jo Dan.
Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City can retain the Premier League despite defeat by Crystal Palace. The Argentina international has struggled for form and fitness as City have slipped this season.
Boy, 15, cautioned after posting racist tweet at Danny Welbeck. The teenager took to social media after Welbeck scored the winner to knock his former club Manchester United out of the FA Cup on March 9. He posted a vile, racist rant under the username @angeIsleftfoot which read: 'Welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***…'.
Andy Murray's coach Amelie Mauresmo is pregnant. Andy Murray’s coach has announced she is pregnant – two days before the British tennis star's wedding to Kim Sears. The openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on social media.
Aljaz Bedene beats Arthur De Greef to reach quarter-final at Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca. British No 2 Aljaz Bedene has booked a quarter-final place at the Grand Prix Hassan II event in Casablanca. The world No 99, who switched allegiance from Slovenia to Britain last month, knocked out fellow qualifier Arthur De Greef, of Belgium, 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes. London-based Bedene, 25, will now face third seed Jiri Vesely, who
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's persistent groin problems in a bid to prevent surgery. Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since the FA Cup win over Manchester United on March 9.
Jordan Spieth becomes youngest first-round leader in Masters history. Mark one up for the future of golf over its past and present as 21-year-old Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th Masters. For much of the day it looked as if he might have to share top billing.
Rob Green humiliated by ball boy. Conceding three goals would be embarrassment enough for any goalkeeper, but Rob Green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy on Monday night. As the clock ticked down during QPR's 3-3 away draw with Aston Villa, a cheeky youngster decided to while away a few more seconds by mugging off the former England No 1 with a handmade nutmeg.
Karen Sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting. This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family.
Jenson Button penalised for Chinese Grand Prix crash with Pastor Maldonado. The pair were dicing for 13th place when Button hit the back of the Lotus as they battled for position on the run down to Turn 1. The incident on lap 49 was referred to the race stewards and Button was given a five-second penalty after the race, which dropped him to 14th.
Nico Rosberg curses Mercedes team after missing out on pole. Sport's propensity to play mind games with its protagonists was rarely more obviously stated than after qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix, when Rosberg cursed his Mercedes team. Hamilton, the world champion, was relaxed and delighted having taken pole.
France looking for new head coach. The French rugby federation is looking for candidates to replace France coach Philippe Saint-Andre following the World Cup. The FFR launched the application process to find his replacement on Friday, with candidates having until April 25 to declare their bid. Among the favorites to land the job are Rapahael Ibanez, former Montpellier manager Fabien Galthie and long-time Toulouse coach Guy Noves.
Leicester Tigers boss Richard Cockerill: Premiership title race will go to the wire. Leicester Tigers' rugby director says this season's Aviva Premiership play-off race will run until the final day of regular league season action. The Tigers tackle Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday, separated by just two points and two places.
Scotland winger Sean Maitland faces race against time to be fit for World Cup after surgery. Scotland winger Sam Warburton has been named to start for Cardiff Blues against Glasgow at Scotstoun on Saturday night. Glasgow Warriors winger Sean McInally has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder.
Jason Gillespie appointed as new coach of Adelaide Strikers. Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new head coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide in a move that will see him combine the role with his duties at Yorkshire. The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county in 2011.
Chris Jordan: Jimmy Anderson's celebration party just around the corner. England's premier bowler Jimmy Anderson suffered a frustrating day in his bid to become his country's all-time leading wicket taker in his 100th Test appearance in Antigua. But pace attack colleague Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is.
West Indies v England: Day two review. West Indies received an animated pep talk from bowling coach and legendary paceman Curtly Ambrose. Ambrose, who terrorised many a batsman during the 1990s, looked to have roused his charges.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket when Jermaine Blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to Alastair Cook at slip. But the Durham all-rounder's front foot had crossed the line and the batsman earned a reprieve.
Michael Vaughan slams England's top order for just looking to survive. Michael Vaughan, who is favourite to become England’s cricket supremo, was quick to condemn the openers after West Indies got them both out early on. With Jonathan Trott out without scoring in the first over and captain Alastair Cook failing again.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation after seeing his side have to fight to gain a narrow 1-0 victory at Turf Moor. Wenger has been praised by Burnley boss Sean Dyche this season and last night the Gunners boss repaid the compliment by saying: 'It would be a shame for Burnley to go down.'
Roberto Martinez complained Seamus Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick before the Everton defender conceded the penalty that allowed Swansea to pinch a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium. Everton manager Martinez felt Coleman had been barged by home striker Marvin Emnes before the Irish right-back scooped away the ball with his hands.
West Bromwich Albion vs Leicester City: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need.
Harry Panayiotou scoop Barclays Premier League U21 Player of the Month award for March. The striker, 20, scored three goals, including those in impressive victories against Sunderland and reigning champions Chelsea.
Newcastle United had more than £34million sitting in the bank at the end of the last financial year, the club's full accounts have revealed. The club announced record profits last month of £18.7million for the 2013/14 season, but the full accounts registered with Companies House on Monday show that £38.6million was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum - paying off a £4.5million overdraft and leaving £34.1million available. The revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from the lucrative Premier League
Bran Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan as Chelsea edged closer to the title with a 'lucky' win over Queens Park Rangers. The Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriner’s report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control after other missiles rained down on the Loftus Road pitch.
Chelsea 2-1 QPR: Player ratings. Chelsea moved another step closer to securing the Premier League title, after Cesc Fabregas scored an 87 minute winner at Loftus Road, to condemn Queens Park Rangers to a devastating defeat. Here's how Sportsmail rated each player....
West Brom honour Astle on 'Astle Day' against Leicester. West Brom have honoured the memory of former striker Jeff Astle in Saturday's Premier League encounter against Leicester City. The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit.
Dia Diafra Sakho could be out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury. The 25-year-old striker came off after 58 minutes of Saturday's 1-1 draw at home to Stoke.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall ordered his side to end their stuttering away form at Dumbarton on Saturday to ramp up the pressure on play-off rivals Hibs. The Ibrox boss watched his side drop two points against bottom side Livingston in West Lothian but insisted the 1-1 draw could end up being crucial in the quest to finish second.
Stuart McCall expects Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers’ play-off push towards the Premiership. The Northern Ireland international finally joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week.
Stuart McCall confident Shane Ferguson can play a vital role in Rangers push for promotion to the SPL. Rangers boss McCall hopes injured Newcastle winger Shane Ferguson could play a surprise role in the club's play-off bid. The Northern Ireland capped midfielder was sent north by the Magpies as part of a five-man package on the final day of the January transfer window.
Rangers insist that their fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with Sports Direct — as they will return to the club when a £5million loan is repaid. The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club's famous crests.
Real Madrid return to training a day after Atletico clash. As the Champions League starters took a break it was business as usual for the rest of the Real Madrid squad on Wednesday as they returned to training. There was no sign of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez.
Thib Thibaut Courtois has achieved a lot in a relatively short time, but the Chelsea goalkeeper is not resting on his laurels with the Premier League title in his sights. The Belgian keeper produced an excellent performance as Chelsea moved closer to the title at Loftus Road.
Carlo Cudicini: Arsenal should target Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech if he leaves Stamford Bridge. Arsenal have had a few problems with goalkeepers after [David] Seaman and [Jens] Lehmann.Szczesny is still struggling to impose himself as number one.
Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 Barcelona: Laurent Blanc admits Barca were superior to his side in virtually every department. Laurent Blanc made no excuses for his side as they now face elimination from the Champions League. An early strike from Neymar and second-half brace from Luis Suarez sealed victory for Barcelona and placed the Catalan outfit into a commanding position ahead of the return at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Hillsborough anniversary: Liverpool players pay tribute. Today marks the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster. A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives.
Wales have reached their highest ever position in the FIFA world rankings by rising 15 places to 22. Inspired by Real Madrid's Gareth Bale, they were the biggest movers at the top end of the list with 153 points ahead of the April rankings after beating Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier in Haifa. Chris Coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's men back in 1993.
Jer Jermain Defoe shows off his impressive keepy up skills with a tennis ball. Fresh from his heroics on Sunday when he struck a brilliant volley to earn his side victory against Newcastle at the Stadium of Light, Defoe was the first player to take part in Sunderland's keepy ups challenge.
Mother who drove six children to fight with her own to get shot in Louisiana. Police say 35-year-old Lakenya Hall, of Kenner, drove the children to a fight just after 5pm Wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop. It was at that second location that one was shot in the upper thigh.
Luke Luke Shaw admits he has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at Manchester United giving himself a 'C-'. Luke Shaw joined Manchester United last summer in a £31.5million transfer from Southampton after an impressive campaign on the south coast, which resulted in him playing for England at the World Cup.
CharlieCharlie Adam was left with mixed emotions after scoring the best goal of his career only to end up a loser at Stamford Bridge. Adam netted one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history as he lobbed Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois on the stroke of half-time.
Charlie Charlie Adam stunned the Premier League with a goal from his own half in Stoke's clash with Chelsea on Saturday evening. Here is a look back at some of the finest examples.
Charlie Adam scores from the halfway line against Accrington Stanley. A once in a lifetime shot, they said, but it appears Charlie Adam has done it before. The Stoke midfielder has been the talk of football.
CharlieCharlie Adam looked up, noticed Thibaut Courtois was off his line, and thought: ‘Why not?’ Why not, indeed. The Stoke City midfielder was 66 yards from goal but had the audacity to score what will surely be crowned the Barclays Premier League’s strike of the season.
West Ham United vs Stoke City: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need.
Jose Mourinho refuses to shuffle Chelsea midfield trio. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho will persist with struggling midfield trio Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar as he refuses to shuffle his squad so late in the season. Mourinho had to answer questions about his three midfielders after the hard-fought 2-1 home win over Stoke.
Van Persie returns for Man Utd. Manchester United have been bolstered by the news that Robin van Persie has declared himself fit ahead of Sunday's derby against Manchester City. Van PersIE has missed Manchester United's last six games following an ankle injury he suffered in their 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21.
Dani Dani Alves posted a picture of himself with his trousers down on his Instagram account on Thursday. With one message coming out of the player's camp and a very different one emerging from the Nou Camp it's difficult to know who feels they have been left exposed by who.
Liverpool vs Newcastle United: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need for Liverpool's home clash with Newcastle.
Luis Suarez revealed that during a visit to his future club, he sneaked into the Nou Camp with his wife Sofia for a photo opportunity. Speaking to Spanish radio station COPE, the forward spoke candidly about Real Madrid's interest in signing him and opened up about the infamous bite on Giorgio Chiellini.
MarioMario Balotelli has no future at Liverpool after manager Brendan Rodgers lost patience with the striker. The thermometer reading Mario Balot.
Lucas Leiva relishing Wembley return after injury robbed him of chance three years ago. The Reds made three trips to the national stadium in 2012.
Mario Balotelli hit back at those criticising his absence for Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final win over Blackburn Rovers due to illness by attempting to prove he had a high temperature. Robbie Savage branded the Italian 'pathetic' for missing the game, four days after he withdrew himself from the Liverpool squad following a'slight knock' suffered in training.
Derry Mathews' world title challenge in limbo after Richar Abril withdraws for second time. The Cuban was due to face Mathews on April 18 in Liverpool in the second defence of his WBA lightweight belt. Mathews may still fight for the title in his home city.
Newcastle United boss John Carver admits the club need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room this summer. The Magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies.
Amir Amir Khan believes Kell Brook has called him out so that he can have the 'one big payday' which has so far eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career. Brook, who defeated Jo Jo Dan to retain his IBF welterweight title last month, immediately challenged Khan in a post-fight interview but the Bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on May 30.
Barcelona 4-0 Almeria: Lionel Messi scores his 33rd league goal of the season as Barça take seven-point lead in La Liga. There looked to be so much bend on Leo Messi’s shot on the half hour at the Nou Camp on Wednesday night that if there had been no net to stop the ball it would kept on curling until it ended up back at the great man's feet. Barcelona star duo Luis Suarez (right) and Lionel Messi embrace as Barcelona take a seven- point lead in the La Liga.
Sev Sevilla coach Unai Emery is one of the more eccentric characters in La Liga but the Andalusian club's success this season suggests there is plenty of method in the Basque-born 43-year-old's apparent madness. Prowling the touchline during games, Emery's frantic arm gestures, wild eyes and bellowed commands clearly inspire his players rather than distract them.
Ni Niall Horan caddies for Rory McIlroy at the Masters. The 21-year-old singer Horan shared a photo on social media of him and McIlory before the pair headed out onto the course.
Rory McIlroy’s official coronation will come at Augusta National on Sunday if he wins the Masters to complete the career Grand Slam and consign the Tiger Woods era to the history books. The king is dead; long live the king.
Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is in better shape going into Aintree. The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season, finishing fifth at Doncaster in February. But Limerick-born Irish trainer believes that is preferable a preferable situation to 12 months ago.
Supermodel mothers and their daughters: Which daughters are following in their supermodel mothers' footsteps?. In the 90s, the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry, commanding sky high fees for the hugely popular advertising campaigns that they put their faces to. Now though, it's time for their daughters to take the reigns.
Hillsborough: Liverpool and Newcastle players take part in minute silence before Premier League match at Anfield. The fixture at Anfield, which took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster, was preceded by a period of silence from both teams and the 45,000 fans gathered. Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial, including some by former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur.
Julen Lopetegui: Porto have nothing to prove against Bayern Munich. Porto come into the match able to enjoy their achievement of being undefeated. But Julen has warned his side has plenty of room to improve.
Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen is keen to impress manager Luis Enrique in the Champions League having failed to make his La Liga debut since joining the club in the summer. The 22-year-old has been reduced to Champions League appearances but the German international is confident of his ability and insists he's ready to become Barcelona's first-choice keeper in the league.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown marked the start of the Thai New Year in a novel way by showcasing their skills. Accompanied with club mascot Stamford the Lion, the foursome poured water over each other while enjoying a game of kick-ups.
Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world. He's in it to win it. Tiger Woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the Masters.
Rory McIlroy to caddie for One Direction's Niall Horan at the 2015 Masters. Given the inexorable march of the past 12 months in one direction, perhaps it is only appropriate that Rory McIlroy should spend the eve of the Masters on Wednesday with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name. But it is not lookalike Harry Styles who will carry the Northern Irishman's bag in the par-three tournament.
Gareth Bale could miss out on Real Madrid's game with Rayo Vallecano after injuring his left foot during a training session on Tuesday morning. Bale, who scored Real's first goal in their 9-1 demolition of Granada on Sunday, is now a doubt according to his manager.
Brazilian football clubs on alert after dengue fever outbreak. Brazilian teams are on alert because of a dengu fever outbreak that has already affected some of the country's top clubs. Three players were diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease this week, including Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero. Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.
PSGermain will be without the suspended Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti against Barcelona. The Ligue 1 Champions will also have to cope without the injured David Luiz against the La Liga giants.
Buff Buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well. The Italy international produced a solid display to stop Monaco from scoring an away goal on Tuesday night.
Hibs, Hearts and Rangers united in condemnation of the SPFL's decision to move the Ibrox club's final game of the Championship season back 24 hours. In a move designed to accommodate broadcasters, Rangers will face champions Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3 — 24 hours after Hibs and promotion rivals Falkirk and Queen of the South play.
AndyAndy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings — but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in Dunblane this weekend. There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends.
Ben Flower urged to be 'a bit more aggressive' when he returns for Wigan against Warrington. Ben Flower has been urged by Wigan coach Shaun Wane when the prop sensationally sent off in last year's grand final returns for Thursday's Super League derby with Warrington. The 28-year-old Welsh international forward on Tuesday completed his six-month ban for twice punching Lance Hohaia.
Ben Flower: I regret my attack on Lance Hohaia every day. Wigan Warriors forward Ben Flower admitted that he regrets his attack on LANCE HOHAIA in the Super League Grand Final every day. The 27-year-old is coming to the end of a six-month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league.
Leeds prop Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks on the sidelines after shoulder surgery. The 37-year-old New Zealander has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago but coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed. 'We thought his biceps were the problem but he's actually got a bit of floating tissue in his shoulder.'
Manchester United will offer Robin van Persie £5million to quit the club this summer. The 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers vowed not to give up on Champions League qualification after a convincing 2-0 win over Newcastle. The Reds moved within four points of the Barclays Premier League top four.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo shows off his skills ahead of Atletico Madrid clash. The World Player of the Year pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during Monday's training session.
How to peel a hardboiled egg using a glass of water. If there’s one thing that stops a boiled egg from being the perfect food - it's the hassle of peeling it. More often than not the process will leave you with fragments of shell in your fingers, on the kitchen counter and sometimes even in your food. But one canny YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel it.
I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! Maze opens at Thorpe Park in Chertsey, Surrey. After six months of planning, the world's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze is now open to the public. New technology and Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'Pipe of Peril', crawly corridors and dark caves.
Zara Phillips and Mike Tindall explode with emotion as Monbeg Dude wins the Grand National. It may have been the first time in 41 years that a jockey had won back-to-back Grand Nationals – but the most emotional man at Aintree yesterday seemed to be Mike Tindall. The former England rugby star bought the horse for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner and was overcome by the 40-1 outsider’s performance.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo: The top 10 one-club scorers of all time. The records just keep tumbling for Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid. After his strike against Rayo Vallecano, the Portuguese forward now has 300 goals.
Ronald Koeman's message to his Southampton players is a clear one: Forget about the others, focus on yourselves and start scoring goals. The Saints' stellar season has stuttered in recent weeks, largely due to their impotence in front of goal.
Eden Hazard has developed into one of the world's best players after flourishing at Chelsea. Hazard has proven himself as a goalscorer and a creator of chances during his time with Chelsea.
John Carver says he would walk away from Newcastle United if the club’s hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment. Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley's running of the club and a perceived lack of ambition.
Alan Pardew says Sunderland should be more concerned about his in-form Crystal Palace side than his past as Newcastle manager this Saturday. Palace beat Manchester City on Monday night and have ambitions of finishing in the Barclays Premier League's top 10 this season.
Richie Benaud, the legendary commentator described as the 'Godfather of cricket', has died at the age of 84. The iconic broadcaster passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife Daphne and family.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes plans to make the Britannia Stadium pitch bigger to suit his side's passing style of play. The Potters' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League.
China Open: Mark Selby, John Higgins, Ding Junhui, Shaun Murphy reach last-16. Ding, the home favourite and reigning champion in Beijing, had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against Mark Davis to set up a third-round meeting with Mark Williams, who was an easy 5-0 winner over Scotland's Michael Leslie. Ding, who is gearing up for the defence of his world title.
Rita Ora channels her passion for fashion into a new adidas range. She's a best-selling singer, actress, beauty buff and one of the world's most stylish stars.
Lauren Hill, 19, loses battle with brain cancer. College basketball player Lauren Hill lost her battle with cancer on Friday morning, aged just 19. The Indiana native, who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday, had defied doctors' expectations after they told her that she would not live past December.
Jose Mourinho's ultimate XI. Having won Premier League, Serie A and La Liga titles, as well as two Champions Leagues, Jose Mourinho has coached a whole host of world class stars during his 15-year career as a manager. Here, Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI.
A video from the office features characters in'safety suits' including Bubbleman, a 'Fashionista' wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights. The campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone, including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year. It is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who the campaign says are most likely to be hit by drivers while on their phones. The campaign, which has more slogans such as 'It's road safety, not rocket science' and 'jaywalking can lead
Vincent Kompany has emerged as an injury doubt for the Manchester derby. City boss Manuel Pellegrini revealed that the Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday.
Chelsea U19s storm into UEFA Youth League final with 4-0 win over Roma. Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk in the final. Adi Viveash's side stormed into the final with four goals in the semis.
Jonathan Trott: I thought my England career was over after Brisbane breakdown. Jonathan Trott has admitted that he thought his England career was over after he reached 'breaking point' in Brisbane and was forced to quit the last Ashes tour. Trott was forced to head home to an uncertain future after his ordeal at the hands of Mitchell Johnson in the first Ashes Test.
Wayne Rooney, Ander Herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action as Louis van Gaal oversaw their preparations for the huge derby on Sunday afternoon. Also back in action was striker Robin van Persie, who has returned to training after getting injured defeat at Swansea in February.
Harry Redknapp: 'People with their own agendas' had a hand in QPR's demise. The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the Barclays Premier League strugglers.
Wigan 2-1 Fulham: Ross McCormack and Matt Smith strike twice to rescue point. James McClean's reaction said it all. As Scott Carson's long, hopeful punt downfield floated harmlessly out of play, the talented winger spun in disgust.
Arsene Wenger urges Arsenal to put dreams of late charge to bed. Arsenal head to Turf Moor in search of what would be an eighth straight league victory, following on from last weekend's 4-1 triumph over Liverpool. Despite their superb run, which has seen confidence grow after some 15 wins in the last 17 through all competitions.
Chris Smalling joins Twitter just days before Manchester City clash. The 25-year-old is very much a key part of Manchester United's defence under Louis van Gaal and is quickly establishing himself as one of the best defenders in the country. Smalling has made the brave move of joining the Twitter-sphere, days before his side meets rivals Manchester City at Old Trafford.
Gareth Bale to miss Real Madrid clash with Eibar. Real Madrid winger Gareth Bale will be rested for Saturday's La Liga game at home to Eibar, coach Carlo Ancelotti said on Friday, meaning the Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines.Ancelotti told he had not made a final decision on who would come into his starting lineup for the game at the Bernabeu, when second-placed Real will look to close the gap on leaders Barcelona, who play at Sevilla later on Saturday, to one point.
Chris Ramsey: I will shake John Terry’s hand. Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey has revealed he will have no problem shaking John Terry's hand in light of the racist comments the former England captain directed at former Rs defender Anton Ferdinand four years ago. Terry, who will line up against Ramsey's side, was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for the remarks made in October 2011.
Arsenal are the form team in Europe at present, winning 10 games out of their last 11, including seven in a row. Players have returned from injury at the right time, Olivier Giroud can't stop scoring, Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin have emerged, while Arsene Wenger seems to have found his drive once again.
John Terry reveals his PFA Team of the Year. Chelsea captain John Terry has revealed his picks for the PFA Player and Team of the Year with Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho getting his nod as the Premier League's finest. Although the former England captain has not been on the losing side to Liverpool in three games this season, Terry has obviously been impressed by the young Brazilian's skills - despite him only scoring four league goals.
Chelsea are on course to becoming the most dominant title-winners in Premier League history as they prepare to break the record of most days at the summit of the table in a single season. Jose Mourinho's side have led the way since beating Everton 6-3 at Goodison Park on August 30, after Tottenham had led the table following the first two rounds of games.
Diego Costa will miss four weeks with a hamstring injury, Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has confirmed. The Spain striker aggravated a hamstring problem in last weekend's win over Stoke.
Gary Gary Neville has claimed a star player will always choose Manchester City last if they have a straight choice between the big clubs in the Premier League. Neville wrote in his Telegraph column that should a player such as Paul Pogba or Mats Hummels decide on a move to England, they are unlikely to select the Etihad as their destination.
Louis van Gaal's bold recruitment drive appears to be gathering momentum after it emerged that Ilkay Gundogan expects to complete a £15million move to Old Trafford at the end of the season. Despite already re-shaping Manchester United's fortunes and guiding them to third in the Barclays Premier League, ahead of the derby with City, Van Gaal is pressing ahead with plans for more big name signings this summer.
Eden Hazard is in a one-horse race to scoop the player of the season award. The Belgian will face stiff competition, namely from Tottenham's Harry Kane.
Richie Benaud: The Master of Measured Words. Glowing tributes were paid yesterday to cricketing legend Richie benaud, after his death at 84 from skin cancer. At Lord's, MCC flags were lowered, and the Australian government offered a state funeral for the man who never lost a Test series as his country’s captain, then became a commentator.
Niki Lauda’s red cap stood out like a beacon on the dull, grey tarmac of the biggest, most soulless paddock in all Formula One. The three-time world champion is colourful, candid and carefree.
Justin Rose might just have made the most important pencil mark of his entire career to put himself in contention at Augusta this weekend. The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under, sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader Jordan Spieth.
Padraig Harrington returns to Augusta after a year’s absence, but my favourite moment remains his plaintive lament after a mediocre round: 'I'm focusing so much on my focus I’m over-focused'. How good to welcome Harrington back to Augusta. On Friday, he was at it again.
Going to any major sporting event these days is a pricey affair. There's the cost of the ticket, getting to the venue and the all important souvenirs. That's not to mention keeping fed and watered all day..
Arsene Wenger has branded the emerging trend of post-season tours as a 'nightmare'. Tottenham have confirmed they will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the Premier League season.
Kevin Pietersen is being urged to make the England selectors' lives difficult after his barnstorming start to the summer. England's exiled record run-scorer made 170 off 149 balls against MCC Universities Oxford.
Alec Stewart is intrigued to hear more about the newly-created role of England cricket director. The Surrey director of cricket insisted his focus is on his role at The Oval.
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are set to reach a Premier League milestone this weekend. Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in the summer of 2012.
Police find video of girl being gang raped on Florida beach during Spring Break. Hundreds of people are seen watching without attempting to intervene during the alleged attack on Panama City Beach, authorities claim. The footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy, Alabama.
Blackpool 1-1 Bolton. Substitute Eidur Gudjohnsen spared Bolton's blushes with virtually the final kick of the game and denied Blackpool a first away victory in 343 days.
Video shows police officer beating 17-year-old boy during traffic stop. Brandon Wyne was in the backseat of the car driven by his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, on January 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light. However, when the officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana.
Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport. For the first time in 88 years the women’s race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men.
Nico Rosberg accuses Mercedes of putting him 'under pressure' during qualifying. The German was the final driver out of the pit-lane during qualifying meaning he had to turn in a quicker out-lap than he would have liked to start his final shot at usurping Lewis Hamilton before the chequered flag fell. He will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton with Sebastian Vettel third on the grid in China.
Arsenal v Burnley: Gunners aim for longest winning streak in Premier League history. Arsenal have a chance to surpass Manchester City's equally impressive run of seven victories in a row this season when they take on relegation-threatened Burnley in Saturday's late kick-off. The Gunners hold the record for the most consecutive wins.
Arsenal 2-1 Burnley: Player ratings. Arsenal moved further clear of the two Manchester clubs in second place, and kept the pressure up on leaders Chelsea, as they held on to beat a spirited Burnley at Turf Moor. Arsene Wenger's side were far from their best, but Aaron Ramsey's early goal put them ahead.
Peter Crouch criticises Charlie Adam's robot celebration. Speaking on Sky's Soccer AM, the 34-year-old front man gave an in-depth analysis on where it all went 'horribly wrong' for Potters team-mate Charlie Adam following his wonder strike against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge last Saturday. Crouch was a more than qualified judge for the verdict, as it was his famed robot celebration from Jamaica ahead of the 2006 World Cup that got the revival treatment from his Potters pal.
NYPD has released images of a heart tattoo with the name 'Monique' found on an unnamed woman who died in Brooklyn last month. The unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn.
Golfbidder.co.uk gives away a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300. Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a special golf prize. The exclusive competition prize bundle includes a Callaway XR Driver, Callaway XR 3 Wood, Callaway xR Hybrid and a set of callaway Irons. Golfbiddder.com, one of the UK’s busiest online golf retailers, has also thrown in a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft golf balls.
Derby 2-2 Watford: Steve McClaren points finger at his own team after 10-man Watford battle back to draw. Derby head coach Steve McClaren pointed an accusing finger at his own team after they let 10-man Watford battle back to grab a 2-2 draw at the iPro Stadium. The result leaves Derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top two but McClaren admitted his players only had themselves to blame.
Leeds United 0-3 Blackburn Rovers. Leeds midfielder Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half as Blackburn warmed up for Wednesday's home FA Cup quarter-final replay against Liverpool with a 3-0 win.
Patrick Bamford celebrates his 17th goal of the season, the fourth that he has scored in his last four games. Bamford, the on-loan Chelsea forward, struck his 15th of the campaign, to match the tally of Colombian Hamilton Ricard during the 1998-99 Premier League season. No one has scored more in the 16 intervening years.
Kenny Jackett has told his Wolves players they must maintain their focus and follow up victory over Nottingham Forest with another over Leeds United. The Wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the Sky Bet Championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places, with their 2-1 success at the City Ground all but ending the Reds' chances of making a late push.
Arkansas single dad puts 'girlfriend wanted' sign on his truck. Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a sign on the side of his pickup truck that reads, 'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?'.
Iowa chiropractor accused of performing exorcisms on patients surrenders license. A chiropractor in Iowa has surrendered his license to practice and admitted to swapping services for sex. Nonetheless, he's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com.
Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall given royal seal to whisky casks. Charles and Camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire. But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature.
Kosovo student Zayn Malik's uncanny resemblance to him becomes internet celebrity. Flamur Ukshini, 23, from the Kosovan capital of Pristina, is in his final year studying Business Informatics and also works as a part time model. But thanks to his eerie similarity to the One Direction singer, he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page. He told FEMAIL: 'In the beginning I didn't realise we looked the same, because I didn’t know him.
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is challenged to a table tennis match by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping, who beats him despite playing with a wooden spoon. In his day job, he is well versed at telling his sidekick Watson just how 'elementary' things can be. But Benedict found the shoe was very much on the other foot when he tried his hand at table tennis yesterday.
LPGA golf course course-crasher plunges into pond to retrieve hat. It wasn't a great shot stealing the limelight at the LPGa golf tournament in Hawaii this week but a stray spectator on the course. An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond.
Maine man trapped in seatbelt on way back from Easter. Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop. When Clint tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt.
Fred the Red among Manchester United megastore staff sweating over their futures. Dozens of staff at Manchester United's Megastore, including mascot Fred, are sweating over the club's world-record £750m kit deal about to kick in. On July 31 Nike, who employ Fred and a number of other workers at the Old Trafford shop, will see their agreement with the club expire. Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has branded the obsession with Jurgen Klopp's next move as a 'ridiculous circus'. Klopp confirmed on Wednesday that his intention was to leave Borussia Dortmund.
The unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground on top of an Edwardian semi-detached home in Greenwich, south east London. A local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles and quickly took snaps of the man.
The Milan Derby used to be Italian football’s biggest attraction. A host of world stars, two unwavering sets of supporters and a fierce rivalry meant AC Milan and Inter could always guarantee a spectacle. It was certainly the case in April 2005.
New York City FC 2-2 Philadelphia Union. Manchester City’s problems are not confined to the Barclays Premier League. Over the pond, Jason Kreis is finding life increasingly difficult.
Villarreal's slide continued as a Diego Castro header gave Getafe a 1-1 draw in La Liga on Sunday but the match was overshadowed by a serious looking injury to Mateo Musacchio. The Argentine was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go after his ankle appeared to buckle when he was running for the ball.
NAC Breda manager Robert Maaskant lets his fists do the talking. Giving away healthy lead is enough to send most managers into a fit of rage. There are many players out there that could vouch for that.
Diego Maradona loses his cool and lashes out at a steward at charity match. The 1986 World Cup winner scored the winner during an exhibition match in Bogota to support the peace process in Colombia. However he saw red with the steward trying to halt him whilst applauding fans after the match.
Bournemouth 2-1 Reading: Callum Wilson's 22nd goal sets Cherries on their way to third successive win. Another hurdle on the way to the Premier League has been negotiated as they secured a hard-fought win over Reading. This was tense, though.
Ars Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess which means Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final will clash with a key Premier League title game. Arsenal will take on Reading on Saturday evening as league leaders Chelsea take on Manchester United at Stamford Bridge.
Luis Suarez is starting to look like £75m very well spent. He scored the two goals at the Etihad that saw off Manchester City in the last 16, he scored in the Clasico to leave the league title in Barcelona's hands, and with two more goals on Wednesday in the Parc des Princes, Luis Suarez put his team practically in the Champions League semi-finals. Luis Suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games – six from six – six of which have come against Paris Saint-Germain. His overall tally is 18 and Barça's front three are on 91 for the
Zlatan Ibrahimovic suspended four matches by French league for criticising referee. Paris Saint-Germain striker Zlatlan Ibrahimovic was suspended four times by the French league's disciplinary commission following his criticism of a referee last month. Following PSG's 3-2 loss at Bordeaux in the league on March 15, the Swede striker lost his temper.
Simon Mignolet insists Liverpool are not feeling the pressure of trying to give Steven Gerrard a dream send-off. Victory over Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday enabled Brendan Rodgers’ squad to set up a date with Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final next Sunday.
Wayne Rooney has revealed how he is developing his own style of captaincy to lead Manchester United this season. Rooney has served under a number of big names for club and country during his career, but admits that he has had to learn to be his own man after Louis van Gaal handed him the armband last summer.
Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead shares her five tips for achieving perfect Chelsea street style. Binky has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished, put-together look she is famed for. She is known for her simple but chic looks and her love of statement eye make-up on a night out. And now the brunette has teamed up with phone case company Otterbox as they launch their new MySymmetry customisable series to share some insider tips using her favourite high street buys.
Boca Juniors set up Copa Libertadores last-16 clash with River Plate after 2-0 victory over Palestino. Leandro Marin headed the Argentinian giants into the lead in the final minute but a lengthy delay in the second half meant there was a significant amount of injury time, with Jonatan Calleri sealing all three points in the 11th minute of time added on. Victory over their Chilean opponents ensured Boca finish as the highest seeds of the competition.
Robert Durst sends bizarre letter to reporter in prison. Molly Hennessey-Fiske, a reporter for the Los Angeles Times who has been covering proceedings against Durst, 71, after his mid-March arrest in Louisiana, received a letter purporting to have been written by the suspect in state prison. The letter, post-marked April 1st in Baton Rouge, specifically states that Durst'said nothing about charges, crimes or trials' but rambles on about Durst's thoughts on life in southern California. Murder suspect Robert Durstr has sent a bizarre letter, in which he mentions his taste
Teenager flung into the air and flung on her head after being hit by a car. Astonishingly, the 15-year-old girl, who was hit on Entrance Road in Warrilla at about 1am on Wednesday morning, suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital. The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud.
Australia is the most expensive country in the world. A new financial survey has confirmed what Australians already know. We live in the most expensive country in the world. The annual survey from Deutsche Bank has shown that for the fourth consecutive year, Australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place.
French tourists set quokka on fire. Two French men have been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in Fremantle Magistrates Court on April 17. The two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokkie on Rottnest Island off Perth in Western Australia on April 3. The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame.
Denis Suarez scores late winner for Sevilla. Denis Suarez scored a late winner as Sevilla came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie against Zenit St Petersburg 2-1. Winger Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half.
A grandmother held her daughter and grandson hostage after abducting them with a Taser stun gun. An Amber Alert was issued after toddler Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in Des Moines, Washington, on Tuesday. Police say the 40-year-old mother was stunned and bound with plastic ties before being driven with her son to a house in Fife.
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video as they steal items from passenger luggage. The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft, and found workers rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the aircraft's belly. This as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
Shannen Hussein, 21, lives on a hobby farm outside Melbourne with over 150 pets. The 21-year-old lives who on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne, has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes. But her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon.
Woman, 60, arrested for running unlicensed dental clinic. Carmem Dierks was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida, according to authorities. She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab.
Pippa Middleton goes jogging in pink sneakers. The Duchess of Cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine, displaying her toned figure in a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap. Scroll down for video Fit and healthy: Pippah Middleton was seen enjoying a run in a London park, stopping to chat to a fellow jogger. The royal sister topped off the chicness of her ensemble with a peek at a pink sports bra underneath her blue top, which echoed the pink in her sneaks perfectly.
Siem de Jong targeting Swansea return for Newcastle. The 26-year-old Holland international midfielder played 45 minutes for the club's Under-21s team on Wednesday evening after competing his recovery from surgery to repair a collapsed lung. De Jong is targeting Newcastle's home clash with Swansea later this month after an eight-month injury nightmare.
Paul Gascoigne's daughter Bianca mugged by gang on bikes in London. Former model Bianca was targeted by the gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon as the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in Marylebone. The attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag.
Parma deducted four points for breaching financial regulations. Serie A club Parma have been deducted three points for breaking financial regulations. The sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season.
Piers Morgan calls on Arsenal to sack Arsene Wenger and replace him with Jurgen Klopp. Arsenal should sack Wenger, says Morgan, who says the club would be a 'perfect' fit for the 'dynamic, driven young winner'. Arsenal must sack Wenger now, says pundit Morgan. Arsenal need to replace Wenger with Borussia Dortmund boss Klopp, says Piers, who has long been a critic of Wenger.
Jurgen Klopp confirms he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The colourful 47-year-old coach has been linked with several other English teams in the past, including Liverpool and Arsenal, and has a long-standing interest in working here. The emotion was clear to see as Klopp announced he was leaving the club on Wednesday.
Manchester United winger Ashley Young celebrated his prominent role in his side's derby win by laughing at 'noisy neighbours' City. The 29-year-old, who scored United's first goal and created two more for Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling, said Louis van Gaal's side were focused on quieting the Manchester City fans.
Dani Dani Alves insists he is yet to sign a pre-contract agreement with another club following rumours that the Brazilian is set to quit Barcelona this summer. The 31-year-old's agent revealed last week that Alves has rejected Barca's latest contract offer.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona against Paris Saint-Germain, and Spanish media have celebrated the Spain defender beforehand.The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United and Mundo Deportivo have dedicated their front page to the Spaniard, with the headline: 'The Pique Spirit.'Pique is poised to star for Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final match with PSG in the French capital on Wednesday night.Asked whether he remembers the moment he became a Barcelona supporter, Pique told UEFA: 'I don't think it's a moment, it's
Swansea City 1-1 Everton: Roberto Martinez seethed as three points became one. Aaron Lennon has finally found something to smile about but Roberto Martinez carried the frown of a man down on his luck as he headed for the bus home. That’s not to say this was a bad day for Everton.
Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for Everton delivering what might be their worse season for nine years. The Merseyside outfit played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev.
Sergey Bubka pledges to crack down on doping. Sergey Bubka, Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president, launched his election manifesto on Wednesday with a promise to take a hardline approach to doping. The Ukrainian pole vault great is battling with fellow IAAF vice-president Coe for the top job at athletics' world governing body. The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics.
Barcelona will offer £50million for in-demand Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba, and plan to let him stay in Italy for a year on loan. Spanish press reports indicate Chelsea are their only rivals for the Frenchman's signature.
Chihuahua and bearded dragon play tag in hilarious video. Videoed in their front room, the dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. Standing perfectly still while looking in the other direction, the bearded dragon initially appears disinterested.
Bird infestation leaves Texas family terrified. The superstitious will know - or perhaps those who have seen Alfred Hitchcock's classic film The Birds - that a bird in the house is a bad omen and one that is said to equate to death. So a family in Texas would be forgiven for being slightly put out about the fact that their home became infested with them.
Utah Utah man confessed to stabbing his ex-wife to death on Wednesday when he called 911 and turned himself in. Chief Mike Nelsen, Brigham City Police Department told Fox that when police arrived, Keltsie was found dead in the living room with stab wounds.
Robbie Savage has taken to Twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends. The Match of the Day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his 'podgy' label but he still has some way to go to return back to his so-called 'glory days.'
Ronald Koeman insists Southampton's goals have dried up due to their Barclays Premier League rivals giving them more respect. Saints have slipped out of the Champions League places and into seventh following a run of three defeats in their last six games.
Jordan Spieth hails'most incredible week' of his life after winning the Masters. Spieth held his nerve in Sunday's final round to keep control of the season's first major championship, matching Tiger Woods' record of an 18-under 270 and finishing four shots clear of the field. 'It was very nerve-racking today,' Spieth said. 'I thought today might be a little easier than yesterday having played a round with the lead but it wasn't.
Justin Rose admits he lost to Jordan Spieth at the Masters. The 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat Rose and Phil Mickelson by four shots and become the second youngest Masters winner - after Tiger Woods in 1997. Spieth became only the fourth player after Jack Nicklaus, Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods to reach 17 under.
Aljaz Bedene crashes out of Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca. British No 2 Aljaz Bedene was unable to sustain his strong run since switching allegiance from Slovenia, crashing out of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca in the last eight. The world No 99 had breezed past fellow-qualifier Arthur De Greef of Belgium in a 70-minute, straight-sets victory.
AndyAndy Murray has shown nerves of steel on the tennis court, but the British No 1 appeared slightly overwhelmed by the occasion during his wedding rehearsal on Friday. The former Wimbledon champion is marrying his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday.
Andy Murray's trial with Jonas Bjorkman takes on greater significance. Instead of enjoying a conventional honeymoon after his wedding on Saturday Andy Murray will be heading to Barcelona next week for a training block that has now taken on a much increased significance. For in the wake of Amelie Mauresmo's announcement that she is pregnant, the world No 3's trial has assumed a greater importance.
Leicester 14-6 Saracens: Tom Youngs sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton. A moment of madness from England hooker Tom Young's handed Sarries victory but the second-placed Londoners were frustrated by their failure to earn a four-try bonus. With Leicester 6-0 up after 37 minutes.
Harlequins 24-18 Gloucester: Conor O'Shea believes Yarde will be recalled to England fold. Yarde excelled in Saturday's roller-coaster Aviva Premiership victory over Gloucester, scoring the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop. The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn, but was overlooked by England throughout the 6 Nations.
Alastair Cook fails with the bat again as West Indies dominate England. The West Indies believe they now dominate England captain Alastairs Cook whose nightmare start to the series saw him fail in both innings of the first Test - along with opening partner Jonathan Trott. England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in Antigua.
Ian Botham tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record on the third morning in Antigua. Beef at a good price.
Al Alastair Cook fails with the bat for second time in a row as England struggle to build on first-innings lead. Cook may have had a long break working on his batting with his old mentor Graham Gooch but his technical problems very much remain.
Finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer. Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians in their Indian Premier League match against Rajasthan Royals.
Steph Curry makes 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row. 'Steph Curry with the shot,' is a lyric synonymous from hip hop star Drake's song 0 to 100 and the point guard has been showing off his stunning finishing skills again during a recent practice session. Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season.
San Antonio Spurs announce band Spuran Spuran in hilarious music video. Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band - with the bands name in reference to English rockers Duran Duran. The video shows the four players performing debut single 'Spurs!'
Pacers 99-95 Wizards. C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt to open the second overtime on Tuesday as Indiana kept their playoff hopes alive with a 99- 95 victory over Washington.
Christian Benteke believes Aston Villa can be safe from relegation with one more victory. The Belgian striker, back to form under manager Tim Sherwood with eight goals in six games, said his side must continue to stretch their lead over the drop zone.
Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their Premier League winning streak and challenge for the title. No other scoreline could have emphasised how seriously this new Arsenal team are taking their prospects of winning major trophies again. 'One-nil to the Arsenal' used to be commonplace before Arsene Wenger arrived and made everything more exciting.
Premier League relegation battle: Who will survive?. The title race appears to be over, but what about the fight to stay in the Premier League?.
Leicester 2-1 West Bromwich Albion: Jamie Vardy's stoppage-time winner gives Foxes hope of survival. Leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months, cemented to the bottom of the table since November. But two successive wins give genuine hope.
Leicester City boss Nigel Pearson insists survival is still firmly in his side's hands. Successive last-gasp victories have reignited struggling Leicester City's Premier League survival bid and manager Nigel Pearson said his side’s fate is back in their own hands. Late goals from Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy sealed a dramatic 3-2 victory against West Bromwich Albion.
Leicester 3-2 West Brom: Jamie Vardy's injury-time winner gives Foxes slim chance of survival. Nigel Pearson spent the last quarter of this match pushing his team on from his technical area, clapping, cajoling, instructing. He has experienced a great escape at the Hawthorns before.
QPR and Chelsea to be contacted by FA after Branislav Ivanovic hit on the head by cigarette lighter. QPR are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident which happened as Chelsea players celebrated the winning goal in Sunday's 1-0 victory. It is understood however that the FA will seek observations from each club.
Chris Ramsey can't hide his devastation after QPR fall to a late Cesc Fabregas winner. Chris Ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders Chelsea for 88 minutes at Loftus Road in the west London derby. However the devastation was too much for the QPR boss.
Stoke City open talks with Evian over £3.5m rated full back Daniel Wass. Stoke City have opened talks over a possible summer deal for Evian flyer Daniel Wass.
Marko Arnautovic's 95th minute equaliser sees West Ham drop points for second game in a row. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce conceded that his side are suffering from a psychological problem after Marko Arnautovic&rsquo;s 95th-minute equaliser saw the Hammers drop points against Stoke City for the second time in four games. Stoke City (4-2-3-1): Begovic 6.5; Cameron 6, Shawcross 6, Wilson 6 (Pieters 49, 5.5); Whelan 6 (Ireland 67), Nz
DickDick Advocaat has refused to rule out staying on as Sunderland boss beyond the end of this season. The 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the Black Cats and celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over North-East rivals Newcastle last weekend.
Tottenham to take on the very best players from Major League Soccer in 2015 AT&T MLS All Stars. Tottenham will take on some of the best players in the world when they compete in the 2015 MLS All-Star game as part of their pre-season preparations in the summer. Tottenham are set to face some of Europe's best players when they take on a host of the world's best in the MLS All Star game.
Greg Dyke vows there will be no repeat of FA’s failure to deliver Jeff Astle research. The Football Association chairman admits his organisation's response to former West Bromwich Albion's death aged 59 in 2002, from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football, was 'woefully inadequate'. The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia after a coroner found Astle's brain'resembled that of a boxer'.
West Ham must be ready to face 'wounded animal' Manchester City. Midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate has warned West Ham to be ready for Manchester City on Sunday. The champions have seen their title defence left in tatters following a run of four defeats in six matches.
West Ham striker Carlton Cole says he can't approach Sam Allardyce about a new contract - because the manager doesn't know whether he's even staying at Upton Park. Cole's contract expires at the end of the season and it is unclear whether he'll stay at the club beyond the summer.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic back in the Champions League next season, so he can have the opportunity of playing in the 'best atmosphere in Europe' once more. The Scottish giants failed to qualify for Europe's elite club competition this campaign after losing 2-1 on aggregate to Slovenian outfit Maribor in the play-off round in August.
Celtic could win the Scottish Premiership title against closest rivals Aberdeen on May 10 – if both teams win all their games beforehand. The Parkhead side face Kilmarnockat Parkhead on Wednesday night with the chance to go eight points clear. And winning their subsequent games – with Aberdeen doing likewise – could see Ronny Deila’s team win their fourth successive championship in the north east.
Rangers-Hearts clash with Hearts moved back to May 2. The Scottish Professional Football League has performed a U-turn by switching Rangers' final-day clash against Hearts back to Saturday, May 2. The league found itself at the centre of a furious row on Wednesday after announcing it had moved Gers' Tynecastle fixture.
Rangers fans let themselves down by setting off flares in the Energy Assets Arena. Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half and threatened to upset Rangers.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992. Barcelona won the quarter-final, first-leg match 3-1 to put themselves in control of the tie.
Spanish media praise Barcelona for Champions League win over PSG. Barcelona's Champions League quarter-final first-leg win over Paris Saint-Germain has been lauded by the Spanish media. Two goals from Luis Suarez and an effort from Neymar have given the four-time winners a commanding 3-1 lead going into their return fixture.
Atletico Madrid striker Mario Mandzukic has denied claims that Real Madrid defender Daniel Carvajal bit him during Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final match. The two players were engaged in a physical battle throughout the goalless first leg at the Vicente Calderon stadium.
All you need to know about every Premier League fixture this weekend. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need for every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need.
Everton vs Southampton: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need for Everton's home clash with Southampton.
All you need to know about this weekend's Premier League fixtures. Ahead of this weekend’s Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need for every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats.
Ra Raheem Sterling pictured with a shisha pipe at Liverpool's Melwood base on Wednesday. Sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide.
Ra Raheem Sterling will escape a club punishment after the Liverpool forward was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide. The England international is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday and he will be reminded of his professional responsibilities.
Sir Bradley Wiggins to attempt to break cycling's hour record at London's Olympic Velodrome. The four-time Olympic champion and 2012 Tour de France winner, who is 35 on April 28, will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the Lee Valley VeloPark. The event will be broadcast live on Sky Sports.
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team confirmed for first Tour de Yorkshire. Former England cricketer Matt Prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the world's best cyclists re-converge on the Yorkshire roads early next month. Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1.
Bradley Wiggins fails to win Paris-Roubaix. There was no glorious Team Sky send-off for Sir Bradley Wiggins despite a terrific effort from the Briton. The 2012 Tour de France winner is quitting the team.
Sam Bennett reveals injuries after 50-rider pile-up at Scheldeprijs one day Classic. Sam Bennett has revealed the extent of the shocking injuries he sustained after the Bora-Argon 18 cyclist was involved in a mass crash in the final kilometre of the one-day Classic. The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday and, although he escaped without any long-lasting injury, Bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders.
George Bailey to join Sussex for second half of T20 Blast campaign. George Bailey is to join the Sussex squad for the second part of their NatWest T20 campaign this summer. Australia batsman Bailey, who will also be available in the Royal London Cup, has signed a deal to take over from Mahela Jayawardene.
Manchester United and Chelsea will be taking part in the International Champions Cup in the US this summer. The Premier League rivals announced on Wednesday afternoon that they would take part.
Valencia turned up the heat on Atletico Madrid in the fight for third place in La Liga when a 3-0 derby victory at home to Levante on Monday lifted the Singapore-owned club to within a point of the champions with seven games left Paco Alcacer nodded Valencia in front from a Dani Parejo centre in the 16th minute at the Mestalla before Lucas Orban crossed for Sofiane Feghouli to head a second for the home side nine minutes before the break.
Inter Milan target Lucas Leiva and Alex Song if Jovetic and Toure fail. Roberto Mancini has Liverpool midfielder Leiva, currently on loan at West Ham, and Barcelona's Song on his list of alternatives. Inter Milan are set to turn to Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leivea and Barcelona midfielder Alex Song.
Derby County season ticket holders from the 2010-11 campaign might struggle to believe it but Alberto Bueno prepares to face his former club Real Madrid on Wednesday as the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga with a big money move to Porto waiting for him at the end of the season. Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago.
Daniel Sturridge faces a fight to be fit for Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa on Sunday after being left out of their game against Newcastle United with an injury problem. Sturridge, who has missed much of the season through injury, will have his fitness monitored ahead of the Wembley clash on Sunday.
La Liga title race back on after Barcelona throw away two-goal lead to Sevilla. The 'Championship comeback' is what the Madrid-based paper Marca led with, after Cristiano Ronaldo inspired Carlo Ancelotti's side to a comfortable 3-0 win over Eibar and Sevilla denied Barcelona with a 2-goal comeback. AS shared the same view with the headline 'Two points away!' and confirmed that Real have a fully fit squad.
Sevilla 2-1 Barcelona: Claudio Bravo and Gerard Pique errors cost Barca. Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against Sevilla, which leaves them just two points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga. It was a cruel twist of fate for Bravo and Pique, both of whom have been outstanding.
Kuyt returns to Feyenoord, aiming to end career at club. Former Holland forward Dirk Kuyts is returning to the club that was a launching pad for nine years at Liverpool and Fenerbahce, the Rotterdam club announced Friday. He signed a one-year contract with the Dutch Eredivisie club, but said his stay will likely be longer.
Utrecht's Edouard Duplan sees the funny side of mishap and laughs with the bench during Ajax draw. Utreacht has twelve players on the pitch at one stage during Sunday's 1-1 draw with Ajax at the Stadion Galgenwaard. No, the home side weren't cheating.
Chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with Belgian club Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz. The Belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer. They are 13th in the table, two points above the relegation places.
Arsenal 1-0 Burnley: Aaron Ramsey fires Gunners to eighth win in a row. The days of soft old Arsenal not liking it up 'em when they get north of Watford are long gone. A first-half strike by the outstanding Aaron Ramsey was enough to see off Burnley at an intimidating Turf Moor.
Jordan Spieth is a sporting phenomenon. Momentarily, he looked his age. Having struck his second shot 163 yards to within six feet of the pin, Spieth stood over his ball on the 18th green. History was assured. He wasn't going to three-putt from there, so whatever happened this would be the lowest 36-hole score in the history of the Masters.
Jordan Spieth makes history at the Masters. Just another history-making day at this wonderful 79th Masters saw Dustin Johnson become the first man ever to have three eagles in one round and yet still he couldn’t lay a finger on Jordan Spieth. Following one stunning round with another happens about as often as pieces of litter drifting across the property.
D Derry Mathews will take on Venezuelan knockout artist Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title after Richar Abril pulled out of their April 18 date. AbrIL has been elevated to ‘champion in recess’ with Darleys Perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division.
Josh Warrington will be accompanied into the ring by Vinnie Jones on Saturday as he boxes in front of 10,000 passionate fans in Leeds. The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters and will have his eye on a world title in the next 12 months.
Manny Pacquiao thanks Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support. Manny Pacquaio took to Instagram on Thursday to thank American film director Spike Lee for supporting his fight against Floyd Mayweather.
Danny Garcia reveals he has an extra toe on his right foot. Unbeaten boxer Danny Garcia, who defeated Amir Khan in four rounds in 2012, revealed he will carry an unusual advantage when he steps into the ring to face Lamont Peterson on Saturday. The Puerto Rican-born fighter has revealed his special weapon, which has seen him never knocked down. The light welterweight champion stripped off his sock to show his six toes in an interview with TMZ.
Andy Murray to marry Kim Sears in Scotland. The wedding of the year in Scotland takes place on Saturday when British No 1 and two-time Grand Slam champion Andy Murray marries Kim Sears, his girlfriend of almost 10 years, in his hometown of Dunblane. Murray and Sears, both aged 27, met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr's training camp ahead of $300m fight. The anticipation has been ramped up ahead of next month's $300million mega fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. American television network Showtime has released a short promotional video from within the Mayweather camp.
Xabi Alonso eyes Champions League glory with Bayern Munich. He may be a noted team man but Alonso admits he has his sights on some personal glory as Bayern Munich prepare for the next phase of their bid for the Champions League. Victory this season with Bayern would make Alonso only the second player to win European football's top trophy with three clubs having held it during his time at Liverpool and Real Madrid.
Benzema insists Real Madrid are capable of becoming the first side to retain the Champions League due to their undoubted quality.The La Liga giants won their 10th European Cup last season and Benzema is confident that his side can quickly add to their impressive tally.Speaking to adidas football, Benzema said: 'We are trying to get to the final. Needless to say, we have a great team, who'll give their all to be there at the end.
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid: 'I always think that tomorrow I could be sacked'. There was a communal sigh let-out across several boardrooms of top European football clubs two weeks ago when he put pen to paper on a new deal that ties him to the club until 2019. Sporting directors from Manchester to Milan were watching his situation carefully and the new four year contract with the option of a fifth season appears to have ended his chances.
Carlo Ancelotti hails Diego Simeone as one of the world's best coaches ahead of Real Madrid's Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid. The Italian boss oversees Los Blancos training at the club's Valdebebas training ground on Monday. He is a great coach, I like him a lot.
Leonardo Jardim has reignited his feud with Arsene Wenger by claiming Champions League quarter-final opponents Juventus are by far the better team. The Ligue 1 boss led his team out at Juventus Stadium ahead of Tuesday's clash.
Carlos Tevez talks about being as free as a bird, back to the days when he was banging in the goals in Argentina for Boca Juniors. A big hit on the famous steeped terracing at La Bombonera as he followed in the footsteps of Diego Maradona, Claudio Cannigia and some of the other greats. Here in Turin he is worshipped at the Juventus Stadium, one of the idols in the shirt of the Bianconeri.
Mark Clattenburg to take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final. English referee Mark Clattenburg will take charge of the Champions League quarter-final clash between Paris Saint-germain and Barcelona on Wednesday night, and he will be assisted by five other Englishmen. Clattenberg, regarded by UEFA to be England's top official, is the only English appointment for the first leg meetings of Europe's top eight clubs.
Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri expects a 'boring' Champions League match against AS Monaco. Juventus coach Allegri has warned that Monaco, who have conceded only four goals in eight games on their way to the quarter-finals, would be a completely different proposition to Borussia Dortmund, who Juventus beat 5-1 on aggregate in the last 16. The Juventus squad look relaxed as they are put through their paces in sunny Turin.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than the Premier League. Former Manchester United and City striker Carlos tevez has claimed it is much harder for a striker to score in Italy than England. The Argentine, who has scored 36 goals in the Italian league since arriving at Juventus in the summer of 2013, blasted Premier League midfields as 'non-existent', and suggested defending is better on the continent.
Parma beat Juventus 1-0 in Serie A. Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game on the hour mark, while a string of fine saves from Parma goalkeeper Antonio Mirante also helped Roberto Donadoni's side to a memorable win.
Rangers Rangers top scorer Nicky Law has emerged as a £500,000 target for a trio of English Championship clubs. Sportsmail understands Law's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten English clubs.
Bournemouth 2-0 Brighton: Yann Kermorgant fires Cherries into the lead with sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute. Eddie Howe's men move four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton. Yann Kermor­gant hit a wonderful 25-yard free-kick which wrong-footed David Stockdale and flew into the left of goal.
Blackburn should brace themselves for interest in their players from top-flight clubs, manager Gary Bowyer has said. Sky Bet Championship side Rovers were eliminated from the competition on Wednesday night by Brendan Rodgers' Liverpool, who booked a semi-final date at Wembley at the second time of asking thanks to Philippe Coutinho's angled 70th-minute finish in an Ewood Park replay.
Luis Suarez scores Barcelona's 1,000th goal in European competition as the Catalan giants claimed a 3-1 victory over PSG on Wednesday night. The former Liverpool star scored a brace as Barcelona took charge of their Champions League quarter-final tie against the French champions.
Pep Guardiola: Why are we so bad now?. It's all Pep Guardiola's fault; him and the good folk of Scotland or, at least, St Andrews. It is a simplification, of course, but perhaps a useful way of understanding why, as we survey the Champions League quarter finals, there are no Premier League clubs troubling the scorers.
Steve Clarke urges Reading players to approach FA Cup semi-final like any other day at work. The town of Reading may have been swept up in FA Cup euphoria, but Steve Clarke has instructed his players not to get caught up in the occasion. It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four juncture.
Jurgen Klopp tells Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season. The 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off.
Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka release 96 red balloons at Hillsborough memorial service. Wednesday marked the 26th anniversary of the disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest and the annual memorial service was typically poignant and emotional. The 96 balloons commemorate the 96 supporters who lost their lives at the Hillsborough disaster 26 years ago.
LiverpoolFC are set to take action against a fan who said that two Muslim men praying at the club's stadium were a 'disgrace'. Stephen Dodd caused outrage when he posted a photograph online showing solicitors Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula worshipping during half-time of a FA Cup game.
5 things we learned from Barcelona's emphatic 3-0 win over PSG. Barcelona took a major step towards qualification for the last four of the Champions League after they dismantled Paris Saint-Germain on Wednesday night. Sportsmail's ADAM CRAFTON takes a look at five things we learnt from the game.
Bayer Leverkusen defender Emir Spahic could face a lengthy ban after video footage emerged appearing to show him fighting and aiming a headbutt at stewards after a defeat by Bayern Munich on Wednesday night. The incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne and could now be investigated by police.
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford. Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side.
Ibrahimovic hat-trick helps PSG reach French Cup final. Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach the French cup final on Wednesday. Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago, and Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal.
Simon Eastwood's last-gasp save gives Liverpool a place in FA Cup semi-finals. It is not often you hear this said but the goalkeeper really should have scored. Deep in injury time, with Blackburn’s FA Cup journey about to end, Eastwood appeared for a corner and found the ball.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe. This is the second time Sterling has been pictured in the past few days. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.
Will Stevens hoping for third time lucky with Manor. Will Stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team in either qualifying or the race in the opening two Formula One events of the year in Australia and Malaysia. The 23-year-old, speaking ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix, said: 'Clearly Malaysia was a tough weekend for me.
Justin Carney out for up to two months after elbow surgery. Castleford's blockbusting Australian winger Justin Carney is set to be out for months after being told he needs elbow surgery. The news could have been worse for Carney, who dislocated his elbow in the Tigers' 25-4 win over Hull KR last Saturday.
British taekwondo star Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova. Cook, 24, who was overlooked for the Great Britain squad at London 2012, applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici.
Nathan Hughes's ban for knocking out George North overturned on appeal. Nathan Hughes on Friday night had his ban for accidentally knocking out Northampton's George North sensationally over-turned on appeal, following an outcry on his behalf. The Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches, after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been'reckless'.
Carl Hayman admits Toulon have a lot of work to do to secure third consecutive Champions Cup title. TOULON captain Hayman admitted Bernard Laporte's men were distinctly underwhelmed by their performance levels in Sunday's 32-18 quarter-final victory over Wasps. The Cote d'Azur outfit had Frederic Michalak's unerring boot and Ali Williams' late try to thank.
Wasps made an honourable and defiant exit from the Champions Cup on Sunday as they took the holders to the wire and may have clinched a seismic upset, but for a glaring official oversight. Dai Young's side became the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europe’s premier event over a punishing weekend.
Michael Phelps to return to competition after six-month ban for drink-driving. Michael Phelps will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa, Arizona, from April 15-18. The 29-year-old American - the most decorated Olympian in history with 22 medals, 18 of them golds - will compete.
Perth man pleads guilty to groping female passenger on Qantas flight home. Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29 and was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip. However, after downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry.
Police fear that two serial pedophiles arrested last month may have had more victims. Authorities in Muskogee, Oklahoma announced on Wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims of William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo.
Caroline Wozniacki and J.J. Watt take in basketball game in Indiana. Caroline was joined by Houston Texans star Watt in the stands as the pair cheered on the players at a NCAA Final Four college basketball championship game on Monday in Indianapolis, Indiana. The game between between the Duke Blue Devils and the University of Wisconsin's Badgers took place at the Lucas Oil Stadium in the city.
Caroline Wozniacki plays tennis with US President Barack Obama at Easter Egg Roll. The Danish ace participated in this year's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among American people. The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Family of murdered Australian baseball player Chris Lane break down in court as they listen to 911 call. The family of murdered Australian baseball player Chris Lane broke down as they listened to an emergency call revealing the distressing final moments of his life. The 22-year-old, from Melbourne, was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in August 2013, when he was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.
Pablo Osvaldo wants Andrea Pirlo and Francisco Totti to join him at Boca Juniors. The 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from Southampton and has become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games. He believes that the duo would be a good fit for Boca, and says the fans would love to have them line up on the La Bombonera pitch.
Passengers were forced to run for their lives after a plane erupted into flames prior to take-off. The terrifying incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel, and video captured shows the moment six passengers escaped.
Van Persie ruled out of Manchester derby. Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals City in Sunday's derby at Old Trafford but will have to do so without Robin van Persie.
Manchester United and Manchester City composite XI. At the start of the year the prospect of Manchester United leading rivals Manchester City going into April's derby at Old Trafford looked extremely unlikely. But Louis van Gaal's side have hit form at the right time.
Manchester derby: 10 key questions and answers. It is not a match to decide the title, as has been the case in earlier seasons. But the Manchester derby this Sunday still holds great significance for both clubs, managers and, of course, supporters.
Louis van Gaal says Aston Villa scared him more than the idea of taking on Manchester City at Old Trafford. United will be looking to end a run of four successive Manchester derby defeats on Sunday when City make the short trip across town.
Man City boss Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by Manchester United's rise up the table. Manchester City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions and travel to Old Trafford on Sunday to take on Manchester United. Man City are struggling to find their feet in the Premier League and face Manchester United on Sunday.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney returns to his preferred position up front. To mark the point at which Manchester United's season really began to turn around, you have to go back further than the win against Tottenham last month. The truth is that a dark, cold night at Preston North End in mid-February is more significant.
Sunderland Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat says Jermain Defoe's wonder goal has set Sunderland on their way to Premier League survival – but Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul has been criticised for appearing to congratulate the derby match-winner. The Holland international waited in the tunnel for Defoe at half-time, seconds after he had smashed the stunning 20-yard volley which decided yesterday’s Tyne-Wear clash.
Sunderland Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe believes his stunning volley against Newcastle has proven his worth. Defoe's superb first-half strike was enough to secure a 1-0 win for Sunderland in the Wear-Tyne derby.
Jer Jermain Defoe admits he even had to question that it was even happening. Sunderland hitman smashed home a missile of a left-footed volley in Sunday's 1-0 win at the Stadium of Light.
Sunderland boss John Carver 'embarrassed' by Newcastle's capitulation. Jermain Defoe's stunning strike was enough to secure a 1-0 victory for the Black Cats, who eased their relegation fears with just a third Barclays Premier League win of the season at the Stadium of Light. The Magpies were desperately poor before the break.
Sunderland 1-0 Newcastle United: Jermain Defoe's brilliant volley gives the Black Cats the lead. Amid the frenetic chaos of a North East derby low on sustained quality came a goal as memorable as any scored in this fixture over the years. Sunderland were the better team here.
Six-year-old boy who had to have half of his teeth removed due to high sugar diet taken away from parents. A six-year old boy has been taken from his parents due to his poor dental health. Details have emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading, Berkshire, by Judge Eleanor Owens. The judge said the boy's parents, who are Latvian, had accepted that their son had suffered from 'poor dental hygiene' due to a diet high in sugar.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy stolen from Doncaster, South Yorkshire. With the helpless animals clutched tightly under his arms, this is the moment a suspected dog thief made off with two beloved family pets. The pair had been left to play in the front garden by their owners Adele and Steven Worgan. But they were snatched when the couple weren't looking – and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV.
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment on the city’s public transport. Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn and Sir John Madejski: 'If someone really wants to kill me, they can kill me any time'. The petite Thai woman sitting by Sir John madejski presents herself initially as a typical grandmother. But then she offers a chilling insight into what it is to be one of Thailand's most powerful women, a super-rich Harvard Business School graduate.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers admits he was'surprised and shocked' by the online racist abuse targeted at the club's striker Mario Balotelli. Anti-discrimination body Kick It Out revealed on Thursday night that the Italy international had been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season.
Britain's Adam Peaty breaks men's 100m breast stroke world record. The 20-year-old from Uttoxeter's gold-winning time on Friday beat the previous record of 58.46 set by South African Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics. Britain's Olympic gold medallist Adam Peety has broken the men's breaststroke world record with a time of 57.92 seconds.
Dion Dublin makes his presenting debut on BBC's Homes Under The Hammer. The former Aston Villa frontman joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series as he looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford. Dion Dublin has made his BBC presenting debut as a co-host on Monday morning.
Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young among Manchester United stars who made the trip to London via train on Friday ahead of this weekend's Premier League clash at Chelsea. Led by captain Wayne Rooney the Red Devils' contingent commuted via Stockport Railway Station to the English capital. It was earlier revealed that the 29-year-old striker may have to revert to a midfield role against the Blues after Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were ruled out of the clash due to injury.
Louis van Gaal reveals Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will miss Manchester United's clash with Chelsea. The Dutchman wasted no time in revealing that Carrick and Blind will miss the much-anticipated clash at Stamford Bridge through injury. Four players capable of filling two key positions. 'The worst scenario,' Van Gaal called it.
Frank Knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner Owen Oyston and his son, chairman Karl The Oyston family served to form a further wedge between themselves and Blackpool’s fans after a pensioner was forced to pay a staggering £20,000 in damages for allegations made online. Frank Knight, a lifelong supporter of the Seasiders, was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year.
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood has confirmed he will start Shay Given against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday, a day before the Irishman turns 39. The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets.
Luke Luke Shaw thought he had done OK as he walked off the Old Trafford pitch at half-time during Manchester United’s FA Cup tie against Arsenal last month. Steady, nothing special, but he felt invigorated all the same.
Philippe Coutinho has starred for Liverpool since moving from Inter Milan in 2013. The Brazil playmaker arrived at Anfield for just £8.5million in 2013.
Newport County have sacked Chris Zebroski after the striker was jailed for four years and four months for robbery, attempted robbery and assault. The 28-year-old played for the League Two side as recently as Tuesday but now faces an uncertain future in football.
John Carver insists he's enjoying his role at Newcastle despite torrid start to season. The 50-year-old has suffered a torrid time since replacing Alan Pardew as head coach at St James' Park until at least the end of the season. Pardews's former assistant has managed just two wins in 14 games in all competitions to date and has seen his side lose their last five Barclays Premier League fixtures.
Aaron Ramsey warns Arsenal team-mates to beware Wales overtaking them in FIFA rankings. Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings to move within eight places of England. Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying.
Handley hat-trick helps Leeds to 41-16 win over St Helens. A hat-tricks of tries from teenage winger Ash Handley helped Leeds to a handsome victory over Saints that takes them six points clear at the top of Super League. The 19-year-old got his big chance due to an injury to England winger Tom Briscoe and how he has seized it.
Elephant charges at man and squashes him into the mud after invading his village in India. The shocking footage shows Ramiul Sheikh being violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal in the Murshidabad district of the country. The herd invaded the village in the country, destroying crops and houses.
Mes Mesut Ozil: 'I used my time out with injury to work on my strength'. 'I have had to work a lot harder and adjust my game accordingly.'
Florida plane crash kills four people. Four people have died after a small twin-engine plane crashed in woodland in Florida, killing everyone on-board. The tragedy happened as the pilot was trying to land the aircraft at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport around 4.30pm on Sunday. The unnamed pilot declared an emergency, but the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway.
Bradford City chairman linked to eight other fires before Valley Parade blaze that killed 56. Author Martin Fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident and has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time. The fire broke out near half-time of Bradford's game against Lincoln on May 11, 1985. Within four minutes the stand was completely ablaze.
Fire sends manhole cover flying 200 feet above Buffalo street. Authorities have said an underground electrical fire is blamed for a explosion that sent a manhole cover flying more than 200 feet above a Buffalo street in a blast that was captured by a television news photographer. The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo, WGRZ reported.
Aaron Hernandez jury says they gave him a fair trial. The seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder this week say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence. On Thursday, the jury and alternate jurors say down with CNN's Anderson Cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months.
Caring cat Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland, where he snuggles up to the dogs and cats that are brought in for help. The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved. He was left at the shelter because his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved.
Ancient statue of China's first ruler damaged by tourists. Officials in Wuhan, the capital city of central China's Hubei Province, have accused tourists of damaging a statue of the country's first leader and his wife by fondling the woman's exposed breast. Scroll down for video The statue, which has been in place for ten years, depicts Yu The Great, the founder of China’s first Xia Dynasty in 2070 BC, meeting his wife.
SeaWorld has released an almost five-year-old video that shows an ex-trainer repeatedly using the N-word - following the trainer's release of a book criticizing the company's treatment of animals. In the five-minute video, Hargrove discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head.
Fil Filming a demonstration of his creation, the video maker and artist holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another. The video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles.
A family pooch received an interesting make-over when it came back from the groomers looking less like a domesticated pet and more like a wild cat. The dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomer. According to the dog’s owner, Stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat, which is best suited for colder climates, had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine.
Europe's oldest lar gibbon is enjoying celebrity status after a video of it strutting through a wildlife park went viral The seven-second video, which is accompanied by Ms Dorman giggling throughout, shows Brian sneaking across in its enclosure while looking back and forth at the filmmaker It was then shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up and added the caption: ‘Running across the landing naked when you forget your towel’ This resulted in the video being viewed over nine million times Richard Robinson, Park Manager at the Lake District Wildlife Park spoke about the video on the park’s website, he said
Grandparents plead for safe return of two young children whose mother took them from Melbourne to the Islamic State capital in Syria. Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year, and she regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter sleeps with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl.'.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix.
This dog is lost in deep concentration. Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick. Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws.
Aaron Ramsey dedicates his FA Cup final goal to his late Gran who passed away. Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season, none more vital than a dramatic extra-time winner. But his last one meant the world, because it was for someone special.
Jessica Ennis-Hill confirms return to athletics in London. Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has confirmed she will return to competition in London this July following her break from athletics to become a mother. Ennis -Hill provided one of London 2012's most captivating storylines by surging to heptathlon gold.
Manchester City keen to sign Anderlecht star Evangelos Patoulidis. Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlechts teenager Evangelos Patoulidis. The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from Anderler.
Blackpool in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week and they are keen to get him on board.
Blood parrot cichlid gives owner a massage. Cats and dogs have the advantage over marine pets in that they can interact with humans through the sense of touch. But that doesn’t prevent one man from dipping his hand in the fish tank and giving his blood parrot.
Ryanair steward who swiped a £500 camera left on a flight was rumbled by the owner who spotted the listing on eBay and reported him to police. Teacher Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his expensive SLR camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic capital.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo. Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause.
Mauricio Pochettino says another campaign in the Europa League will hamper Tottenham's hopes of breaking into the top-four. Spurs' chances of qualifying for next season's Champions League look over following poor results against Burnley and Aston Villa.
Liverpool intend to speak to Jon Flanagan about a new contract at the end of the season with the defender's deal set to expire this summer. The full back was a revelation at Anfield last season as Liverpool came tantalisingly close to winning their first title since 1990.
Rory McIlroy admits he was beaten by Jordan Spieth at the Masters. A lot of the attention on Sunday was aimed in the direction of Tiger Woods who were paired up in the final round. The world No 1 did his level best to repair the damage of a tentative opening 27 holes.
Maria Sharapova and Venus Williams withdraw from Fed Cup ties. Maria and Venus have both withdrawn from their countries' respective Fed Cup matches this weekend. The Russian star has been forced to pull out of Russia's semi-final against Germany in Sochi.
Sania Mirza becomes first Indian woman to reach No 1 in WTA doubles ranking. The 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with Hingis, beating Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 in just 57 minutes, to achieve the top ranking milestone. She became the first Indian to claim a grand slam title when she partnered Mahesh Bhupathi to the 2009 Australian Open mixed doubles crown.
Kerber rallies past Keys to win Family Circle Cup. Angelique Kerber rallied past Madison Keys in the final of the family circle cup on Sunday, capturing six of the last seven games for a 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 victory. This was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg again reminded of their responsibilities to Mercedes. Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff is confident the matter has been laid to rest after Rosberg bemoaned Hamilton's'selfish' tactics following their one-two finish at the Shanghai International Circuit. Lewis Hamilton celebrates on the podium after winning the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says team may have to make 'unpopular calls' to deal with Ferrari. Following the first three races of the new Formula One season it is clear Mercedes will not have it all their own way as Ferrari appear poised to push them all the way. Wolff's remark comes in the wake of Nico Rosberg's moaning over the team radio during Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix about how slow team-mate Lewis Hamilton was driving.
Lewis Hamilton is getting inside teammate Nico Rosberg’s head as the German bids to win his first World Championship title, according to two time winner Mika Hakkinen. Rosberg accused Mercedes team-mate Hamilton of deliberately compromising his race at last weekend's Chinese Grand Prix by slowing down but the British driver's tactics, which saw him win a third consecutive Grand Prix ahead of the German, were entirely legitimate. ‘If you are leading a race that's a fantastic place to be and what goes in your mind when you're leading into finish the race first, that's what you do,’ said Hak
Lewis Hamilton ready for Nico Rosberg's tactics should he try anything underhand in wake of latest outburst. Lewis Hamilton insists he is prepared for further criticism from Mercede's team-mate after his latest outburst. The 29-year-old German claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have their say on Chinese Grand Prix row. The morning after the row the night before, Lewis Hamilton barely exchanged a word in the first-class cabin of their Emirates flight to Dubai, en route to the next race in Bahrain. If the two Mercedes drivers are not quite on non-speaking terms, they are communicating only when they have to.
Was Wasps 40-13 London Welsh. Tom Varndell helped himself to a hat-trick against London Welsh as Wasps won away from home in the Aviva Premiership for the first time in 2015 to keep their top-six hopes alive.
Great Great Britain's medal hopes have taken a hit after potential gold-winning Taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook's switch to represent Moldova was confirmed. The 24-year-old from Dorset, ranked No 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class, has had his citizenship change ratified after the breakdown of his relationship with the British Olympic Association.
Michael Phelps aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio. Michael Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday. He will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall.
Leicester boss Nigel Pearson urges players to ignore relegation rivals. Boss Nigel Pearson has urged Leicester to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals. The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety in the Barclays Premier League.
Ra Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Liverpool team-mate Jordon Ibe. Here, Sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents away from the field.
Leigh Leigh Griffiths sure knows how to finish. And, in passing, how to.
Rangers have been fined £5,500 by the Scottish Football Association after admitting the previous board breached 'dual ownership' rules by allowing Newcastle chief Mike Ashley into Ibrox. The Sports Direct tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the Glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with Hampden chiefs designed to limit his power.
Real Madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit, if pictures leaked by a website turn out to be accurate. Purelyfootball.com report that grey will feature heavily in the European champions' shirts for next year, with the home kit to feature three grey stripes. The pink touches from this season's shirts will also be dropped, in a return to classic Real Madrid jerseys, although the away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge.
Maria Sharapova to play for Russia against Germany in Fed Cup semi-finals. The Russian Tennis Federation has confirmed that Maria Sharapova will play for her country against Germany in the Fed Cup semi-finals this month. World No 2 Sharapoa.
Juan Mata collects player of the month award for March from Manchester United. Juan Mata has collected his player of the month award for March from Manchester United and was quick to thank his supporters after receiving the gong. Mata scored both goals as United overturned Liverpool with a 2-1 win at Anfield.
Usain Bolt poses with US President Barack Obama in Jamaica. Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt, the fastest sprinter of all time, when he became the first American President to visit the island since 1982. And when Obama met Bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark 'lightning pose'.
Usain Bolt to compete at the IAAF/BTC World Relays in the Bahamas. The six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on May 2 and 3 as part of the Jamaican team. "I am fit, healthy and ready to run," said Bolt.
Michael Phelps enters five events in Arizona. Michael Phelps is entered in five events at this week's Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa, Arizona, which will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction. Phelps, who was suspended last year by USA Swimming.
Louis van Gaal wins battle to install floodlights at Manchester United's Carrington training ground. The meticulous Manchester United boss was stunned to find that players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city. He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches.
AndyAndy Murray clearly has a vision for how his wedding day will play out when he marries his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The world No 3 posted on Twitter a hilarious series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers, displaying his various plans for the day.
Emmanuel Adebayor has insisted that he is happy to stay and fight for his place at White Hart Lane. Taking to Twitter on Tuesday night, the 31-year-old Togo international expressed his gratitude at being able to play in the Premier League and labeled the division 'the best in the world.'
Emmanuel Adebayor is out of favour at White Hart Lane, with both the player and manager Mauricio Pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens. But the striker's wages will prove a key factor this summer, with the striker unwilling to take anything less than his current £5.2million salary.
Ricardo Rodriguez penalty sends Wolfsburg into German Cup semi-finals. Wolfsburg dominated but needed a second-half penalty from defender Ricardo Rodriguez to edge past fellow Bundesliga club Freiburg 1-0 and advance to the German Cup semis. Ricardo Rodriguez celebrates after scoring the winner for Wolfsburg.
Andre Schurrle relieved to end goal drought for Wolfsburg. The former Chelsea forward thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience and admitted not scoring for the German side was 'eating away' at him. The 24-year-old scored his first since joining from Chelsea in February.
David Luiz should not play in central defence again, says Glenn Hoddle. The ex-Chelsea defender came off the bench in Wednesday night's Champions League quarter-final first leg and was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals. Luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago.
Oriol Romeu goes up against Martin Keown to predict the Premier League and FA Cup scores. Chelsea's on loan midfielder Oriol Romau goes head-to-head with Sportsmail pundit Martin Keane as the pair predict the scores for the weekend's matches. Find out how Romeu and Keown get on, plus make your own predictions.
Bayern Munich fly back to Germany after Porto defeat. The Bayern Munich squad flew back from Portugal on Thursday the day after suffering a surprise defeat by Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. The defeat was the price the five-time European champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad.
Porto's win over German giants Bayern Munich celebrated by their media. Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Pep Guardiola's team lose 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday night. Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline for the next day, highlighting the club's fantastic performance.
Pep Guardiola is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with two of Manchester City's executives. Pep Guardiola, whose side were outplayed in Portugal on Wednesday, remains Manchester City s first choice to become manager.
Christian Benteke has revealed a secret. Despite what appeared cast-iron evidence to the contrary, he does not practise free-kicks.
Kick It Out welcomes successful prosecution of supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown. John Wild, from Wotton-under-Edge, was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and cover court fees.
Russian Premier League team Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol. The punishment will not take effect until May.
AC AC Milan has slammed alleged racism towards one of its youth teams as'simply unacceptable.' Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain in the Universal Cup.
Kevin Pietersen camp have scored a comprehensive win in the PR battle with the England and Wales Cricket Board without calling on any outside assistance. It has been assumed that the way KP outplayed the ECB's army of media personnel at every turn was because his agents, Mission Sports Management, had expert help guiding their strategy.
Aidan Coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his Crabbie's Grand National blues at Aintree on Saturday. The 26-year-old rides well-backed The Druids Nephew, stepping in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty on the Neil Mulholland-trained gelding which won on the opening day of last month's Cheltenham Festival.
Wigan 30-20 Warrington: Ben Flower leads victory song on return from suspension. Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song after helping them to a win over Warrington on his return from a six-month suspension. The 27-year-old Wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress.
Dom Dom Manfredi steals limelight from Ben Flower and Sam Tomkins as Wigan thrash Warrington 30-20. Dom manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days.
Sam Tomkins rejects Warrington offer to return to Wigan. The 2012 Super League Man of Steel is to cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors and rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016. The announcement was made by Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan at half-time in Thursday night's First Utility Super League derby.
Premier League free transfers: Who are the best players set to leave their Premier League clubs this summer?. With the Premier League season entering its final stretch, focus is now turning to the summer transfer window. Many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer.
Nigel Pearson has revealed he has turned to former manager Howard Wilkinson to help Leicester's survival bid. The Foxes boss has taken advice from Wilkinson, who he played under at Sheffield Wednesday.
Former QPR chairman Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company in what appears to be the first move towards taking control at Valley Parade. The Italian has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011.
Jenna Louise Driscoll, 25, was due to face Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs, one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog. The 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last October and was remanded to appear in court on April 13, but failed to show prompting police to issue a warrant.
Gareth Bale was verbally abused by supporters outside the club's training ground on Wednesday morning. It came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could miss the remainder of the season with a groin injury. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week but is not certain.
Dia Diafra Sakho out for the rest of the season after tearing a thigh muscle against Stoke. West Ham striker Diafra Sakho has been ruled out of the remainder of the Premier League season after suffering a thigh injury against Stoke City on Saturday. The 25-year-old was forced off after 59 minutes during their 1-1 draw at home.
West Ham 0-0 Stoke: Sam Allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full Barclays Premier League season. West Ham United manager Sam allardyce has admitted his squad is unable to cope with the demands of the Premier League after they dropped points by conceding late against Stoke City. Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to once again see West Ham lose points late on in a game. The fired-up Austrian wasn’t to be denied though though and he eventually shot across Adrian’s goal and into the corner left to spark the home
Swansea boss Garry Monk wants to stop Roberto Martinez profiting at his old Liberty Stadium stomping ground. Swansea manager Garry Monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on Everton's season - but he is determined to stop his former manager Roberto Martinez. Martinez was lauded by Everton fans last season with a fifth-placed finish in the Barclays Premier League.
Swansea boss Garry Monk to hold talks with Michu before making decision on Spaniard's future. Swansea manager Garry Monk says he will listen to Michu to decide whether the Spaniard has a future at the Liberty Stadium. The once-capped Spain striker has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli.
Leeds'Sporting director Nicola Salerno has resigned, the club's disqualified owner Massimo Cellino is reported to have confirmed. The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended.
Burn Burnley boss Sean Dyche has told striker Danny Ings to keep on smiling - and the goals will return. The relegation-battling Clarets have struggled for goals in recent weeks, despite some gritty performances.
Tim Sherwood is renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline, so how did he fare during what is undoubtedly one of the more emotive fixtures for him?.
Cristiano Ronaldo scores first free-kick in 57 attempts to send Real Madrid to 3-0 win over Eibar. Ronaldo scored his 38th league goal of the season and with Manchester United loanee Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez scoring a second this was another win that Real Madrid had wrapped up before half time.
Cristiano Ronaldo is to give Real Madrid a timely boost after his yellow card against Rayo Vallecano - which would have seen him suspended - was rescinded. AS believe the annulment of the booking by the Competitions Committee is key, considering Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash.
Fernando Torres scores first ever league own goal as Atletico Madrid draw with Malaga. Fernando Torres scored his first ever La Liga own goal in a 2-2 draw against Malaga on Saturday. The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner at the near post over his own line to pull Malaga back into the game.
Real Madrid's Iker Casillas: 'Dropping me is not about protection, we've talked a lot about this. It is a debate that is more morbid outside the club than within. What people have to do is encourage players to win every game'. 'I'm happy with my performance. The important thing is that we kept a clean sheet, that's better from us.'
Dentist who pulled out man's teeth to cure his erectile dysfunction ordered to pay 20,000 euros in compensation. The patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in Munich, Germany, and was charged £1,435. He believed the series of operations would help him regain his vitality and also cure his schizophrenia.
Stuart Broad: I was sorry to see Paul Downton leave his role in the ECB. STUART BROAD admits he was sorry he was sacked as ECB managing director after a dismal World Cup this year. I was very surprised when I heard that Paul [Downton] had left.
Jimmy Anderson makes his landmark appearance here in Antigua on Monday needing just four wickets to overtake Sir Ian Botham and become the leading Test wicket-taker in England’s history. And the Lancastrian will do it remembering the times when it seemed he would become no more than a county bowler.
Moeen says he is ready to take on Australia’s two left-arm Mitchells in the Ashes – and has overcome the problems he had against the short ball during his introduction to Test cricket last summer. Moeen is planning to join up with the England squad ahead of the second Test in the Caribbean, starting in Grenada on April 21 – having recovered more quickly from a rib injury than anyone expected.
Andrew Strauss: Kevin Pietersen's England return is a distraction. If Andrew Strauss becomes England’s new supremo, the comeback hopes of Pietersen would come to an abrupt halt. Strauss said on Saturday that he can see no way back for the man he fell out with so badly.
Thierry Henry hails 'the detective' Francis Coquelin for his midfield display in Arsenal's hard-fought victory over Burnley at Turf Moor. The former Gunners striker said that Coqueline was his man of the match in Arsenal’s 1-0 win, and he labelled the 23-year-old ‘Columbo’. Henry was speaking on Sky Sports' coverage of the Premier League encounter.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce rues his side's 'nerves and panic' as Stoke snatch late equaliser to earn 1-1 draw at Upton Park. West Ham manager Sam Allardce lamented his side’s ‘nerves’ and panic which saw Stoke snatch a dramatic equaliser deep into stoppage time to earn a draw. The Irons looked to have done enough to battle to victory after taking an early lead through a superb free-kick by Aaron Cresswell.
MichaelMichael Owen surprised television viewers and pundits alike by completely dismissing Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Chelsea. Revealing his controversial standpoint on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday, the former England international striker sparked a debate between his colleagues in the studio.
Manuel Pellegrini admits he could be sacked if Manchester City finish outside the Champions League places. Manchester City manager Manuel PéllegRini has admitted for the first time he could lose his job if his side fail to win the Premier League title this season. The Premier League champions have lost four of their last five games.
Britt McHenry's vicious attack on a tow company clerk was not her first brush with conflict. But just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women's rights campaigner on Twitter.
Dramatic dashcam footage has captured the moment a South Carolina police officer dragged a woman away from the edge of a bridge after threatening to jump. Dashcam footage shows a patrol car stopping in Spartanburg, South Carolina, after they spotted a woman sitting on the overpass.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January after the suspect stole his car while it was running, according to prosecutors. Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma, while Bogard has pleaded not guilty.
USC women's tennis team wins Pac-12 title. The women of the University of Southern California tennis team capped off an undefeated conference season on Thursday by winning the PAC-12 championship. The second-ranked girls defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win. Then, in celebrating their big victory, they broke the trophy.
Three people have been killed after clubbers stampeded into a nightclub to see a British punk band called Doom. The crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago.
Body found in search for missing kayaker in Solent. Stephen Taylor, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent in Hampshire at about 11.30am yesterday in his kayak with the intention of paddling west to Lepe Beach. The 54-year-old experienced canoeist was in touch with his partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day - but when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police.
1000 spider crabs were spotted by underwater divers in a moving migrating pyramid. The creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye Pier in a few weeks time.
Teen Jacob Polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine. His friend Jamal Maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps.
Gary Lineker is the best presenter of live football on TV. I yield to no one in my love of the old days — warm beer, cricket on the village green, bobbies on bicycles two by two, all that — but it's rare a chance arises to compare the rose-tinted past with the brave new world, as it did on Saturday evening when Sky's high-octane Premier League coverage went head-to-head with Arsenal v Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on the BBC. The BBC may miss out on the Premier League's pricey weekly thrills, but took the bisc
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move closer to Serie A title. Juventus moved ever closer to clinching a fourth straight Serie A crown by beating nearest challengers Lazio in Turin. First-half goals from Carlos Tevez - his 26th of the season in all competitions - and centre-back Leonardo Bonucci pushed Juve 15 points clear of second place.
BBC Radio 5 Live commentator Guy Mowbray's notes for Monday night's Premier League clash between Liverpool and Newcastle at Anfield were posted ahead of kick-off. The notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances, goals, transfer fees and other interesting tidbits to keep the millions of listeners across the country well informed.
Lewis Hamilton slammed for spraying hostess in the face with champagne. Lewis Hamilton has come under fire for spraying a hostess with champagne after winning the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. The reigning world champion won his second race in three to start the 2015 season.
Nathaniel Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England's first choice right-back by Roy Hodgson. And the Southampton defender has fuelled talk that he could quit St Mary's this summer by insisting he wants to play Champions League football.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind the him of his responsibilities as a role model - but the Liverpool starlet has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe. Sterling, 20, and Ibe, 19, were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to the shisha cafe in London earlier this season.
Newcastle are set to strip Fabricio Coloccini of the captaincy this summer and give the armband to Daryl Janmaat, should he remain at the club. The Magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year and that has infuriated coaching staff.
Wayne Rooney has rubbed salt into Manchester City's derby day wounds by revealing that United set out to exploit the lack of willing workers in the Barclays Premier League champions' midfield on Sunday. As it emerged City have decided to listen to offers for star names Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri this summer, United's captain said his team's 4-2 win at Old Trafford was based on identifying fundamental flaws in Manuel Pellegrini's team.
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at Manchester United. The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal.
Derby 2-4 Huddersfield: Tom Ince scores two fantastic goals in thrilling 4-4 draw. Play-off chasing Derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in an amazing game which also saw three goals ruled out. Play-offs chasing Derby twice came from behind to share the points in a thrilling 2-2 draw.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure but vowed to back the Manchester City midfielder — at least until the end of the season. Toure is determined not to be forced out but the Chilean acknowledged the midfielder had underperformed and dismissed claims he should be given a rest.
Vincent Kompany may miss the remainder of the campaign Manuel Pellegrini insists he is not under pressure despite speculation mounting that he may be sacked at the end of a disappointing year. The influential captain was substituted during Sunday's 4-2 derby defeat at Manchester United - a result that effectively ended their hopes of retaining their title.
Nico Rosberg feels he may have handed Lewis Hamilton a psychological advantage with his post-Chinese Grand Prix outburst. Rosberg, however, concedes he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised at the Shanghai International Circuit on Sunday.
Pep Guardiola and Roman Abramovich: Manchester City must decide what to do with Manuel Pellegrini. At the meeting in Paris between Guardiola and Abramovich in the summer of 2012, the former Barcelona coach made it clear that he craved stability. Abramovich’s track record with managers had not been good.
Louis van Gaal's greatest achievement as a football manager is the making of Jose Mourinho, says Gary Neville. Gary Neville believes Louis Van Gaal is the greatest manager in the history of football. The pair have been friends since they first worked together at Barcelona in 1997.
Firefighters respond to cries for help from two parrots in burning home. Firefighters scoured a burning home in Boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!' Eventually, they found a pair of squawking birds.
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘The big egg has another normal egg in it!’ While the instance is extremely rare, it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte – the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg – is released too soon.
Roma failed to make the most of Lazio's defeat to league leaders Juventus, as they drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta in Serie A to move level on points with their city rival in second spot. Roma, who was booed by its own fans, moved level with second-placed Lazio on 58 points, 15 behind runaway leaders Juventus.
Napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League alive with a comfortable victory against Cagliari. Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Rafa Benitez side with a neat one-on-one finish before Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napoli's advantage.
Benzema ruled out of Real Madrid's La Liga clash with Malaga. Carlo Ancelotti has revealed Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid¿s La Liga game at home to Malaga on Saturday after the Frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem. Benzema, who picked up the injury in Tuesday's 0-0 Champions League quarter-final first leg draw at Atletico Madrid, should be fit for the return game at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday.
Thousands of holidaymakers caught up in last summer’s passport delay fiasco have not received any compensation. At the same time, managers at the passport agency, which made a £42 million profit during the chaos, received up to £3,500 in bonuses.
Parents charged with endangering 3-year-old son's welfare after overdosing on heroin while giving him a bath. Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of Manchester, were arrested on warrants Thursday, four months after the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on Dec. 4.
Philadelphia's 15th Street Station: This is the moment a man slipped onto a subway track - and another instinctively leaped down to help him. Surveillance footage shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6.40 on Wednesday night. He falls, and bystanders jump back in shock.
Qantas jet forced to turn back to Sydney Airport after safety light turns on mid-air. The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors. A QANTAS jet bound for Perth has been forced to return to Sydney International Airport after a safety light turned on.
Two jaguar cubs are unveiled to the public for the first time at a Russian zoo. The month-old cubs, born March 11, were captured on video sitting before press and public at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg while photographs were taken of the pair. From the same litter, the two cubs – one black, the other spotty – are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock.
This is the heartwarming moment a peckish goat named Clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats. Footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back. His horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves.
Bourbon the Doberman licks baby boy on the face and nose. Dogs and human babies often make great companions. But a new video might have some viewers wriggling with discomfort as an infant is showered with licks by his canine friend.
Gareth Bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes of Real Madrid's league game on Saturday and will almost certainly miss the second leg of the Champions League against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. One year and two days, after one of his greatest moments at Real Madrid when he ran half the length of the pitch to score the winner in the Copa del Rey final, Bale broke down with a muscle pull against Malaga.
North Carolina man charged with killing girlfriend who was six months pregnant. Kimberly Dianne Richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday. Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital.
BMW recalls 91,800 Mini Coopers to fix air bag defect. BMW says the air bag may not work properly because of a error that might prevent the vehicles' mat detection system from sensing a passenger sitting in the front seat during a severe crash. BMW has announced that 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S will need to be recalled due to problems with the passenger detection system that could leave those in the car without an airbad.
Manchester United target Miranda has revealed his delight at being linked with a move to Louis van Gaal's side. The Brazilian centre back is said to be on Van Gaal's summer wishlist as the Dutchman is keen on strengthening his defensive options ahead of the 2015-16 campaign.
Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere on Manchester City's summer shopping list. The struggling Barclays Premier League champions know they need more English players in their starting line-up — goalkeeper Joe Hart has often been the only one this season — and Liverpool’s Henderson is deemed to be realistic targets. Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson is a surprise target for Manchester City this summer. He has come to City's attention because he has only one year left on his Liverpool contract.
Barcelona forward Pedro's decision to consider his Camp Nou future at the end of the season could see him end up at Anfield if Liverpool sell Raheem Sterling. The 27-year-old World Cup winner would command £90,000-a-week wages – £10,000 less than Liverpool have offered their 20-year old winger.
Chelsea are favourites to agree terms with Brazilian starlet Kenedy after his club Fluminense agreed to sell his economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci's agency.Bertolucci looks after Oscar, Willian and Ramires.Another advantage for Chelsea is that the forward is represented by former Portugal international Deco, who spent two seasons playing at Stamford Bridge.The 19-year-old has been linked with the likes of Barcelona, Manchester United and Juventus but the Blues look likely to win the race for his signature.Kenedy has played for Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level and is highly-rated by the
Robin van Persie is a target for Serie A sides Juventus and Inter Milan this summer. Van Persie has been out injured for six weeks after damaging ankle ligaments against Swansea in February.
Mats Hummels is at the right age to leave Borussia Dortmund, according to Franz Beckenbauer. The World Cup winning defender has been consistently linked with a move to Old Trafford.
Inter Milan ready to offer Yaya Toure a five-year contract to lure him away from Manchester City. Despite the fact Toure turns 32 next month, Roberto Mancini is so desperate to sign the powerful midfielder that he's ready to give him a deal that will see him play beyond his 37th birthday.
Mats Hummels admits he is considering leaving Borussia Dortmund. The German centre-back gave an interview in Kicker magazine last week in which he demanded a stronger Dortmund team for next season, otherwise he may consider his own future. The Germany defender has consistently been linked with a big-money move to Manchester United.
Arsenal are close to signing Argentine wonderkid Maxi Romero. The Gunners are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop for the teenage sensation.
Australian surfer Josh Kerr takes home the prize for the most impressive wipe-out at Margaret River Pro. The 31-year-old put too much weight on the front of his board and flipped head first into the break, emerging bruised and beaten. He was attempting to surf the notorious 'Box' - a right hand barrel. The wipeout came within five minutes of Wright receiving the ultimate score.
Steven Gerrard is set to get the nod to start at Wembley today as Liverpool bid to reach the FA Cup final against Aston Villa. The 34-year-old has flitted in and out of Brendan Rodgers’ side this term and will end his long association with the club at the end of this season.
Shay Given has revealed the pain still lingers from Ruud Gullit's decision to snub him for the 1999 FA Cup final between Newcastle and Manchester United. The Republic of Ireland goalkeeper played every round of Newcastle's run but was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the Wembley showpiece, won 2-0 by Sir Alex Ferguson's side.
Mikel Arteta is confident it will take just 'five minutes' to put the finishing touches to a contract extension. The 33-year-old Spaniard is set to miss Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Reading as he recovers from a minor ankle problem.
Sean Dyche insists his team will not resort to diving and cheating in their battle against relegation. Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley's first season back in the Barclays Premier League.
Paul Scholes: Angel di Maria’s red card allowed Louis van Gaal to turn to his fringe players. The £60million signing missed Manchester United's impressive 3-0 win over Tottenham in which Marouane Fellaini was one of the stand out players and a result that sparked their impressive run of form which has seen them go on and beat Liverpool and Manchester City in recent weeks. Angel Di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup back in March and forced Louis Van Gaal to change his starting line-up. The Red Devils are still some way off challenging for the title and putting a good
Calum Chambers insists he will play a central part in Arsenal's future success. Arsenal defender has enjoyed a promising start to his career in North London, with his versatility proving a key asset in the Gunners backline. The 20-year-old has established himself as a first team regular having already made 36 appearances for Arsenal.
Tim Sherwood wants to wipe any smile from Raheem Sterling’s face by causing an FA Cup shock at Wembley on Sunday. Footage this week emerged showing the Liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide, a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria.
Jose Mourinho claims it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea within the modern confines of UEFA's Financial Fair Play rules. United, as one of the biggest earners in world football, have the financial scope to fund a massive squad, while Chelsea are forced to sell players such as Juan Mata to balance the books.
'Kid Kulafu', named after a brand of wine whose bottles Pacquiao collected as a child, charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring. 'He's just like every one of us,' director Paul Soriano said at the film's Manila premiere on Tuesday night.
Jordan Spieth admits he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title. The 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods.
Rafael Nadal beats Lucas Pouille to reach third round of Monte Carlo Masters. Rafa Nadal got his clay court season off to a perfect, confidence-boosting start with a 6-2, 6-1 win over Frenchman Lucas Pouille in the Monte Carlo Masters. It was a businesslike display from the world No 5.
Wimbledon semi-finalist Milos Raonic and 19-year-old Australian Nick Kyrgios will make their debuts at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club this summer. Canada's Raonic, ranked No.
Novak Djokovic beats Albert Ramos-Vinolas to reach third round of Monte Carlo Masters. World number one Novak Djokovic eased into the third round of the Monte Carlo Masters with a straight sets victory over qualifier Albert Ramos-vinolas. It was a comfortable win for Djokova who came through 6-1 6-4 and he faces Andreas Haider-Maurer, who defeated Bernard Tomic in three sets, in the next round.
French Open prize money rises to over 28m euros. Prize money at the French Open has been increased by three million euros to over 28 million (£20.2million), the French Tennis Federation has announced. The singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m), around 150,000 euros more than Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova picked up last year.
Fel Felipe Massa confident he has silenced his critics following storming start to the Formula One season. The Williams driver says he is performing as good as he was in 2008, a season he challenged for the title.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix was 'a fun thing'. One of the fundamental acts of Formula One has been brought into sharp focus over the past few days following Hamilton's win in Shanghai. In a typical moment of exuberance that comes with a victory for any driver, and following the playing of the national anthems, Hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on grid girl Liu Siying.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in podium girl Liu Siying's face. The podium girl is the centre of a'sexism storm' after Lewis Hamilton spray champagne in her face at the Chinese Grand Prix. But the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate, who was a 'podium girl' at the race, said she didn't think much about the incident and wasn't annoyed.
Renault has boldly declared to Red Bull team principal Christian Horner his aim that come late May there will be no further power-unit issues. Last week Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz warned Renault to solve their problems otherwise he would consider pulling his teams out of Formula One.
Leighton Aspell becomes first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals. The 25-1 shot, who was sixth in the Cheltenham Gold Cup, is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize and in the process ended his trainer Oliver Sherwood’s wretched record in the race. Many Clouds galloped to a famous victory in the Aintree sunshine.
Grand National preview: Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor?. Sportsmail's Racing Correspondent Marcus Townend and Britain's No 1 tipster Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race and offer their predictions.
McCoy has urged the nation to follow his Aintree dream as he chases the fairytale end to his extraordinary career. Retirement beckons for McCoy, champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997, and he will stop riding immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million Crabbie’s Grand National on Saturday.
Billy Vunipola has been cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait with his head. The incident occurred in Saracens' 22-6 win.
Nathan Charles has spoken out about being born with and overcoming cystic fibrosis to pursue a successful rugby career. The 26-year-old has so far earned four international caps for the Wallabies and is in with an outside chance of making Michael Chieka's World Cup squad later this year.
Edinburgh's European Challenge Cup hopes have been dealt a huge blow after Scotland international centre Matt Scott was ruled out until at least the end of the season. The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for September’s World Cup.
Alex Hales still waiting for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket. The big-hitting top-order batsman has nine England caps to date, since his debut against India last August. But after opening alongside Alastair Cook four times in that series defeat, Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches.
Mustafa Kamal's resignation as ICC president has been accepted. The Bangladesh politician was unhappy with umpire calls in his country's World Cup quarter-final defeat to India.
Gary Gary Ballance hits a chanceless hundred as England take firm control of the first Test against the West Indies in Antigua. Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared leaving West Indies needing an unlikely 438 to win.
Gary Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on an England return for Kevin Pietersen. That is the view of former captain Andrew Flintoff — with Ballance, Ian Bell and Joe Root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer.
England v West Indies: Day four review. England ended the day in a strong position, but it’s worth bearing in mind what happened in Antigua in 2009. Like Thursday, England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503). But the home side's lower order hung on.
Anthony Davis scores 31 points as Pelicans reach NBA play-offs. Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the New Orleans Pelicans earned their first play-off berth since 2011 with a 108-103 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday. Davis, who'll make his play-off debut against the Golden State Warriors, came through in the waning minutes with two jumpers.
Aaron Ramsey relieved after Arsenal ground their way past Reading in extra time to reach FA Cup final. Arsenal's Aaron Ramsey was relieved after the Gunners ground out a 2-1 win over Reading to reach the FA Cup semi-final. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said: 'It was tough, they defended well, we didn't find our stride and struggled to win the 50-50s. 'They were on a different planet, motivation-wise, to what we have seen on tape.
Alan Pardew warns Yannick Bolasie: 'Bidding will have to start at £20m for Crystal Palace star to leave Selhurst Park. It has been suggested that a £10m bid could tempt Palace into selling the winger. But the Palace manager is adamant that the club's leading assets do not want to leave – and any players that do go will not be sold cheaply.
All you need to know about Saturday's Premier League fixtures. Ahead of this weekend's Barclays Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need for every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information.
Ronald Koeman: Southampton must win last six games to finish in top four. Southampton boss Koeman believes his side will have to win their six remaining games to stand any chance of reaching the Champions League. Southampton remained in the hunt for a place in next season's Champions League by beating Hull at St Mary's.
Southampton's Ryan Bertrand vows to prove his worth to Roy Hodgson. The 25-year-old has been one of the standout performers for Southampton, where the left-back moved permanently earlier in the year having impressed on loan from Chelsea. Bertrand has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at St Mary's, yet struggled to gain the international recognition many of his colleagues have received.
Stoke are set to complete their third signing from Barcelona in less than two years, according to the agent of Moroccan winger Moha El Ouriachi. Potters manager Mark Hughes has already snapped up Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from the Nou Camp.
Maur Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane deserves to pip Eden Hazard to the player of the year award. That two forwards are the leading contenders to scoop the PFA accolade after their nominations this week.
Winston Reid would not have signed another long-term contract with West Ham if he did not think the east London club was going places. New Zealand international Reid ended speculation about his future when he penned a six-and-a-half year deal with the Irons last month.
West Hammers boss Sam Allardyce is not bothered by how Manchester City will react to their slump, only that his own players produce the goods at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. A terrible run of form has seen City slip down into fourth place, their 4-2 loss to rivals Manchester United leaving Manuel Pellegrini's side well adrift of leaders Chelsea.
Leigh Griffiths: I knuckled down and proved Ronny Deila wrong. To hear Griffiths tell it, the intervention staged by Celtic boss Ronny deila and assistant John Collins was definitely closer to a kick in the what-nots than it was a pat on the back. Whatever the detail of the conversation, and however lasting the effects may be, the short-term impact on the 24-year-old force of nature — often as unruly and unpredictable as a whirlwind — has been nothing short of remarkable.
Ronny Deila hails Leigh Griffiths’ hat-trick heroics as inspiration to any player left out of Celtic’s starting XI. Celtic could now win the title against closest rivals Aberdeen on May 10 – if both teams win all their games beforehand. But Deila hopes his team won't even need to beat the Dons in their own back yard to be crowned champions.
Jose Mourinho welcomes Jurgen Klopp to the Barclays Premier League. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho would welcome Liverpool's German boss to the Premier League - after being assured he is not coming to take his job. The 47-year-old has been tipped to make the move to England next season.
Jose Mourinho has spoken out in defence of under pressure colleague Manuel Pellegrini. Mourinho was having no truck with the Barclays Premier League's Fair Play table, which lauded the Hammers for their attacking style.
Stuart McCall: I'll be there with my Livingston scarf on as I hope Livingston give Hibs a run for their money against Rangers. Rangers boss says he will become a Livingston fan for the day on Wednesday as he prays the Scottish Championship strugglers can do his side's play-off bid a favour. Livingston gave Rangers a headache last week when they held them to a 1-1 draw.
Lucas Leiva has been at Anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. He missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury.
Labour to enforce Premier League pledge to invest in grassroots. A Labour government would take action to enforce a Premier League commitment to invest five per cent of the proceeds from lucrative TV rights deals in grassroots sport, the party has said. Shadow health secretary and keen football fan Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million.
Norwich 2-1 Watford: Jonny Howson returns to Elland Road to nudge Norwich one step closer to the Premier League. Howson marked his first game back at his old club by making the breakthrough in the 57th minute to keep Alex Neil’s side in the automatic promotion places. The 26-year-old had already endured taunts of ‘cheat’ from the home fans.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet insists choosing between FA Cup victory and top four would be like preferring one of his parents over the other. Liverpool's goalkeeper Simon Merino insists he cannot choose between winning the FA Cup and finishing in the top four. The Reds face Aston Villa in the semi-final on Sunday.
Pep Guardiola blames Bayern Munich's Champions League defeat by Porto on injuries. Porto take a two-goal advantage to Munich next Tuesday for the return leg of the last-eight clash after punishing a sloppy Bayern with two early goals from Ricardo Quaresma and a second-half effort from Jackson Martinez. Guardiola said: 'We have players who were out a long time with injuries... their legs don't last very long.
Lazio aim to extend Serie A winning streak against Juventus. Rampant Lazio carry an eight-game winning streak in Serie A into Saturday's match at league leaders Juventus. A victory would leave them nine points behind Juve with seven games remaining.
Five things Louis van Gaal has changed to transform Manchester United. Manchester United's thumping 4-2 derby victory over City is the latest vindication for the methods of manager Louis Van Gaal. The Dutchman spent long periods of the season under fire for the disjointed performances.
Manchester United are third, eight points behind leaders Chelsea, who they face on Saturday and play second placed Arsenal in their penultimate league game. Smalling scored United's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby demolition. It means he has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as former teammate Danny Welbeck at Arsenal with four.
Emmanuel Adebayor performs a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe. The Togo international posted the video of him dancing in front the Paris landmark on his Instagram account.
Dead fish have continued to wash up on the banks of a Rio de Janeiro lake that is scheduled to hold Olympic rowing competitions during the 2016 games. The latest incident, affecting thousands of small silvery fish called twaite shad, began several days ago at the Rodrigo de Freitas lake, where the Olympic canoeing and rowing events are to be held.
Paris-Roubaix riders who breached safety barrier seconds before high speed train hurtled by. The SNCF company made an official complaint to French prosecutors saying the action in Sunday's prestigious race had risked a deadly tragedy. The last of the riders went through the barrier in northern France about eight seconds before the TGV train arrived at the Waller crossing, 87 kilometers (54 miles) from the end of the so called 'Hell of the North' race.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers will be hoping his side can get back to winning ways in the Premier League. In the next seven days, the way Liverpool’s campaign is viewed could be completely transformed. Beat Newcastle and they will believe they can hunt City down. Beat Aston Villa and QPR and see off Villa at Wembley and Liverpool will have a fine chance of winning the FA Cup.
Mamadou Sakho out for three to four weeks with hamstring injury. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers will have to plan without the services of Mamadou Sakho for a clutch of important games as the French centre-back faces three to four weeks out of action with a hamstring injury. Sakho limped off the field during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday and was replaced by Kolo Toure in the 28th minute.
Jordon Ibe set to sign new long-term deal at Liverpool as Brendan Rodgers prepares to re-launch season. Liverpool offered Ibe fresh terms in February after he had a deep impression in a sequence of games that coincided with an improvement in the club’s fortunes. A deal has now been agreed and it is simply a case of the highly-regarded Ibe putting pen to paper.
Mario Balotelli revealed his delight on Twitter after Manchester City scored early on in the Manchester derby. Argentine striker Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at Old Trafford, and his controversial former City team-mate took the opportunity to lay into his biggest rivals from his time at the Etihad Stadium and at Anfield.
Kimi Raikkonen sees no reason why Ferrari cannot win this year's F1 title. A resurgent Kimi RAKI KRAKIENKO sees no doubt Ferrari can win this season's Formula One world title race. Following a torrid campaign with the team in 2014, the Finn finally has a car to his liking at Ferrari.
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne among Premier League stars to attend special event to tackle Ebola. The West Ham striker and Southampton right-back were in attendance at Searcys function rooms in Knightsbridge in London's West End for the 'Football Fighting Ebola' event. Pictures from the event were shared on the charity's Facebook page.
Manny Pacquiao trains on the streets of Los Angeles ahead of Floyd Mayweather fight. The Filipino swapped the gym for the great outdoors as he worked on his fitness and stamina in preparation for what could be a lengthy bout against his welterweight rival. Pacman is joined by several fitness fanatics as he jogs around Griffith Park The Filipino boxer shows off his skills by shadow boxing in front of interested spectators The 36-year-old was joined by his pet dog Pacman as he continued to gear up for his May 2 encounter against the undefeated Mayweather As well as working on his aerobic endurance, the Filipino boxer was also tested on
Manny Pacquiao has unveiled the mouth guard he will use in his money-spinning fight with Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The container that it comes in reads 'MouthGuards for Champions', demonstrating the 36-year-old's undoubted confidence ahead of the encounter.
Louis van Gaal celebrates Manchester derby demolition with Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen in restaurant. Manchester United manager Louis Van Gaal celebrated his derby demolition in style on Sunday night as he was snapped with Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen in a restaurant. Duggan uploaded a photograph on Instagram of her, Christiansen and Everton's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing's Chinese restaurant following United's 4-2 win.
Manchester United are favourites to sign Burnley striker Danny Ings this summer. Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League and United consider him to be a future England international.
Stuart Pearce: Manuel Pellegrini deserves more time to turn Manchester City around. Stuart Pearce believes Manchester City manager Manuel PELLEGRRINI deserves time to turnaround the club’s dwindling fortunes. City's challenge for the title has capitulated in recent weeks.
David Villa rings NYSE opening bell. New York City FC striker David Villa has taken another bite out of the Big Apple scene as he was invited to ring the opening bell for the New York Stock Exchange. The 33-year-old, who made the move to the newly formed MLS outfit this season, has really thrown himself into his surroundings.
Craig Gardner hailed a'massive' win for West Brom at Crystal Palace on Saturday. The midfielder scored a spectacular strike as former Palace boss Tony Pulis enjoyed a 2-0 win on his first return to Selhurst Park.
Rafa Benitez is what he is; an excellent cup manager. He proved this yet again on Thursday, when his Napoli side blitzed past Europa League favourites Wolfsburg.
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night. As his Wigan side beat Warrington 30-20, the Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia.
Falkirk boss Peter Houston hits out at Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs. Peter Houston goaded his vanquished rival Alan Stubbs after Falkirk stunned Hibernian to steal a 1-0 Scottish Cup semi-final triumph at Hampden. Houston claimed that Stubbs should be examining tactical failings that led to the downfall of Hibs.
Gary Neville slams Lee Mason after Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool. Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville has laid into Lee Mason for failing to award Newcastle a penalty against Liverpool on Monday night. An incident in the 38th minute of the game, saw Ayoze Perez felled by a reckless challenge from Dejan Lovren.
Manchester United 4-1 Manchester City: Player ratings. Manchester United took another step closer to securing a Champions League spot as they thumped rivals Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon. Here's how Sportsmail rated each player.
Championship: Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka not wasting time on permutations. It's that time of year when football managers double as mathematicians. With points running out and prizes at a premium, they're praying the calculator tells them the dream is still alive. But for those at the top of a claustrophobic Championship, the maths is simple.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka declared that his players deserve to be in the Premier League after a surprise victory against Norwich moved them top of the Championship. Alex Tettey's early own goal handed the Carrow Road visitors a slim victory and threw the title race wide open with just two points separating the top four after last night's match.
Middlesbrough defender Ben Gibson is dreaming of a return to the Premier League for his boyhood club. His uncle, Boro chairman Steve Gibson, has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history.
Watford 2-0 Nottingham Forest. When defenders who have not scored for two years find the net, Watford might begin to think this can be the year they return to the Premier League.
10-year-old Huddersfield Town fan removed from his role as a mascot for Reading. Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at Wembley in the third round when The Royals beat the Gunners, but footage of him backing Arsenal sparked a furious response from Reading supporters. A poll in getreading revealed 85% readers felt he should not lead Steve Clarke's side out.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City, but the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer. Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the Barclays Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian.
Sven Goran Eriksson: Manchester City should be winning the Premier League rather than battling to stay in the top four. Former Manchester City manager Sven Goransson delivered a damning verdict on his old club, claiming they should be competing for the title instead of battling for survival. City, whose current squad cost a total of £368million, host West Ham on Sunday.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala wear gloves in Manchester derby. The season that brings with it 'the sweet smell of different flowers in odor and in hue'. William Shakespeare once wrote.
Paul Scholes: There is not a British manager working in the Premier League who is capable of guiding a team into the latter stages of the Champions League. There are no British teams in the quarter finals of Europe's premier club competition and Scholes does not believe that his friend and former team-mate Ryan Giggs can turn those fortunes around. The former Manchester United midfielder believes that Pep Guardiola will head to Etihad Stadium once his contract at Bayern Munich expires.
Jurgen Klopp would be ideal for Manchester City job, says Dietmar Hamann. Former Germany international Hamann believes that Klopp has'more right to take over the job than Manuel Pellegrini ever had'. Former Manchester City midfielder Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp is the ideal fit for the Manchester City manager's job. The 47-year-old announced on Wednesday he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.
Watford 1-0 Birmingham: Craig Cathcart puts Hornets top of the Championship. A Craig Cathcart goal was enough to put Watford top of the Championship with just two games of the season remaining following a 1-0 win over Birmingham. The Hornets went into the game knowing a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places following Middlesbrough's victory at Norwich.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at Manchester City next season, according to Gary Neville. The former Manchester United defender has been critical of the Chilean's side in recent weeks.
PSG's David Luiz tormented by Luis Suarez. It proved too much too soon for Paris Saint-Germain's Luiz as the Brazilian was prematurely brought back from injury to replace countryman Thiago Silva in the first half against Barcelona. What ensued was a night to forget for the former Chelsea man as he encountered ex-Liverpool ace Luis Suarez in an especially audacious mood.
Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease Romelu Lukaku through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to. The Belgium international is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend.
Roberto Martinez has not ruled out the prospect of Antolin Alcaraz or Sylvain Distin earning new contracts. Both centre-backs' current deals expire this summer and it seems highly unlikely Distin, who is 38 in December and has played more for the under-21s in the last month than he has the first team, will be retained.
Salford crash out of Ladbrokes Challenge Cup. Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as Super League club Salford crashed out of the LADBROKES Challenge Cup. The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18.
UAE to bid to host 2021 Rugby League World Cup. United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to stage the 2021 World Cup. While the sport is in its infancy in the Middle East, the country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile.
Huddersfield coach Paul Anderson aims to kick-start attack against Catalans Dragons. Paul Anderson is hoping to kickstart his side's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence as they look to start climbing back up the Super League ladder. The Giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over Easter.
Louis van Gaal: 'It's great to be a Manchester United supporter right now'. Manchester United moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place in the Premier League.
5 things we learned from the Manchester derby. Manchester United thumped Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday to move four points clear of their cross-town rivals. Louis van Gaal's men continued their excellent run of form.
Gary Neville: Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing Manchester City. Gary Neville's attacking gifts aren't enough to make up for his defensive deficiencies anymore, said Gary Neville in a scathing attack on the Ivorian following Manchester City's 4-2 derby loss to United. Manuel Pellegrini's City were poor for all but the opening 15 minutes against Louis van Gaal's side.
Alex Hales and Chris Woakes call for T20 franchise system to save England from World Cup embarrassment. International stars like Brendon McCullum will visit to play T20 cricket this summer, but talk among homegrown players is of how it might save England's players from further embarrassment in global competitions. England were thoroughly embarrassed at the 50-over World Cup earlier this year.
Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his England career. Former England all-rounder says time is running out for Pietersen to revive his career. The controversial record-breaking batsman has not featured for England since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago.
Andrew Flintoff calls on England fans to show their love for Alastair Cook in NatWest T20 Blast. The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format, with the England and Wales Cricket Board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as Brendon McCullum set to take part. Cook, however, has a supporter in former England team-mate and fellow 2009 Ashes-winner Flintoff.
Michael Michael Vaughan praises Alastair Cook in commentary box. Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the newly created role of Director of England cricket.
Pep Guardiola says his team's injury situation is 'critical, very critical' ahead of the Bundesliga match against Eintracht Frankfurt and the Champions League quarter final game against FC Porto. Guardiola spoke after defender Mehdi Benatia was ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
Bayern will be without midfielders Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery when they travel to Porto for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final first leg. The pair are not yet fully fit following a five-week absence with an ankle injury.
Manchester City are planning to table a mega-bid for Raheem Sterling on the day the transfer window reopens. The reigning Barclays Premier League champions have made the Liverpool forward a primary target this summer.
Daley Blind hails Wayne Rooney's pre-match team talk for Manchester United's 4-2 derby win over Manchester City. The Holland international also warned that Manchester United need to focus on the end of this season rather than thinking about challenging for the title next year. The 25-year-old Dutchman has played a significant role in United's run of six consecutive wins.
Manchester United 3-1 Manchester City: A sixth successive Premier League victory that cements United in third place owes much to the revival of Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata and the progress being made by Chris Smalling and Phil Jones. Ashley Young celebrates after scoring Manchester United's fourth goal in the derby. Manchester United 4 - Premier League points in 2015, one more than the whole of 2014.
Manuel Pellegrini accepted the blame on Sunday night for the emphatic Manchester derby defeat. Manchester United heaped more pressure on the beleaguered City boss with a 4-2 win at Old Trafford.
Sir Vivian Richards backs James Anderson for 100th Test cap. James Anderson will be remembered as an England great and a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham. Richards is well placed to judge the scale of Anderson's achievements and his endorsement is ringing.
Jimmy Anderson was known as Pro Killer during his days with Burnley, reveals former team-mate and now club chairman Michael Brown. As Jimmy Anderson prepares to play his 100th Test - needing only three wickets to equal Ian Botham’s England-record haul of 383 - Sportsmail's Lawrence Booth spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for Burnley, Lancashire and England. He was a keeper's dream.
Alastair Cook must somehow shut out the deafening noise enveloping English cricket and concentrate on what has become one of the most important Test series of his career. Defeat against West Indies in a three-Test battle that begins here on Monday is simply unthinkable for an England captain.
Kevin Pietersen battered Oxford’s students for 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months – then insisted the incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves has told him everyone has a ‘clean slate’. It was the 34-year-old's first appearance for Surrey since the LV= County Championship in June 2013.
Adam Federici to get over Wembley gaffe. The Australian blew his side's chances of beating Arsenal in Saturday's FA Cup semi-final by spilling Alexis Sanchez's shot into his own net in extra-time. Federici was inconsolable after the match and Clarke revealed: 'I tried to hug him but he was very, very disappointed.'.
Brendan Rodgers admitted Liverpool’s big-game mentality must improve after his hopes of winning the FA Cup were left in tatters. The Liverpool manager had no complaints about their 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa — their first loss in an FA Cup semi-final since 1990.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink may have steered Burton Albion to promotion but that does not mean the rookie manager’s season is over. After guiding his side into League One for the first time in their history, the Dutchman turned his attention to winning a championship medal.
Club Brugge striker Obbi Oulare scored in front of scouts from Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen. Belgian teenager Obbi scored as Club Bruge came from behind to beat Anderlecht in the Belgian top flight on Sunday. The 19-year-old striker came through the youth ranks at Lille, the same academy that has produced the likes of Liverpool loanee Divock Origi and Chelsea star Eden Hazard.
Ashley Shupe claims Kaiden, eight, has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating. It was a reaction, she claims to repeated 'taunting, bullying and physical assault' inflicted by one student in his class at Oakmont Elementary School in Dickson County, Tennessee, for more than a year since Spetember 2013. Kaiden Shupe is demanding $300,000 for the school district's negligence in protecting her son.
Ed Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud is the top song to fall asleep to. Music streaming service Spotify has analysed over 2.8 million users' playlists labelled'sleep', and Sheeranova's hit song, Thinking out Loud, is the number one song to drop off to. Scroll down for video The top song that people are falling asleep to?
Police officer charged with criminal homicide wants to keep video of her shooting of unarmed motorist out of court. Footage of Hummelstown police Officer Lisa Mearkle shooting two bullets into David Kassick's back as he lay face down on February 2 that was recorded by her stun gun has not been made public. Her attorneys asked a judge on Friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video. A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Baby tears up as Glee song brings him to tears. Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee. As the Lea Michele version of the track O Holy Night plays, footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant's face.
StevenSteven Gerrard looked glum at Boujis nightclub in Kensington after being knocked out of the FA Cup on Sunday - and his Liverpool farewell tour is unlikely to have him breaking into a grin either. The Liverpool captain spent the evening.
Oldham allotment gardeners at war with their council after they are moved to new allotments so their old prize-winning plots can be bulldozed to make way for a car park and five-a-side football pitches. The plots managed by the Broadway Allotment Association in Failsworth, Oldham have been popular with residents since the 1930s and kept many fed during the Second World War. However growers have been moved to land a few hundred yards away as part of a plan to redevelop the nearby Lancaster Club.
India cricketer Ankit Keshri dies after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in Kolkata. A 'promising' young Indian cricket player has died after being hit on the neck by a bouncer during a match. The Board of Control for Cricket In India confirmed on their official Twitter account that 20-year-old Ankit Keshri had passed away after suffering 'a cardiac arrest following on-field injury'.
Manchester City and Man Utd stars dine out with partners in the city centre. Stars such as Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Marcos Rojo embraced as they dined at the popular San Carlo Italian Restaurant. The United players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea on Saturday.
Doncaster Rovers media team stick up the match highlights of 0-0 draw with Fleetwood. There's not been a lot to laugh about this season at Doncaster Rovers. An uninspired campaign has seen the Yorkshire side firmly entrenched in mid-table mediocrity in League One.
Striker Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs. The 73rd minute substitute for non-league Clitheroe FC, in Lancashire, today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to Wayne Rooney on Twitter for advice.
Mohammed Shatnawi bizarrely scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head at the weekend. He watches on in horror as the ball floats ominously towards the net.
Queen's Ring of Truth makes her debut at Newbury. Capel Path, ridden by Ryan Moore and trained by Sir Michael Stoute, finished third to Richard Hannon's Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap but it was the Queen's Hannon-trained two-year-old who looked the one who got away. The 7-1 shot, making her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes, took time to understand what was required of her.
Lionel Messi can't remember his 32 hat-trick balls. Ask most players about the hat-tricks they've scored and they'll describe in detail how they managed to find the back of the net three times in 90 minutes. But that doesn't apply to Lionel Messi.
Manchester United duo David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoy some fun in the sun. The Spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time just days after United's impressive win against fierce rivals Manchester City. It has certainly been a rollercoaster season.
Christian Eriksen smooches girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen in London. Tottenham's Danish star ChristianEriksen may not have found the net since January, but the midfielder still knows how to score when the opportunity presents itself. The Spurs midfielder was spotted smooching with stunning girlfriend Sabrin.
Jack Jack Wilshere took to Social Media to thank fans for their support at the Emirates Stadium on Monday night. The England international returned from injury to captain the Arsenal’s U21 side against Reading in the top-of-the-table clash.
Christy Mack still has to wear a wig and glasses to look herself. Nine months after she suffered horrific injuries in a brutal attack, former porn star Christy Mack is still fighting to see MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder. She is still undergoing reparative dental work.
Chris Chris Robshaw is braced for further scrutiny after he was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados with girlfriend Camilla Kerslake. The England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year.
Bayern Munich's David Alaba posts video of his cast being removed ahead of Champions League quarter-final clash with Porto. The Austrian hasn't had much luck in terms of injuries but is clearly delighted he can now step-up his recovery and return for the Bundesliga leaders. On his Instagram, he said: 'Moving forward!
Fabio Borini enjoys a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park. The former Swansea striker made the most of the warm weather as he spent the day at the Cheshire forest. Borini appeared as a second-half substitute in Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle at Anfield on Monday.
Eight people killed in Sao Paulo fan club raid. Armed men killed eight people in a raid on a Sao Paulo football fan club on Saturday night that has close links to a notorious, now-closed prison. Police said witnesses told them that around midnight on Saturday three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass.
Last man to beat Floyd Mayweather now lives on £370-a-month hand out from Bulgarian government. Serafim Todorov beat Mayweather in the featherweight division semi-finals at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, but his life today couldn't be any further apart from the American's. Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas.
Sergio Aguero: Manchester City risk losing star man should they slip out of the Premier League's top four. The biggest challenge for Manchester City this summer could be keeping hold of something they already have. In the aftermath of Sunday's derby disaster the talk among fans was of summer incomings to reboot a blue machine that looks as outdated as a Commodore 64.
Fox Sports presenter Briony Ingerson has been widely criticised for posting a photo with black face make up. On Tuesday the photo made headlines and Ingerson responded with a message on Twitter, insisting she had not meant any harm.
Great grey owl swoopes on a tiny field mouse in snowy fields. This stunning series of photographs offer a bird's eye view of the moment a great grey owl swoops on a field mouse. The bird, which has a five-foot wingspan, stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada, before launching its attack. Its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws.
David Raven: 'I thought it was just our day'. An emotional David Raven reflected on a 'dream come true' after his last-gasp winner sent Inverness through to their first-ever William Hill Scottish Cup final at the expense of favourites Celtic. Defender Raven slotted home the deciding goal four minutes from the end of extra time as Caley stunned 10-man Celtic.
Manhunt for masked gunman who fired eight shots in Sydney shopping mall. A masked gunman remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt. It is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene.
Islamic State shows off military markets in Iraq and Syria. Islamic State has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos, showing off their growing number of military markets. Jihadists can be seen freely browsing through the market, dressed in military uniforms and carrying their weapons in holsters. An array of camouflage military equipment, from military fatigues to ill fitting hats appear to be freely available at the market.
Former Indy Racing League driver Sam Schmidt drives a sports car on the Long Beach Grand Prix road course. A quadriplegic, former Indy racing league driver got a chance to drive on the road course Sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray. When Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again.
'Rich' who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree. A lonely man has taken his search for love - or lust - online, posting an advertisement complete with his desires, or'requirements'. The outback Casanova, who lives in a remote outback town in the Northern Territory detailed his dreams for his potential partner. 'Prefer NON drinker and smoker (i know i'm dreamin), fit attractive, will get free gym membership, to a gym of my choice, phone of there choice, must be reliable, honest, and loyal, good
Firefighters beat back flames near California dam. Cooler overnight temperatures and low winds allowed fire crews to attack the blaze, increasing containment from 15 per cent, though on-the-ground conditions did not make that fight easy. The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades, according to Capt. Mike Mohler of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
Woman killed after tree falls on her car in Cincinnati. Authorities say a tree has crashed into a car driven by a woman in her 60s, killing her. Photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle.
Georgia mother of six makes desperate plea for help after fire leaves her family homeless. Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning, and was lucky to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely. However, all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble, and in her efforts to get the family back on their feet, she is asking for assistance. 'My children are homeless.
The leaked Sony emails are now claiming more victims just days after Wikileaks published thousands of the documents. This time it is Bruce Jenner, whose alleged gender transition is mocked by the generally soft-spoken and affable Cameron Crowe. This in an email conversation the director was having with former studio head Amy Pascal.
University of Florida redshirt freshman JC Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, was arrested on Saturday after a robbery at a Gainsville apartment. Police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun.
Rihanna holding a suspicious substance in her nose at Coachella. The clip, posted on Instagram and quickly deleted, shows the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her. After the camera cuts to her pals, it then pans back to Rihanna.
Chinese villagers set new well on fire after finding it so polluted they could set it on fire. When these villagers in China spent £1,000 and hours of hard labour digging a new well, the least they expected was some fresh drinking water. But they were left disappointed after pumping the liquid to the surface, only to discover it was so polluted.
Hazel the Bulldog tries to get the better of a washing basket. Puppies spend their time discovering the world with more enthusiasm than any human could muster. And an English Bulldog named Hazel is no exception to this rule.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks in Britain, Germany and France, rapping 'We want your blood'. This follows reports that British police have raised security levels ahead of several World War I commemorative events taking place next week.
Jay Dasilva is better than any current Premier League left-back, says Ian Wright. Ian Wright has hailed Chelsea's up-and-coming star Jay Dasrilva, claiming he is a better left back in the Barclays Premier League. The 16-year-old was part of the Chelsea Under 19 team that won the UEFA Youth League by beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Monday's final.
Izzy Brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire Chelsea's youth team to glory in the UEFA Youth League either side of a call-up to Jose Mourinho's first-team squad. The Blues' under 19 captain played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma in Switzerland on Friday afternoon.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 to book place in FA Cup final. Tim Sherwood said his Aston Villa team ‘bamboozled’ Liverpool and paid particular tribute to Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish, the teenager who shone on his Wembley debut.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with Pep Guardiola. The 72-year-old had been at Bayern for almost 40 years but is now unlikely to return to the Bundesliga club.
Pep Guardiola has denied claims of a rift with former Bayern Munich club doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt, who quit the club on Thursday after 'being blamed' for the defeat by Porto. The 72-year-old, who had worked at Bayern for almost 40 years, sensationally quit the Bundesliga club, claiming 'the bond of trust is damaged'.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner to attend FA Cup final. Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa’s final against Arsenal after missing the victory over Liverpool at Wembley because of a family bereavement.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is planning a summer swoop for Atletico Madrid midfielder Koke. The club's technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the 23-year-old.
Paul Smith, having bravely lost his two challenges to Arthur Abraham in Germany, now finds himself in pole position for a third successive joust against a reigning world super-middleweight champion. Only this time the elder of Liverpool's fine family of four fighting brothers will not be boxing for a title.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brook’s IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30. Talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen.
Manchester United scouts are due to watch Inter Milan striker Mauro Icardi against Verona at the weekend. United have had staff at Inter's games with Sampdoria and Parma.
Real Madrid keeping tabs on Liverpool contract rebel Raheem Sterling. Bernabeu legend Zinedine Zidane, now managing the Spanish giants' Castilla B-Team, insists the club are looking for the world's best youngsters to add to their squad. Sterling would certainly fit the bill.
Flight Centre founder and BRW rich list alumni Geoff Harris puts Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year. The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer. Mr Harris, who is reportedly worth $975 million, stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid with a calf injury. The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off during Real's 3-1 home victory over Malaga on Saturday.
Jason Wilcox, himself let go by his current employers as a teenager, could field a starting XI of players all born in Greater Manchester for the clash against the favoured opponents from west London. The Bolton youngster, who joined Blackburn at 14, was the only youth product to regularly appear in their Jack Walker-fuelled Premier League triumph in 1995.
Clitheroe FC striker Jay Hart sacked after he was filmed having sex with supporter in manager's dugout. Striker Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs. The 73rd minute substitute for the Lancashire non-league side was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside, on Saturday afternoon, was shared on social media.
Elche beat Real Sociedad 1-0 in La Liga. Jonathas took advantage of a defensive blunder to give Elche a 0-1 win against Real Sociesiedad in the La Liga on Monday night. Elche striker Jonathonas celebrates after scoring his 10th goal of the season to give his side a 1-1 draw at the Martinez Valero Stadium in La La Liga Elche midfielder Mario Pasalic, on loan from Chelsea, went close to doubling Elche's advantage in the second half but the 20-year-old Croatian fired wide from the edge of the area.
Nottingham Forest will make a renewed move for Blackburn's £10million-rated striker Jordan Rhodes this summer. Forest manager Dougie Freedman failed in a bid to sign the 25-year-old on loan with view to a permanent deal in March.
Hannover sack Tayfun Korkut after 13-game winless run. Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor, signing a contract valid for the remaining five matches of the season. The 51-year-old worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Lukas Podolski insists he is prepared to fight for his place at Arsenal when he arrives back at the club in the summer. The German World Cup winner is currently on loan at Inter Milan having joined the Serie A club in January.
Crawford landed a stunning right that Thomas Dulorme never really saw. Soon after that, Crawford was a two-time WBO champion.
Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night. The fight took place at the Turning Stone Resort Casino in Verona, New York.
Derry Mathews wins interim WBA lightweight title after unanimous points decision over Tony Luis in Liverpool. Mathews saw Richar Abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness to be striped of the belt and just this week replacement Ismael Barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa. Mathews made the brighter start and kept Luis contained behind the jab while landing a decent uppercut at the end of the second round. Luis' pressure and all-action style was beginning to tell on Mathews, who was more and more often going to the ropes.
Freddie Roach insists Floyd Mayweather does not deserve to be ranked alongside Manny Pacquiao as the leading fighters of their generation as the two boxers put the finishing touches to their preparations for the Fight of the Century in Las Vegas a week on Saturday. Roach said he rated super-middleweight star Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above Mayweather despite the American’s unbeaten record and his status as hot favourite for the May 2 showdown.
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan: 'I hate flying, I just hate it, it depresses me even thinking about it'. MaiquetIa, Venezuela: it's a long way from Bundoran — and a long distance from the Belfast homes of Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan. The pair mischievously claimed that Donegal's seaside town was their destination of choice for a post-Olympic break following their respective bronze medal wins at London 2012, but they have certainly travelled far and wide.
Nicola Adams has no intention of following her former Great Britain team-mate Natasha Jonas into retirement as she focuses on becoming a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio next year. Having overcome another lengthy injury lay-off, Adams is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week.
Jack Nicklaus hails 'young guys to take over' after Jordan Spieth's record-breaking Masters victory. Nicklaus believes it is time for the ‘young guys’ of golf to take on the game of golf. He was hugely impressed by Spieth’s four-shot win over Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson.
Caroline Wozniacki defends herself after congratulating Jordan Spieth on Twitter. Tennis star was forced to defend herself after she congratulated American golf sensation Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success. Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta.
Gael Monfils knocks Roger Federer out of Monte Carlo Masters. The Frenchman is sometimes fantastic, often frustrating and always flamboyant but he brought all the good parts of his game to bear as he knocked the former world No 1 out of the tournament in a thrilling last-16 encounter. It is matches like this that makes one wonder just how good Gael MonFils could have been; and perhaps how good he still can be.
Roger Federer spent less than one hour on court in his Monte Carlo opener with a 6-2, 6-1 win over Jeremy Chardy. Federer, who has changed his schedule this year to allow more time for recovery and training, played his first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final in March.
Lewis Hamilton tells Nico Rosberg he will do his talking 'on the track' in Bahrain. Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton insists that he will not be distracted as he prepares for the Bahrain Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton says he will 'just do my talking on the track'. 'It's not really changed much,' said the double world champion.
Mike Tindall and wife Zara Philipps at Aintree ahead of the Grand National. TINDALL was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen Monbeg Dude, the horse whom he owns with James Simpson-Daniel and Nicky Robinson, run his heart out and wanted to be in place for when the old warrior, who was sent off unconsidered at 40/1, returned. No wonder.
Billy Vunipola cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait. Saracens breathed a huge sigh of relief on Tuesday night as Billy v Tait was cleared. The England No 8 is free to face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final.
Saracens sweating over Billy Vunipola's availability for Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont. The 22-year-old faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon and could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck Leicester’s Mathew Tait. The full-back required attention after the 29th-minute collision at Allianz Park.
James Anderson induced an edge from West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin on the final day of the first Test in Antigua for his 384th Test scalp on Friday, breaking Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years. Anderson, 32, broke the record in the same match which saw him collect his landmark 100th cap for England, although there was disappointment as England could not force a victory.
Kevin Pietersen has not featured for England since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago. The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket.
MCC reveals plans to replace the 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's. The MCC has announced the latest phase of its 'Masterplan' redevelopment of Lord's which includes the replacement of the ‘tired’ Tavern stands. The intention is to build a single new structure in their place, with more than 5,500 seats, in the south-western corner.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor wins 200m individual medley gold at British Championships to qualify for World Championships. O'Conner's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year and came comfortably inside the World Championships qualification mark of 2:10:20. Siobhannah O’Connor wins gold in 200m medley at the British Championships as Jazz Carlin misses World Championships qualifying time She is still likely to race the 800m in Russia, after finishing more than 10 seconds clear of Jessica Thielmann in second and Camilla Hattersley in third.
Harry Redknapp says he would consider a return to management as long as it's at the right club. The 68-year-old handed in his resignation at Loftus Road in February, citing knee problems.
Mauricio Pochettino unsure if Newcastle boycott will be a help or hindrance to Spurs. Tottenham head coach is unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will prove a benefit or hinderance to his side this weekend. This season, like so many in recent years, has been a frustrating one at St James' Park.
Ronny Deila warns broadcasters to stop messing around Scottish football fans. The Celtic boss leads his side into a Scottish Cup semi-final with Inverness at Hampden on Sunday with a 12.15 kick-off. And after a week of turmoil and complaints – from clubs and supporters – over the unhealthy sway television has on kick-offs.
Karim Benzema set to miss Atletico Madrid clash. Every day Sportsmail takes a look at the European papers to see what are the biggest stories creating talking points on the continent. Let's start in Spain.
Charlie Austin in contention for England call-up. Charlie Austin is being considered for a surprise England call up for the national team’s summer fixtures after scoring 17 goals for relegation-threatened QPR. Austin is in contention because Harry Kane,.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist. The PFA has announced its Women's Player of the Year nominees for the 2014-15 season. Chelsea and England forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season.
Manchester City forward Toni Duggan has apologised to fans after posting a photo with Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal. The 23-year-old shared an image of her with the United boss at Wing's restaurant on Sunday night after United's 4-2 win over City at Old Trafford.
Celtic's Treble dream died on Sunday with striker Leigh Griffiths pointing the finger of blame squarely at the officials. A blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean and his team, particularly assistant Alan Muir.
John Hughes: 'We got away with a penalty and a sending off and that was probably the turning point in the game'. Inverness boss John Hughes says the break, which could have meant a penalty, was a turning point. 'I've not spoken to Josh.
Steve McClaren's Derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at Huddersfield provided Wolves and Brentford are both beaten. Just two years on from winning the FA Cup, Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton.
Eddie Howe has called on supporters to inspire the Cherries to win promotion from the Championship. The Cherries take on Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday followed by the visit of Bolton nine days later and then a last-day trip to Charlton.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep Nathaniel Clyne this summer. Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has accepted it will not be easy to keep hold of the England right back this summer as Manchester United prepare a bid for England's first-choice right back. Clyne, out of contract next summer, has attracted the glances of several top clubs with his performances for Southampton.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne: 10 players who could be taking a'step up' this summer. Some of the Premier League's less glamorous clubs face a battle this summer to keep hold of their brightest stars who have caught the eye of the 'big boys'. Sportsmail looks at 10 players.
Nathaniel Clyne: I want to play Champions League football. Manchester United target Nathaniel Clynec admits he wants to play the Champions League as the Southampton defender continues to be linked with a move away from the south coast. The right back has been in impressive form this season as the Saints have surprised many with a challenge on the Premier League's top four.
Preston 2-2 Gillingham. Second-placed Preston's quest to join Bristol City in the Championship was dented after they were held to a 2-1 draw against Gillsham, who grabbed an equaliser in stoppage time through Leon Legge. Jermaine Beckford's 10th goal in his past 19 appearances and Callum Robinson's effort had put North End two goals up.
Premier League players who have represented the lower leagues well. Everyone loves a bargain, even in the mega-rich territory of the Barclays Premier League. Where else to look for a steal than in the bargain basement?
Ryan Mason's tattoo on his arm becomes viral after England's 1-1 draw with Italy. Ryan Mason probably didn't expect his tattoo to take centre stage during his senior England debut, but that's exactly what happened on Tuesday night. The 23-year-old was celebrating Tottenham Hotspur team-mate Andros Townsend's equalising goal for England against Italy.
Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay at Chelsea for a long, long time. The Portuguese manager, 52, is leading the Blues towards their fourth Barclays Premier League title.
Leeds president Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of Saturday's match against Charlton. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani withdrew from the squad.
Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer by declaring the Anfield club are bigger than their Etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team. Ahead of Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley, Rodgers indicated it could take two decades for Sheik Mansour’s club to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United.
Roberto Mancini's relationship with Manchester City was rooted in his dismay at the quality of English players signed by the club. When names like Scott Sinclair, Jack Rodwell and to a lesser extent Adam Johnson were signed, he could barely disguise his contempt.
Tottenham will resist any offers for left back Danny Rose. The 24-year-old is fundamental to Mauricio Pochettino's plans and was signed up to a five-year contract last summer.
Steven Gerrard's FA Cup semi-final performance: A closer look at the Liverpool captain's performance. Steven Gerrard’s hopes of a fairytale ending to his Liverpool career were shattered as his side suffered a 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup. The final on May 30, also by coincidence, would have been his final game in a Liverpool shirt.
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny admits he feels sorry for Adam Federici, insisting the Reading stopper was 'the best player on the pitch' despite his costly error in Saturday's FA Cup semi-final. Federici allowed Alexis Sanchez's driven shot to slip through his hands and sneak over the line in extra-time.
David Seaman: Wojciech Szczesny must use his current spell out of the Arsenal side as a catalyst to come back a stronger goalkeeper, according to former club legend. David Ospina boasts the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances for Arsenal. He has been the Gunners' number one since the new year.
Malky Mackay's tenure at Wigan Athletic might just be remembered as one of the costliest appointments in the history of English football. A second relegation in three seasons would be damaging enough for a club that enjoyed eight largely successful years in the Barclays Premier League.
Ladies'Day' at Aintree. As day two of the Grand National gets underway, thousands of ladies dressed in outrageous or elegant outfits.
Tony McCoy guaranteed a great send-off at Aintree this week. The 40-year-old from County Antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits there and then should his Grand National ride Shutthefrontdoor bring him a second career victory over the world's most famous steeplechase. McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National.
PSGermain will come up against an 'unstoppable' player when Lionel Messi visits the Parc des Princes for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final, according to manager Laurent Blanc. Barcelona travel to Paris for the first leg and Blanc is well aware of the threat posed by the magical Argentine.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo to play together in UEFA All-Star match?. Lionel Messi could play together with Real Madrid rivals Cristiano and Gareth Bale in a UEFA All Star match showcasing the best of European-based talent, according to reports in Spain. They would play for 'Team South' - comprised of stars from La Liga, Serie A and Ligue 1.
Lionel Messi has issued an ominous warning to his opponents with the four-time Ballon d'Or winner declaring he is back to his best after a disappointing and trophy-free 2014. A string of injuries limited Messi's involvement as the Catalan giants lost the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid, the same rivals who knocked them out of the Champions League quarter-finals.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner is expected to make a rare appearance at Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final against Liverpool at Wembley in what could be his last match as chairman of the club. The American owner is scheduled to fly across the Atlantic for the grandest occasion during his tenure since Villa’s 2010 League Cup final against Manchester United in the same stadium.
Aston Villa 2-0 Tottenham: Christian Benteke returns to form. Note to all managers: if you’re top striker is misfiring, have a word with Tim Sherwood. He obviously knows the secret of getting them back among the goals.
Aston Villa 2-0 Tottenham: Christian Benteke heads Aston Villa into the lead against Tottenham in the 35th minute. No gilet; no problem for Tim Sherwood. Make no bones about it, the Aston Villa manager enjoyed this victory.
Liverpool are top of the league with six games to go and only Manchester City are better placed, theoretically, with two games in hand to make up a four-point deficit. The slip hasn’t happened and Liverpool are looking strong.
Paul Gascoigne's FA Cup goal at Wembley 24 years ago today. These days, Gazza is a celebrity associated with tears, and battles against drink and depression. But, nearly a quarter of a century ago, he was just a footballer. Not an ordinary footballer - he was a brilliantly talented maverick, but still a footballer.
Harry Redknapp claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by Arsenal fans as he left the Emirates Stadium after the Gunners' 4-1 win over Liverpool. The 68-year-old, who was speaking to former Arsenal midfielder Paul Merson, admitted that abusive fans is the least enjoyable thing as a manager.
Bayern Munich may have been ravaged by injuries ahead of the Champions League game at Porto on Wednesday but the squad's sense of unity is stronger, Thomas Muller said on Tuesday. The Bavarians are without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba among others.
Michael Carrick wants to try his hand at Formula One. Manchester United midfielder has revealed he wants to take up a career in motorsport when his playing days are over. Carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season as Louis van Gaal's side put their stuttering start to the season behind them.
Arsenal Under 21s 1-0 Reading. Jack Wilshere continued his return from injury to captain Arsenal U21s, but could not prevent a defeat by Reading's youngsters at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal Under21: Macey, Bielik (Dobson), Pleguezuelo, Ormonde-Ottewill, O'Connor, Diaby (Kamara), Maitland-Niles, Gnabri, Crowley, Iwobi. Subs: Iliev, Zelalem. Booked: Diaby.
Alexis Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into great Arsenal teams of yesteryear, says Frank McLintock. The Chile international has been a smash hit since arriving from Barcelona last summer and his 20 goals in all competitions have powered Arsenal's season. The Gunners are second in the Barclays Premier League following an eight-match winning run.
Arsenal's eight-match winning streak in the Premier League has taken even manager Arsene Wenger by surprise, according to the Frenchman whose side retain an outside chance of winning the title. Aaron Ramsey's goal against Burnley extended the Gunners' record to 16 wins in their last 18 games.
Serge Gnabry says he is feeling 'better and better' all the time as the Arsenal teenager prepares to return after more than a year out. The 19-year-old midfielder impressed for the Gunners last season, but his progress has been stunted by a serious knee injury.
David 'Flats' Flatman: England are getting rugby-fever. As the World cup draws closer, it is not just in the rugby heartlands that they are beginning to feel the excitement. Twickenham, as the home of rugby, may be gearing up to embrace the sport’s biggest tournament, but on the other side of the capital, the Olympic stadium is also quietly preparing to get in the oval-ball act.
Exeter's Tomas Francis helps end Northampton Saints' unbeaten run. A bullish performance by Exeter tighthead Tomas Francis could trigger a tug-of-war between Stuart Lancaster and Warren Gatland after the 21st 2lb prop helped end the Saints’ three-month unbeaten run in the Aviva Premiership. Against a side who pride themselves on the set-piece, Francis dominated his scrummaging contest against Alex Corbisiero.
Sale Sharks 25-23 Exiles. Sale Sharks' hopes of qualification for next season's European Champions Cup were dealt a hammer blow as they went down to a surprising loss at the Madejski Stadium. Sale still remain in seventh position but they lost ground on most of their rivals and have only themselves to blame.
RaRaheem Sterling has hinted that his long-term future remains at Liverpool after revealing that he dreams of hearing Anfield sing his name. The 20-year-old, who has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs, has now revealed that he'd love his very own chant from the Liverpool faithful.
John Carver challenges Newcastle players to relieve pressure on Liverpool. Newcastle boss says his players need to relieve the pressure of their shoulders with a win against Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers' men ended their mini-slump on Wednesday evening with a 1-0 FA Cup quarter-final replay victory.
Brendan Rodgers is ready to unleash Jordan Ibe on the Barclays Premier League once more after his sparkling return to training. Ibe has been absent for the last six weeks after he damaged his knee ligaments during a Europa League.
Daniel Sturridge believes Raheem Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly and hopes he will remain at the club. Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer, although he insists it has nothing to do with money.
Atletico Madrid v Real Madrid: Why the Madrid derby is the greatest city derby in world football. There will have been eight Madrid derbies by the end of this season, no city showdown has been played more in recent years. MailSport looks at the reasons why Atletico’s meeting with Real Madrid can also lay claim to be the greatest.
Julen Lopetegui: Bayern Munich's injury list will not lead to Porto upset. Porto coach Julen LOPETEGUI does not believe that Bayern Munich’s extensive injury list will a leading role in Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final meeting. The Bundesliga champions remain hot favourites to reach the last four of Europe's elite competition.
Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola in deep conversation following a Barcelona training session. Luis Enrique travels to Paris to take on Blanc's PSG side at the Parc des Princes in the Champions League.
Philippe Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy and is picking up where Luis Suarez left off last season, believes Jamie Carragher. Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United on Monday night and managed five shots against goalkeeper Tim Krul.
Sampdoria revive interest in Mario Balotelli should he choose to take a pay cut. The Italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season. He has only scored once in the Premier League since his switch to Liverpool last summer.
Wayne Rooney believes Manchester United team-mate Marouane Fellaini has gone from Old Trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in Europe. The Belgian has proved a handful for defences and was instrumental in wins over Manchester City and Liverpool.
Marouane Fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in Manchester United's midfield of late, and Jamie Carragher says Jose Mourinho will be drawing up a special plan to stop him. The French centre back started in the middle of the park in last month's Capital One Cup final and has become an emergency option for the league leaders in that unfamiliar role of late. But with United on such good form, having won their last six league games, Mourinho will need to find a way to stop them.
Mick McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of Ipswich players. Wolves moved Town closer to securing a place in the SkyBet Championship play-offs. Despite Wolves bouncing back to take a point through Benik Afobe's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute.
More than 400 extra officers drafted in by BTP to help with crowds in London this weekend. The force hare been faced with a unique set of circumstances and have acted swiftly to ensure they will be ready to deal with any flashpoints. United head to Stamford Bridge on Saturday to take on Chelsea in a 5pm kick-off while Roses rivals Leeds are at Charlton Athletic for a 3pm start.
Manchester City entertain the Hammers at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday with speculation over Pellegrini's future mounting after a difficult season and a run of six defeats in their last eight games. But Allardyce believes the pressure of going for back-to-back Barclays Premier League titles, plus the introduction of Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules, have made the Chilean's job the hardest in world football.
Leicester boss Nigel Pearson calls for realism in survival bid. Leicester will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if they beat Swansea at home on Saturday and Burnley fail to win at Everton. They also have to face relegation rivals Sunderland and QPR away.
Bolton will offer new contracts to Emile Heskey, 37, Eidur Gudjohnsen, 36, and goalkeeper Adam Bogdan, 27. The trio have helped Bolton steer clear of relegation.
Dundee boss Paul Hartley has warned that Paul McGowan may not feature in any of the team's remaining six games this season because he fears playing the troubled midfielder could see him break his police curfew and end up in prison. After his third conviction last week for assaulting a police officer, McGowan escaped a jail sentence but was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks.
Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the fiercely contested Conditional Jockeys title race when both had one success on Monday.Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while DeBoinville victorious on One Lucky Lady at Kempton.De BoinVILLE is the only one of the duo riding on Tuesday with two mounts –Rusty Nail and Taylor – at Exeter.The season ends at Sandown on Saturday.US trainer Wesley Ward is to aim Hootenanny and Sunset Glow at Royal Ascot after scratching
Portland Timbers beat New York City FC 1-0. Portland Timbers' Dairon Asprilla scores in the 79th minute to lift the Portland Timbers past New York NYCFC in Major League Soccer on Sunday. A failed clearance fell to the feet of Asprillas at the top of the box and his deflected shot found the empty side of the net. City have now won just one of their seven games.
Lyon 2-2 Saint-Etienne. Lyon return to the top of the Ligue 1 table after securing a point from a topsy-turvy Rhone Valley derby match against Saint Etienne. Clinton N'Jie handed the hosts the lead midway through the first half before Lindsay Rose saw red for Hubert Fournier's high flyers.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner misses FA Cup final after aunt passes away. The 53-year-old American had been tipped to make a rare appearance but boss Tim Sherwood said: 'I’ve not spoken to him yet. My phone is buzzing in my pocket but I don’t know who it is.'.
Football in Turkey suspended for one week after Fenerbahce team bus attack. Football has been suspended in Turkey following the armed attack on the team bus on Saturday. The decision affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals.
Manny Pacquiao trains with his team at Griffith Park in Los Angeles, California ahead of the mega-fight. The Filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to share a video of his morning run. It may be April Fools' Day but Manny Pacquiao was wasting no time joking around as the champion boxer continued his preparations for the eagerly-anticipated bout with Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
Ronnie O'Sullivan to face debutant Craig Steadman in first round of Betfred World Championship. Ronnie O’Sullivan will tackle a Crucible debutant in the first round of the Betfred World Championship which starts in Sheffield on Saturday. Five-time winner.
Ken Doherty on brink of exiting World Snooker Championships. Former world champion is on the brink of crashing out of the final qualifying round at the Crucible. Doherty trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session of their third-round qualifier at Ponds Forge in Sheffield. The 45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third Crucible winner to crash out.
Ronnie O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while he's waiting for his opponent to finish at the table - and it's usually whether he will make it to dinner or not. 'The Rocket' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history.
Manchester City defender Pablo Zabaleta admits confidence is low after Manchester United derby loss. Manuel Pellegrini's men crashed 4-2 at Old Trafford, a sixth defeat in eight games in all competitions and a result which leaves them fourth and clinging onto a Champions League place. Manchester City are facing a battle to finish in the top four after their derby loss at Manchester United on Sunday. Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini celebrates after scoring the opening goal.
Joe Hart bemoaned one of his 'worst days in a Manchester City shirt' following Sunday's derby thumping by Manchester United. The England number one appeared devastated after the final whistle at Old Trafford and acknowledged that City's bid to retain their Premier League title was over.
Manchester United's humiliation of their neighbours City continued their outstanding record against the Barclays Premier League's top seven this season. Louis van Gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches, while Chelsea (1.56) and City sit second and third respectively.
Aboriginal teenager who was arrested after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday has complained he was a victim of police brutality. Eathan Cruse, 19, one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning, said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. 'He grabbed me, handcuffs me, is like 'What's your name?'... and I said Eathan,' the man told Nine News.
Florida homeowner finds nine foot bull shark swimming past his back yard. This incredible video captured the moment the extremely dangerous predator prowled past the property at the north end of Hickory Island, in Bonita Springs. The beast can be seen just under the the water, with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface.
Vanessa Moe's debut showing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia sees her stand among some of our most iconic labels and style forecasters. But unfortunately for the up-and-comer, her minimalist collection was outshone by her distracting choice of headwear for the models.
Jana Pittman gives birth to her second child just days after video surfaces of her training while eight months pregnant. The two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter, and Pittman's former agency PACE Sports Management has also offered congratulations on the new addition.
Is Manchester red again?. Manchester United's humiliation of their noisy neighbours City at Old Trafford led the club's official website to claim the city was turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes.
Andy Lee will be onto a winner no matter what happens on Saturday night. The 30-year-old arrived in New York on a crest of a wave.
Josh Warrington admits he was bored by the end of his fight against Dennis Tubieron as he eased to a lop-sided points win in Leeds. The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the First Direct Arena on Saturday night. Accompanied to the ring by Vinnie Jones, the featherweight was never in trouble but failed to deliver the stoppage that had looked a formality during the contest.
Carl Frampton blasts Eddie Hearn's £1.5m offer to fight Scott Quigg as a 'publicity stunt'. Belfast's IBF super-bantamweight world champion has called on the Matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer. 'It's the biggest publicity stunt I've seen since that incident between Justin Timberlake and Janet Jackson at Superbowl XXXVIII (when Jackson's breast was briefly exposed by Timberlake).
Alan Stubbs: I don’t see anything wrong with Peter Houston’s comments. Clearly baffled and obviously just the tiniest bit irked, Stubbs simply didn’ t know what to make of Peter Houston. Back-track or snap right back at him?
Fi Fiorentina lose 1-0 at home to Hellas Verona. Fiore were stunned in the 90th minute when Mounir Obbadi scored from close range after Alessandro Diamanti had missed a second-half penalty for the home side.
Lilly Lilly Pulitzer sells out at Target. Late-sleeping Lilly Pulitzer fans found out the hard way that if you snooze, you lose - literally - when Target's complete stock of Lilly Pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately.
'halal' sex shop set to open in Mecca in Saudi Arabia. Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh revealed how a Saudi Arabian cleric had told him such a venture would encourage 'the improvement of the sexual relationship between husband and wife'. It is being led by the owner of am existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira, which is known for its range of sensual oils.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of English clubs in Europe. The are no Premier League clubs in the last eight of the competition.
UConn baseball team welcomes 5-year-old with leukemia. The University of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: Grayson Hand of Sturbridge, Massachusetts. Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams.
Hip-thrusting dance duo surprise guests on their wedding day. Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO. Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on.
Memphis Grizzlies fan Malenda Meacham unleashes her air bongo-playing skills. It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen. Spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham. She even has a basketball jersey with her nickname emblazoned on the back.
Video footage of a law enforcement officer grabbing a cell phone from the hands of a woman recording him and throwing it violently to the pavement in southern California. The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday. About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her. Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst. For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach.
FC United of Manchester win Evo-Stik North title. FC United, the club set up in protest at the Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United, are now two promotions away from the Football League. On an emotional night in front of 3,588 noisy fans the Rebels sealed the fourth promotion of their short history with this nervy win over Stourbridge.
Manchester United to hand trials to MK Dons teenagers Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire. Manchester United are to hand trial trials to two of their U18 side's stars, 19-year-old central defender Luke Tingsey and 18-year old centre midfielder Kyran Wilshire. Central defender, 18, became a hit on YouTube last month.
Diego Simeone is made for England. Though his collapse under the weight of a mere brush with David Beckham’s boot in 1998 saw him characterised as the antithesis of Anglo-Saxon values.
Gian Buffon's Champions League dream team. Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has been plying his trade in Serie A for the best part of 20 years and has graced the same field as some of the world's best.
Atletico Madrid v Real Madrid: Champions League quarter-final second leg. Real Madrid's last win against Atletico came in the Champions League final less than a year ago, but in the time since that memorable night in Lisbon Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to win any of their last seven games against their city rivals.
Derby are targeting Real Madrid coach Paul Clement to replace current boss Steve McClaren. The Rams, who are hoping to be clinch promotion into the Premier League via the play-offs, have begun the process of identifying candidates for McClaren's job.
Charlton defender Joe Gomez is one of the most wanted young players in the country. Joe Gomez has played at right back for Charlton this season and is wanted by Manchester City and Arsenal. The England Under-19 defender is valued at £8m by the Championship team.
Patrice Evra reveals Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach. Former Manchester United defender Patrice evra has revealed he was told he would make a great manager one day. Evra is now at Juventus but says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
Football Shirt Friday got into full swing as celebrities showed off their favourite kits in support of The Bobby Moore Fund for Cancer Research UK. Fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt – old or new – in memory of 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore.
Martina Hingis to play first singles match since 2007. The 34-year-old was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks - the fourth all-time behind Steffi Graf, Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert - and is poised to return on Saturday. She won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18 and had the world at her feet, before retiring at 22 in February 2003 due to injuries.
The FA Cup has been through a rollercoaster of emotions over the years - and now it is taking an actual roller coaster ride. The famous trophy was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire ahead of this weekend's semi-finals at Wembley, nestled in between an Arsenal fan and Reading supporter. The Gunners head into Saturday's showdown as the favourites against the Championship side.
Wellington Silva has finally received clearance to make his Gunners bow after being granted a Spanish passport. He signed for Arsenal in January 2011 from Fluminese for a fee of £3.5million.
Mario Mandzukic proved he is a warrior with his performance against Real Madrid, just as Diego Costa was. Mario Mandukic was as culpable as he was the victim.
Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak has made Atletico fans forget about Thibaut Courtois and David De Gea. Sportsmail looks at the 22-year-old.
Wilfried Zaha poses for close-up shots as FIFA 16 edges closer. The latest installment in the popular video game series will be highly-anticipated by its legion of fans as the gaming giants do their utmost to make the newest release the best yet. As the football calendar approaches the business end of the campaign, EA Sports are already looking towards next season.
Javier Hernandez ready to lead Real Madrid attack vs Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg. On loan Real Madrid striker Javier Hernandez is set to start up front for Carlo Ancelotti's side - with the club going through an injury crisis at present. The Spanish publication reports that the 26-year-old links up well with Cristiano Ronaldo.
Jurgen Klopp expects no reaction from Dortmund players to his departure. Borussia Dortmund coach JurgEN Klopp does not expect any particular reaction from his players or the fans to his announcement that he will be leaving the club in the summer. He has vowed to win as many games as he can before bringing his seven-year reign to an end.
Bayern Munich must focus on the future, says Sammer. Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer believes his side must start focusing on the present in order to cope with the eventual loss of players such as Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso. Sammer, who joined Bayern's hierarchy in July 2012, has warned Pep Guardiola that the club have to'make plans for the future before it is too late'.
FC Rostov's Ivan Novoseltsev gets down on one knee to propose to girlfriend Katerina Keyru. As if playing in front of thousands of fans wasn't nerve-wracking enough, one footballer decided to risk public humiliation by proposing to his girlfriend on the pitch after a Russian Premier League match. FC Rostov defender Ivan Novosetsev popped the question after his side's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow on Monday night, getting down on one knee at the Olimp-2 stadium to ask Katerina Keyru to
Ceahlaul sack Ze Maria for second time in a week. Relegation-threatened Romanian club Ceahlault Piatra Neamt have sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria for the second time in a week. Former Brazil defender Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run, only to be reinstated the next day.
Benik Afobe feels 'unstoppable' as he bids to beat Harry Kane to become the country's top scorer this season. The striker has scored 31 times for MK Dons and Wolves - just one ahead of Tottenham hotshot Kane. Afobe has added 12 more since joining Wolves from Arsenal on a permanent deal.
Jes Jesper Blomqvist: 'I lost my medal on the pitch jumping around and I had to start looking for it. I was scared but I found it in the end'.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris, based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of Peggy, who she believed to be possessed with an evil spirit. Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic ready to take centre stage against Barcelona in Champions League semi-final. For most people, Barcelona's progress into the Champions League semis looks a formality given they beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the first leg in France. The only man bound to disagree is the one who modestly called his autobiography 'I am.
Saudi Arabian Airlines baggage handlers sacked after video shows passengers' luggage being carelessly tossed onto conveyor belt. The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck.
£420,000 piano hand decorated with half a million Swarovski crystals. The custom-made piano was created for an unnamed buyer described as an 'influential Sheikh' in Doha, Qatar. Goldfinch, a Cambridge-based piano maker, took six months to build it, with every crystal applied by hand. It was made in collaboration with British contemporary artist Lauren Baker.
Charlene of Monaco presents Novak Djokovic with Sportsman of the Year award. She might be a new mother to twins but that didn't prevent a fresh-faced Charlene from cutting a glamorous figure as she presented a sports prize this morning. Resplendent in an edgy navy leather jacket and a matching tailored dress, the 37-year-old was all smiles.
Vivid Sydney 2015: Magical light shows projected onto iconic Sydney buildings. Buildings draped in vibrant flowers, jagged shapes of light origami designed to trick the mind, and forests of floating white dresses are just some of the magical installations coming to this year's festival. Each winter since 2009 the city has come alight with mind-bending light shows projecting onto iconic buildings such as the Sydney Harbour Bridge, Opera House, Customs House and the Museum of Contemporary Art. In 2015 the festival, which also includes a plethora of art, music and theatre shows as part of the exhibition, has expanded its installations.
HSBC has apologised after a link on its official website directed visitors to a pornographic page. Anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards - which has since been shut down - was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex.
Dog jumps around in time to a water fountain. It's usually children who are seen splashing away in spray fountains. But one dog was caught lapping up all the fun at a public play area in Brooklyn, New York.
Kitten rescued from Florida brush fire. A workaday local news report on a brush fire came to an adorable ending when it inadvertently captured a kitten being rescued. Roger Lohse, a reporter with Miami-area station WPLG, was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest Miami-Dade when his cameraman pointed out something behind him.
Sydney's Opera House surf video goes viral. Internet users were left scratching their heads after an old hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney’s Opera House started trending for a second time. The video was originally posted by Sydneysider Darren Johnson following strong storms and tandem heavy swells in June 2012.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police in Festus, Missouri, that 17-month-old Layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite, officers said. Fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on Sunday, and had not realized that her child was dead. According to the Fox2 local news station, Layla had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over.
One World Trade Center's 102nd floor observatory will show the growth of Lower Manhattan from the 1500s to the present day. The video, shared by The New York Times on Monday, will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory. The film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes before it was settled by the Dutch in the 1600s.
Sol Campbell sells £6.75m Chelsea flat to avoid mansion tax. The polls might have the parties neck-and-neck – but it looks like Sol Campbell is taking no chances. For the second time this year, the former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property – leading to speculation he wants to dodge Labour’s mansion tax if the party wins the election.
Four Royal Navy sailors charged with gang rape of young woman at Canadian barracks must stay in Nova Scotia until they have been tried. The four men appeared in turn in a courtroom in Dartmouth, near Halifax, where they were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a Canadian naval base for the next few years. Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them.
Giorgio Armani criticises women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much. The 80-year-old fashion designer, who has dressed everyone from Beyoncé to Adele, has made a name for himself putting A-listers of all shapes and sizes in his creations. But it turns out he has harsh criticism for a few body shapes in particular.
This is the heartwarming moment a military father springs an elaborate homecoming surprise on his eight-year-old son by photobombing his class picture. Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling jazz hands in the background and turns around to see him standing there.
Zinedine Zidane confident Paris Saint-Germain can beat Barcelona and progress to the Champions League semi-finals. PSG need three goals in the Nou Camp on Tuesday night to reach the last four of the Champions Leagues. Zidabe is confident Laurent Blanc's side have what it takes to go through.
Porto need to hit top form against Bayern Munich, says Julen Lopetegui. Porto will need to beat five-times champions Bayern Munich on Tuesday despite holding a 3-1 first leg advantage in their Champions League quarter-final, coach Julen Lopetigui said on Monday. The Spaniard warned Bayern remained lethal even though they were missing several big names including Arjen Robben and David Alaba.
A rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone. In an adorable video posted to YouTube by user Jeannine S with nearly one million views, puppy Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to bring it over to her canine friend Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal. Bonnie lifts the dish into her mouth and scuttles her paws backwards to dine along with Clyde.
Alaska to kill mother bear and her four cubs after they start eating out of trash cans. The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row, nosing through overturned receptacles and putting the neighborhood on alert. Residents were warned to keep their distance.
Stri Striker Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs. He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media and has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend's forgiveness.
Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested Under 16 tournament between the different associations within the United Kingdom. Wales are the current holders of the Victory Shield while England are the most successful country.
Gary and Phil Neville, Ryan Giggs, Nicky Butt and Paul Scholes will no doubt partying hard on Tuesday night after Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title. Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town, meaning the Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball.
Southend United move into fourth after 1-0 win over Bury. Former Bury player Worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute with a superb curling effort from a set-piece courtesy of a yellow-carded foul by Adam El-Abd. It put manager Phil Brown’s late-goal specialists, who pinched an added-time winner at Exeter on Saturday, behind third-placed Wycombe only on goal difference.
MK MK Dons boss Karl Robinson hailed the patience of his team as they beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One. Robinson's team needed a freakish goal by Dean Bowditch, 25 minutes from time, to break Doncaster's resistance and stay within a point of the automatic promotion places.
Arsenal fan Luke Bryant banned from going to games for three years. Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary's stadium, where Arsenal were losing 2-0. Bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' of the Football Act 1991.
Kolo Toure: 'Sad' Steven Gerrard will deal with FA Cup final disappointment. Liverpool defender Kolo Toure insists a'sad' Steven Gerrard will deal with the reality of being denied a fairytale FA Cup final farewell. The former Ivory Coast international said the team was probably more disappointed at not being able to deliver a trophy for fans.
Didier Drogba withdraws from charity match after picking up ankle injury. Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has been forced to withdraw from Monday's 'Match against Poverty' in St Etienne to add to the Blues' injury woes upfront after Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over Manchester United. The Ivorian centre forward played the full 90 minutes in Chelsea's last two games, wins over Queens Park Rangers and United.
Graeme McDowell believes Jordan Spieth may not be the only rival Rory McIlroy has to face as he looks to complete the career grand slam and add more majors to his collection. The Northern Irishman, who won the BMW PGA Championship last month, said he was impressed with the way Spieth played at Augusta National on Sunday.
Justin Rose will try to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the Masters. Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour.
Caroline Wozniacki never doubted she would grace the courts of tennis' grand slam tournaments even when she was a giggling schoolgirl just coming through the ranks. The former world No 1 shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster, accompanied by the caption: 'I made my schedule ahead of time.'
Will Stevens has followed the lead of England's elite footballers and taken to using the world-class facilities at St George's Park to help him climb the Formula One ladder. Manor driver Stevens has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine, located in the altitude chamber.
Andrea Atzeni to partner Terror in Newmarket's Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes. Jockey Andrea Atzeni has an early chance to promote the Classic claims of a contender owned by his new Qatar Racing bosses when he partners Terror in Wednesday’s Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket. The 1,000 Guineas hope, trained by David Simcock, is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the Guineas. Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six
Oliver Sherwood eyes rematch with Coneygree in Hennessy Gold Cup. A defence of his crown will be a priority for Grand National hero Many Clouds next season, and trainer has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his Cheltenham Gold Cup conqueror. Many Clouds, winner of Saturday's Grand National, is shown off during a parade in Lambourn on Sunday.
Ruby Walsh is renowned as one of the greatest jockeys of all time but he also showed what a fine horseman he is on the second circuit of the Grand National. Walsh acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the Canal Turn as vets tended to the stricken Balthazar King.
Leighton Aspell wins the Crabbie’s Grand National on Many Clouds. They came to see the great AP McCoy deliver the Hollywood ending to his record-breaking career, but instead it was left to a jockey previously regarded as a popular journeyman to secure his place in Aintree folklore. Many Clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor Hemmings.
Serge Betsen: How will Clermont win against Saracens at Stade Geoffrey-Guichard?. France legend Serge Betsen tells Sportsmail where he thinks Clermont's clash with Saracens will be won... HEAD TO HEADS.
Barkley signs new contract at London Welsh. London Welsh have announced a contract extension for their former England international back Olly Barkley. The 33-year-old joined the Exiles last year.
Brian O’Driscoll: Saracens are the only English team left in the Champions Cup. With the French league becoming a honeypot for billionaire financiers – comic book tycoon Mourad Boudjellal has used his chequebook to turn Toulon into double European champions – the gulf between clubs from the Aviva Premiership and the Top 14 is bigger than ever. O'Driscolls says it's a money issue for English sides and they need Roman Abramovich style investment.
Declan Fitzpatrick is to retire from rugby on medical grounds. Ulster said that 31-year-old Fitzpatrick had.
Saracens sign Argentina centre Marcelo Bosch to new contract extension. Marcelo Bousch has signed a contract extension at Allianz Park. Bosch, 31, was the hero of Sarries' European Champions Cup quarter-final victory over Racing Metro 11 days ago.
Wasps wing Christian Wade slammed by Andy Goode after he fails to turn up to charity event. Goode accused the 23-year-old of having ‘bad values’ for dropping out of a fundraising event for the Matt Hampson Foundation — set up by and named after the paralysed former Leicester Tigers prop — because he was ‘too tired’. Danny Cipriani, Shaun Edwards and Mark Cueto were among the stars.
Jonathan Davies warns Saracens that Clermont are'sharpening the blade' ahead of Champions Cup semi-final against Northampton. Jonathan Davies has warned SaracENS that Clermont Auvergne are ‘sharpening the blade’ ahead of Saturday’s Champions Cup semifinal having made easy meat of Northampton. The French outfit thrashed the English champions 37-5 in the last-eight tie.
Bath have announced the signing of England Sevens international Jeff Williams. The 26-year-old will move to the Recreation Ground for next season.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £3.6million contract over three years with BT. Sportsmail exclusively revealed last year that BT had agreed to pay £20m over four years for the naming rights of Murrayfield — and that the telecommunications giant would follow that up with a deal to have their trademarks on the famous dark blue jersey. Now that has come to fruition and, come the summer, they will take over from ousted backers RBS.
Sachin Tendulkar pays tribute to promising Indian cricketer Ankit Keshri who died after colliding with a team-mate. Sachin has paid tribute to a 'promising' Indian criceter who has died after being hit on the neck by a bouncer during a club match in Kolkata. The Board of Control for Cricket In India confirmed on their official Twitter account that 20-year-old Ankit had passed away after suffering 'a cardiac arrest following on-field injury'.
Ian Bell insists England did not underestimate the West Indies ahead of the first Test, despite some injudicious comments from the incoming chairman of the England and Wales Cricket Board. Outgoing Yorkshire chairman Colin Graves, who starts work as Giles Clarke's successor next month, upped the stakes before the tour started by declaring the hosts'mediocre'.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone hits world-record 350 for Nantwich Town against Caldy. The 21-year-old all-rounder, who has yet to make his first-team debut for the Red Rose, plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his remarkable 138-ball innings. He came in at number 3 and smashed a triple-century as the scoreboard shows.
Hales' double century helps Nottinghamshire reach 393 for seven against Yorkshire. The first double hundred of Alex Hales's career helped Nottinghamshire into a position of strength on the opening day of their LV= County Championship match against Yorkshire at Trent Bridge. The England international was unbeaten on 222 not out as the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps, having been invited to bat first.
England cricket England must decide whether to stick with the attack that failed to force a first Test win or twist and freshen things up for a second match that is already upon them. The sight of Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressing in the nets here on Sunday, and Moeen Ali bowling apparently without discomfort after joining the squad, was a reminder that England have options for the second Test which starts on Tuesday.
Kevin Pietersen's attempt to impress the England selectors ended in failure in Cardiff on Sunday afternoon. In the same Swalec Stadium arena where Pietersen hopes to be batting against.
Mark Selby cruises past Kurt Maflin to reach second round of the World Championship. Selby was straight into an auspicious groove as he began his title defence at the Betfred World Championship on Saturday. The 31-year-old from Leicester rocked Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title.
Semenya reclaims 800-meter title, says she's injury-free. Caster Semeniya reclaimed the South African 800 meters title on Saturday and said she's looking to qualify for the World Championships. The former 800 world title-holder and 2012 Olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds in Stellenbosch, near Cape Town, making her move on the last corner and pulling away from the field through the final 50 meters.
Crucible Curse will be one weight on the mind of Mark Selby on Saturday, but the mercurial talents of a debutant capable of ‘absolutely murdering anybody’ will be another altogether. The world champion will have to negotiate both if he is to make history in Sheffield. It is one of the quirks of this venue that no first-time winner has retained his title the next year.
Michael Phelps wins 100 metres butterfly in Arizona. Michael Phelps made a winning return to competitive racing as the 18-time Olympic gold-medallist claimed 100 meters butterfly victory at the Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona. Phelps, back in action after a six-month suspension imposed by USA Swimming following his drink driving conviction last September, won the race.
Liam Phillips wants to expand his repertoire to aid Olympic bid. Liam Phillips knows he must expand his skills to aid his bid for Olympic glory. The 26-year-old from Burnham-on-Sea won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014.
British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney insists the association worked'really hard' to keep Aaron Cook on board - but the 24-year-old was set on changing his nationality and competing for Moldova at the 2016 Olympics. Dorset-born Cook who was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012, applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici.
Arsenal Under-21s fall to Middlesbrough 3-2. Despite their best efforts, a 10-man Arsenal Under-21 s side fell to a 3-2 defeat by Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium on Monday night. Gunners goalkeeper Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after he scythed down Boro's Harry Chapman in the box.
Juan Mata: Manchester United can be proud of their performance against Chelsea. Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata insists his side can take many positives from Saturday's defeat by Chelsea and congratulates his former side as they close in on the Premier League title. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game as Louis van Gaal's side came to an abrupt end.
Tony Pulis must wonder if he'll ever be successful at the right end of the Premier League. For all the expertise Pulis has in keeping clubs in the top flight, a talent that has the everlasting gratitude of Stoke City and Palace supporters, his overall record is one of the worst of any long-serving Premier League manager. He won promotion with Stoke and got them to an FA Cup final. He turned Palace's season around 12 months ago.
Hull boss Steve Bruce admits side need some 'crazy results' to avoid relegation. Hull head to Southampton on Saturday without a win in five games and perching just two points above the bottom three after wins last week for QPR and Leicester. Steve Bruce hopes the unpredictable nature of this season's top flight will continue into the final weeks.
Leicester’s belief is growing. Their 2-0 victory over Swansea made it three Premier League wins in a row.
Mike Ashley warned to invest in Newcastle or risk losing a generation of fans. Newcastle owner Mike Ashley has been warned he risks creating a lost generation of supporters. Thousands of fans stayed away from Sunday's Barclays Premier League defeat by Tottenham at St James' Park in protest at the way he is running the club.
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season, who would only be on 20 points. Newcastle's fans protested for the board to sack him and were delighted when he resigned.
Yannick Bolasie hat-trick helps Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-0. He came for revenge and left having inflicted a humiliating defeat which leaves sorry Sunderland perhaps regretting they ever crossed Alan Pardew. The Crystal Palace boss would not admit as much, but the grin he wore in the wake told of his satisfaction.
Garry Monk has responded to speculation linking him to the West Ham job by insisting the perfect man to manage the club is already in place at Upton Park. Sam Allardyce's current contract expires at the end of the season, and it has been suggested West Ham's owners might go in a different direction ahead of the club's move to the Olympic Stadium at the start of the 2016-17 campaign.
Dele Dele Alli is excited by the prospect of playing under Mauricio Pochettino next season. This has been a whirlwind season for the 19-year-old, with his exceptional performances for MK Dons earning a £5million move to White Hart Lane in February.
Ryan Hardie's brace comes as Rangers boss Stuart McCall fulfills his promise of fielding more academy players. Rangers were not satisfied yet, though, and had a fourth when Law shook the bar from the edge of the box.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games to reclaim their Premiership return. The Gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot.
SFA chief Stewart Regan insists Dave King faces a challenge to convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person to be chairman of Rangers. The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the Ibrox boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles. King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body that 41 convictions under South African tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations.
Brendan Rodgers undoubtedly needs to reinforce his squad, and Sportsmail assesses Liverpool's chances of landing five of their main targets. Liverpool will miss out on Champions League qualification after only a season back in Europe's elite club competition.
FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium Broadhurst Park nearing completion. The eighth wonder of the world is nearing completion in the seventh tier of English football. In a park in the middle of a working-class suburb east of the city centre, builders are putting the finishing touches.
Man Utd: 'The Glazer Gatekeeper' by Tehsin Nayani. A rare insight into Manchester United's unpopular owners has lifted the lid on how they run the club. The man who spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family has written an enlightening account of his time with the chiefs.
10 potential Clasico exports. Premier League clubs looking for players at Barcelona and Real Madrid this summer will find a team’s worth.Barcelona want limited departures from the first team this summer because they can’t sign players until January but they also want to blood young players from their B-team out on loan at higher leagues because their second string is likely to be playing third division football.
Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny had more than one reason to celebrate on Saturday. Just hours after he had played the full 120 minutes it took for.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of Newcastle United with thousands of supporters planning to boycott Sunday's home match against Spurs. The 50-year-old has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley’s running of the club.
Sam Allardyce warns Aaron Cresswell that the grass isn't always greener at West Ham. The West Ham star has had a fine debut season in the Premier League, with a number of big clubs circling him for a possible summer move. But Sam believes that City's previous British purchases speak volumes and that the 25-year-old should remain where he is.
Charlton Athletic 1-1 Fulham: Johann Gudmundsson scores to earn a point. The Fulham fans in the Jimmy Steed Stand applauded their team at the final whistle. It was not the victory manager Kit Symons had called for.
Mauricio Pochettino: England call-up hurt Harry Kane and Ryan Mason. Kane has been one of the stars of the Premier League, scoring 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham, and is just one away from becoming their first player since Gary Lineker in 1992 to hit 30 goals in a season. The England forward has been nominated for both PFA Player of the Year.
Juventus are proving that experience is a vital ingredient in the quest for European glory as the Serie A giants named their second oldest side in Champions League history on Tuesday night. Massimiliano Allegri's starting line-up had an average age of 30years 64days during their slender 1-0 quarter-final first leg win over Monaco.
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad. The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa, but acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club.
Amir Amir Khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on May 30, despite announcing Chris Algieri as his opponent last week. Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13.
Manny Pacquiao poses for a picture with NBA superstar Jeremy Lin and Saved by the Bell actor Mario Lopez. The 36-year-old posted an Instagram snap of himself tensing his upper torso while posing in a boxing ring.
Tim Krul and Jermain Defoe are lesser stars than Moore and Pele, of course, and the Newcastle United goalkeeper's instinctively friendly gesture towards the man who had just scored a brilliant goal past him took place with 45 minutes yet to play. But was it really so different to that celebrated business in Guadalajara, Mexico, for which we don’t only continue to congratulate the England colossus and the Brazilian legend for their integrity and values, but also ourselves, somehow, for knowing and loving the game when it still had a place for common decency?.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters for the third time on Friday after opponent Milos Raonic retired with a foot injury. Raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time.
Rafael Nadal beats John Isner to reach Monte Carlo Masters quarter-finals, Roger Federer loses to Gael Monfils. Nadal was made to work harder for a 7-6 (8/6) 4-6 6-3 victory over Isner and he will now meet fellow Spaniard David Ferrer in the last eight. Rafael Federer was knocked out of the competition by the talented Frenchman GaelMonfils in straight sets.
Stan Wawrinka loses to Grigor Dimitrov in Monte Carlo Masters quarter-final. A bizarre performance from Stan Wawsrinka saw the Bulgarian breeze through 6-1, 6-2 to his first masters quarter-finals of the season. Stan Wausrinka is out of sorts.
Chelsea are weighing up a move for West Ham striker Enner Valencia. Jose Mourinho earmarked the Ecuador forward in January as he chased Juan Cuadrado.
Patrcik Bamford: Chelsea open talks with Middlesbrough striker over new deal. As Patrick Bamford fired home his 19th goal of the season on Tuesday night, there was one question on everybody’s lips: can he make the grade at Chelsea next season? The 21-year-old striker has been prolific in his loan spells at Boro.
Wojciech Szczesny will start in the FA Cup semi-final but the future looks bleak for the Poland goalkeeper who has been deposed as Arsenal’s No 1. Arsene Wenger confirmed the Polish international will play ahead of David Ospina against Reading at Wembley on Saturday but offered no further guarantees. ‘At the moment, I hope yes,’ said Wenger.
Steve Clarke insists his Reading side must be 'perfect' to have any chance of beating Arsenal at Wembley. Steve Clarke has challenged his players to make history by getting to the FA Cup final for the first time. Eighty-eight years ago they made it to this stage but Clarke is not content with matching that.
Readinging manager Steve Clarke insists the FA Cup needs protecting after some dubious scheduling decisions. Earlier in the competition the Third Round ties were split over five days due to New Years Day Premier League matches and to accommodate televised games.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford to compete at Sainsbury’s Anniversary Games. London will be treated to an appearance from three Olympic gold medallists this summer when Jessica Ennis Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford take part in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games. All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively.
Adrian Heath: 'I think English people are fascinated with America'. Adrian Heath is holding court at his weekly pre-match press conference, and one of the local reporters wants to talk crossbars. Might it be a good idea to raise it a bit so more goals could be scored for the benefit of goal-hungry American fans?.
NBC host Rebecca Lowe has helped to improve coverage of the Premier League in America. In 2012-13, some 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live. Last season that was 32 million — or more than one in 10 people.
Sergio Aguero, Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri in action as Manchester City train ahead of West Ham clash. Manchester City may be still licking their wounds from their derby day mauling at bitter rivals Manchester United on Sunday, but the reigning Premier League champions looked in determined mood as they trained on Wednesday. Preparing for their weekend clash at home to West Ham United, Manuel Pellegrini's stars were all in action at their Etihad Campus base.
David Villa cheers on Atletico Madrid during Champions League clash with Real Madrid. David Villa shows there's no hard feelings towards Atletico as he cheered on his former club during their crunch Champions League quarter-final first-leg clash with city rivals Real. The World Cup-winning star, who spent a year at Vicente Calderon last season, joined MLS newcomers New York City FC after struggling to secure a regular first-team spot.
The Manchester derby will be more like El Clasico, with 14 native Spanish-speaking players due to be involved. Eight of United’s first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries.
Ronda Rousey visits Manny Pacquiao's Los Angeles training camp. The undefeated UFC bantamweight title holder, 28, has made it clear she is in the Filipino's camp in the the lead up to the fight. She's been very, very nice me, so I'm going to root for him.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao open workout live stream. The build-up for the blockbuster fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 steps up a gear on Tuesday night when the American holds an open workout for the media. The session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it here from 12am UK (7pm EDT)..
MannyPacquiao takes his turn at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles. Twenty four hours after Floyd Mayweather Jnr dazzled the media with his skills, Manny Pacquiao takes his turn.
Manny Pacquiao has once again shown there is more than one string to his bow by directing and performing in a music video which highlights his poverty-stricken homeland. The 'I'm fighting for Filipinos' music video shows his compatriots in derelict areas of the Asian country as well as footage of his previous fights.
Mayweather vs Pacquiao referee to earn $10,000. The fight at the MGM Grand on May 2 is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) with both fighters picking up huge pay days. And, according to the Telegraph, the referee of the eagerly-awaited contest will net $10k.
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti. The £1.5million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later.
FloydMayweather may already be close to his fighting weight ahead of his bout with Manny Pacquiao next month, but he isn't always eating what you'd expect from a champion. In a new video released by the champion's 'Money Team', Mayweather's personal chef reveals that he loves his snacks, swapping healthy food for sweets and fizzy drinks on'snack day'.
Theo Walcott will finally open formal talks about his future in the next two weeks. The 26-year-old has got just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal.
Atletico Madrid know how to replace stars, from David De Gea (left to right), to Thibaut Courtois, to Jan Oblak. One very good player moves out and another very good players moves in.
Bayern Munich's Philipp Lahm gives Owen Hargreaves insight into Pep Guardiola's tactics ahead of Champions League quarter-final tie against Porto. The World Cup winner was speaking to the BT Sport pundit as part of a special documentary 'Inside Bayern Munich' which airs Saturday at 10pm on BT Sport 1. 'His tactical understanding is incredible,' Lahm explained.
Atletico Madrid centre back Miranda has lambasted Serbian referee Milorad Mazic following his side's Champions League encounter against Real Madrid. The Brazil international criticised Mazic's display after the goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Paul Scholes slams Mario Mandzukic for'making a meal' of Daniel Carvajal. The Croatian striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from Real defenders, even having his face cut following a Ramos elbow, but Scholes claimed the Atletico star was over-reacting to the challenges made on him. Scholes said: 'Mario was trying to cause a bit of trouble. He makes out to be a tough centre forward but he was anything but.'
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him, Gareth Bale left it knowing that once again the fingers of blame will be pointing at him after his first half miss after Diego Godin's slip. On a night when Atletico Madrid’s defence once again showed why it is one of the toughest to break down in Europe all three Real Madrid forwards were unable to get the better of their rivals.
Champions League: Spanish papers focus on Jan Oblak's impressive display. The Champions League returned this week with eight teams vying for a place in the semi-finals. Three of them are from Spain and with Madrid rivals Real and Atletico, squaring up.
Barclays Premier League team of the day: Premier League ratings. Every weekend, Sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters to bring you the Premier League Team of the Day. It was the Saturday that saw Leicester City keep their survival chances alive by coming from behind to beat West Brom and Tim Sherwood claim a priceless victory for Aston Villa.
Wil Wilfried Zaha has admitted he felt ‘worthless’ during his two-year spell as a Manchester United player. The 22-year-old winger was signed by then Old Trafford boss Sir Alex Ferguson in January 2013 from Crystal Palace for £10million.
Eric Cantona denies he starred in soft porn film You and the Night. Former Manchester United midfielder Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film, insisting You and the Night is a 'piece of art'. The French film has a number of racy scenes, and at one point sees Cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear.
Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to former striker Eric Cantona. The Argentina international has three goals and five assists this season.
Eric Cantona: Manchester United are 'kings of the city' again after beating Manchester City. The former United striker made a rare foray into football matters at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai and spoke about diverse subjects, ranging from soft porn – in defence of his latest film – to his old side’s changing fortunes. Cantona once professed his desire to be the manager at Old Trafford but has changed his mind, predicting United would recapture their old dominance under Van Gaal.
Bournemouth 2-2 Sheffield Wednesday: Eddie Howe left 'heartbroken' by referee. From top to third to second to top to second again. What a perfect game to represent such an absurd season.
Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty. The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Sky Bet Championship going into stoppage time.
PSG star Marco Verratti hails Zlatan Ibrahimovic for playing an 'essential' role. Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Marco Verratti has heaped praise on Zlatan Ibrahimovic for playing an ‘essential’ role for the French club. The 33-year-old striker has bagged 17 Ligue 1 goals for Laurent Blanc’s side this season, but Verratti believes his input off the pitch is just as important.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final. Easing through a relatively straight-forward group to reach the latter stages, there aren't many who would have tipped Porto to go all the way in the Champions League this season. 11 years ago the Portuguese outfit achieved the impossible as Jose Mourinho guided an unfancied squad to glory but since then they have flattered to deceive.
Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League after inflicting a devastating defeat on Wolfsburg at the Volkswagen Arena on Thursday night. Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control.
Petr Cech shows off his drumming skills on YouTube. As his Chelsea team-mates edge towards the Premier League title to end a five-year wait, Petr Cech kept himself busy as he struggles for game-time by showcasing his drums skills. The 32-year-old posted a video via his YouTube channel, playing the drums to 'Magnificent' by U2.
Jurgen Klopp's farewell press conference was much like his seven years at the club: engaging, compelling and infused with passion. His voice cracked with emotion at times and in the next breath he laughed at questions and joked with his boss, Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc.
IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana: Pit crew member hit by car. This is the shocking moment a pit crew member was hit by a car on Sunday during the inaugural IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana. Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25.
Arjen Robben says he has felt 'physically disabled' during his latest spell on the sidelines with a troublesome abdominal injury. The Holland international has missed his side's last three games for Bayern Munich and is expected to miss the upcoming Champions League tie against Porto. Robben, who is close to returning to full fitness, has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days and plans on returning for Bayern's cup match against Borussia Dortmund.
Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho give adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex. Ever wondered where footballers chill out after training? Well here's your answer.
Manchester City defend price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double. A number of fans in the East Stand at the Etihad Stadium have been informed that their £885 season cards will rocket to £1,750.
David Silva is fit after Cheikhou Kouyate elbow to the face. David Silva declared himself fit on Sunday night despite fears he had fractured his cheekbone after being caught in the face by West Ham’s elbow. He went to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media to ease fans’ worries.
Russia have been awarded a 3-0 walkover victory while Montenegro have been hit with a stadium ban following the abandonment of a fraught Euro 2016 qualifier in Podgorica. UEFA has ordered Montenegro to play its next two qualifying games behind closed doors - with one of those matches suspended for two years - while fining the nation £36,280. During the game, which took place on March 27, Russia goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev was struck by a lit flare.
Manchester United 4-1 Manchester City. Too strong, too hungry and too powerful. All over the field.
Vincent Kompany, Manuel Pellegrini and Patrick Vieira watch Manchester City's Under 18s side lose to Chelsea in FA Youth Cup final final first-leg. Manchester City captain Vincent Konta, manager Manuel Pelligrini, head of youth development and former Manchester City midfielder Patrick Vieira were in attendance to watch the club's under-18s side fall to a 3-1 defeat by Chelsea. Chelsea's Tammy Abraham celebrates after scoring his side's third goal against Manchester City.
Leonardo Jardim was furious after his side lost 1-0 to what he described as a 'non-existent penalty' in their Champions League quarter-final first leg at Juventus on Tuesday. The controversial decision will add to calls for the use of video replays as it was still not fully clear what happened, even after several repeats of the incident in slow motion.
Jose Mourinho: Chelsea would never sign someone who isn't good enough. Chelsea do consider their sponsorship interests when the club buys a new player.
Patrick Bamford: Chelsea loanee hopes long-term future lies at Stamford Bridge. The striker beat Ipswich Town's Daryl Murphy and Watford's Troy Deeney to win the prize at Sunday night's Football League Awards in central London. Bamford hopes to be part of Gareth Southgate’s England Under 21 squad for the European Championships.
Sheffield Wednesday have brought in Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder to work alongside head coach Stuart Gray. Chairman Dejphon Chansiri said the trio would form 'a three-man sporting director by committee' at Hillsborough.
Jamie Carragher says Mike Ashley has turned Newcastle into a 'boring' club and has accused the billionaire owner of only being interested in making money. His words are sure to resonate with supporters who boycotted Sunday’s 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs – a sixth straight loss which equals their worst-ever run in the Premier League.
Moeen Ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan. The lifelong Liverpool fan, 27, made the announcement on Friday.
Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka. Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six.
Hull KR 50-30 Bradford Bulls. Four tries and a total of 30 points from goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato broke brave Bradford's hearts as Hull KR avoided a potential Ladbrokes Challenge Cup banana skin with a victory at the Odsal Stadium. Rovers twice came came came from behind, trailing 12-0 in the early stages to the Kingstone Press Championship heavyweights, before easing clear with five tries in the final 18 minutes.
Huddersfield 38-14 Catalans Dragons. In-form winger Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as the Giants beat the Dragons to end a three-match losing run. Murphy, player of the month for February and March, went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from Jake Connor's pass.
Gary Cahill has won four cups with the Stamford Bridge outfit since joining in January 2012, including the Champions League, but the England defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet. 'What I’ve won already at Chelsea has been fantastic but we all know in cups, you play the game and don’t see the next one for a month or so,' Cahill said in an interview with Soccer Saturday.
PSG face almost impossible task against Barcelona. Paris St Germain coach Laurent Blanc accepts his side face an almost impossible mission trying to turn around their Champions League quarter-final against Barcelona at the Camp Nou on Tuesday. The Ligue 1 champions were swept aside in their own stadium last week by a dominant Barca.
Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona's suggestion that he is the greatest footballer on the planet. Cantona, the former Manchester United forward, claimed earlier this month that Pastore is 'the best player in the world'.
Sean Reardon: Driver who was pulled over for suspected drink driving is clubbed by two policemen as he lays on the ground after being hit with a baton or stick by two officers in California. The clip, taken by a bystander, has emerged and shows the 30-year-old being repeatedly hit by an officer as he lay on the road in Chico, California. He claims once he was out of the car he was wrestled to the floor by two police officers who then hit him with a stick or baton. He was left with broken bones and ribs after being subjected to the brutal beating.
Sian Lloyd's trip to Adelaide. The February afternoon we arrived in Adelaide, the mercury was whizzing up to a sizzling 46C and the South Australian city was the hottest place on the planet. The temperature had climbed above 40C for a whole week.
Eddie Hearn unveils £1.5m offer to Carl Frampton to set up super-fight with Scott Quigg. Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras in a bid to force a deal with the IBF super-bantamweight champion.
Andy Lee confident he has improved even further since winning world title. Andy Lee is confident he is ready for anything the former champion has in his locker. The Irishman makes the first defence of his WBO middleweight belt against Peter Quillin in New York.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'This is my dad!'. A protective dad has devised a creative way to keep the boys away from his young daughter - by printing his muscly torso on a t-shirt and making her wear it.
Florida woman charged with child abuse after driving with her son on the hood of her car. Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone and was preparing to leave their home in Port St. Lucie, south-east Florida, following 'a brief altercation'. After bundling his three siblings into her car, Garcia started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped onto the hood.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds', places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own. As everyday life gets every more stressful and homes get smaller, women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven. They are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors.
Lilly Pulitzer fans boycott second-hand sellers of Lilly for Target collection. Lilly Leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm. Meanwhile, Mrs Pulitzer's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair.
YouTube star Cassey Ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video, highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips who accuse the trim and toned online icon of being everything from ‘too fat’ to ‘ugly’ To ‘pudgy’ Cassey's YouTube channel, Blogilates, has over two million subscribers, so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the California resident’s fitness videos still manage to get under her skin – and have a much greater impact on her than any of the positive messages sent to
Virgil van Dijk's free-kick helps Celtic to a 2-2 draw with Dundee. The prospect of a Treble evaporated last Sunday, an afternoon Ronny Deila now describes as the worst of his career. Eight points clear of Aberdeen with five games left to play, however, his outlook is suddenly brighter.
Huge stingray nibbles on freediver’s head, gliding back and forth over the man's body gently on the ocean floor. The video shows the incredibly peaceful encounter between the ray and Johnny Debnam, a 29-year-old commercial diver and ocean lover. He was free diving in water four metres deep; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean on Rottnest Island off the coast of Western Australia.
Eric Abidal: Barcelona have the potential to win treble. Former Barcelona defender Eric abidal believes that his former club Barcelona have a chance to secure a famous treble by winning La Liga, the Champions League and the Copa del Rey this season. Barcelona are very much in form. They demonstrated that once again against PSG and I hope they will reach the final.
Evertonian Steven Pienaar has admitted he considered retirement as frustration took its toll during his injury-ravaged season. The influential 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season.
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading. Welbeck expects a tough test as Arsenal face a Championship side at Wembley for the second year in a row.
Chelsea have turned to the latest fitness technology to carry them over the line towards the Premier League title following a relentless campaign. Having led the chasing pack for most of the season, the Blues are currently seven points clear with a game in hand over their closest rivals.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao show off their toned physiques as preparations continue. With just over two weeks to go until the $300million mega-fight, Floyd Mayweather has showed off his toned physique as there preparations continue. The fight takes place at the Las Vegas, MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2.
Falcao spends Thursday evening in company of Jonas Gutierrez. Newcastle United defender Gutierrez, who successful underwent treatment for testicular cancer earlier this year, was given a standing ovation at Anfield when he was introduced as a second-half substitute.
Raymond van Barneveld beats Michael van Gerwen in battle of Holland. The 'battle of Holland' was nothing short of sensational as Raymond Van Barnevald defeated World No 1 Michael Van Gerwen - earning the bragging rights and giving himself a fighting chance of qualifying for the showdown at the 02 Arena. Robin van Persie took to Instagram to show that he was watching his fellow Dutchmen go head-to-head.
Richie Benaud's small private funeral was attended by close family and friends in Sydney on Wednesday. The memorial booklet, titled 'Remembering Richie', included a few words thanking the guests.
Tottenham 3-1 Newcastle: Harry Kane, Nacer Chadli, Christian Eriksen and Harry Kane score as Magpies sink to a sixth loss on the bounce. These are toxic times on Tyneside but the thousands of supporters who boycotted were at least spared another dispiriting display which equalled a club-record rot of six straight defeats in the Premier League. Were it not for a freaky five wins on the spin last autumn, Newcastle would be headed for the Championship. In fact, head coach John Carver fears his side – the worst in the division on present form – could yet
Manchester City 2-0 West Ham. As composed and as comfortable as Manchester City were here at the Etihad, performances like this succeed only in highlighting the full extent of their failure.
Real Madrid 3-1 Malaga. Real Madrid closed the gap on Barcelona to just two points at the top of La Liga.
FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce claimed on Wednesday night that the SFA were 'entirely wrong' in their move to ban Josh Meekings from the Scottish Cup Final. The Inverness Caley Thistle centre-half will learn on Thursday whether he has been successful in challenging the one-match suspension offered by compliance officer Tony McGlennan.
Div Divock Origi has revealed that compatriot Simon Mignolet has been helping him prepare for the'special feeling' of playing at Anfield and the goalkeeper has given him tips about the best places to go in Liverpool. The Belgium international has also received messages from members of the club's management team to let him know they are monitoring his progress closely during his season-long loan at French side Lille.
Greece's Football Federation (EPO) could be suspended from international competition over government interference should a proposed new law be voted in, FIFA and UEFA have warned. Following continuous problems with crowd trouble, the Greek government has put together a new set of regulations in an attempt to crack down on violence at sports events.
David Moyes and Louis van Gaal: Which man has coped best in the crucial areas of the job at Manchester United?. It is exactly a year since Sportsmail revealed that Moyes was getting the sack at United, the club deciding to take action as soon as a defeat at Everton meant Champions League qualification was no longer possible. Into his shoes stepped an entirely different character.
Australian man dies after suffering suspected heart attack while holidaying in Bali. An Australian man died suddenly on Wednesday after suffering a heart attack at his hotel in the tourist town of Kuta in bali. The 50-year-old collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 Legian Hotel in Kuta where he was staying. He was unable to be revived.
4WD bursts into flames in Sydney airport car park. A 4WD has burst into flames at Sydney airport's busy international terminal car park covering the area in thick smoke. The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday.
Te Tegan Peters, 22, from Auckland New Zealand said she immediately wanted to warn her Pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland. Ms Peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over, thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old Rottweiler-cross Odin.
Michael J's 11-month-old daughter Leighton in tears after being handed a French fry to lure over the family dog. Forget rattles or elaborate toys. Feeding the pet dog is enough to keep this baby entertained - for hours.
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone: Life in Madrid would be a lot easier if Atletico Madrid weren't around. The pressure is mounting on the Italian coach when Atletico visit the Bernabeu on Sunday. He has been knocked out of the Copa del Rey by his nemesis and beaten 4-0 in the league.
Airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags into the correct queues - but it's a somewhat cut and thrust job. As the suitcases whizz round on the belt, out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and and thrusts them onto a lower track. The red and black luggage moves along the conveyor after being taken from the plane.
Holidaymakers who announce they are going on a two-week trip or regularly post selfies from the beach on Facebook while they are away could find their insurer refusing to pay out if they are burgled. This is because most insurers have a'reasonable care' clause, meaning firms don't have to offer up cash if they can prove people weren't careful enough in protecting their possessions.
Warren Sapp made many highlight-reel plays during the course of his Hall of Fame career, but the former NFL star might be better remembered for his off-field exploits thanks to a new video. Sapp was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women.
Tennessee high school football coach Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack, which will require surgery. Witnesses said the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected,' reports News Channel Five Network.
Russian teenagers accused of murdering three girls and setting them alight at party. Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, are said to have raped their last victim before slitting her throat. The vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them ablaze at a flat in south-west Russia, according to prosecutors. If convicted, they face life in jail.
Man in motorized wheelchair plucked from DC subway tracks after falling from platform. Surveillance footage recorded at the U Street station, on the green and yellow lines of the metro system, recorded the swift rescue. It shows commuters in the city center station getting up from their seats then crowding round the scene of the accident. According to Fox5 News, the man only had minor face injuries.
Texas school worker caught on tape tossing five puppies over six-foot fence. Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five, 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence just before noon on Saturday at the Humane Society of Harrison County's The Pet Place in Marshall. 'It appears the man was trying to do the right thing, of getting the animals to the proper place to take care of them,' Captain John Best with the Marshall Police Department told KSLA.
Ryanairline passengers on a Ryanair flight were allowed to walk through a deserted passport control unchecked. Holidaymakers onboard the delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester had been due to land at 11.25pm on Friday. But by the time they finally arrived three hours later, they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3.
Merseyside motorist blocks Mercedes from beating traffic jam with undertaking manoeuvre. This is the moment a driver deliberately blocked a sneaky motorist who tried to beat a traffic jam by undertaking a manoeuvre. Traffic had started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island on Merseyland, with one motorist filming the gridlock on a dashcam. But one driver in a silver Mercedes obviously wasn't prepared to wait in the queuing traffic on the outside lane.
David Marr claimed the PM recently told the Countryside Alliance magazine that his favourite sport was fox hunting. But in an article for the magazine, Mr Cameron actually said: 'I have always been a strong supporter of country sports.'
German Shepherd puppy learns that mothers do indeed know best when its guardian puts it in its place with a paw. Videoed outside by its owner Tracy, the young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully. And is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother, who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor.
'spider goat' is born with four forelegs and two hind legs. A farmer from eastern China has found himself the talk of the country after one of his goats gave birth to a kid with six legs.
Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk insists season will still be a success if they clinch the Scottish Premiership title. Virgil Van Dijk has insisted that Celtic's season will not be ruined by their Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Inverness on Sunday. The Dutch defender is now looking to wrap up the title in style.
Patrick Bamford hopes to become Chelsea's answer to Tottenham Hotspur's Harry Kane next season. Middlesbrough's Bamford insists he wants to fight for his place at Stamford Bridge with Chelsea. Click here to read chief sports writer Martin Samuel's brilliant column on Jack Grealish.
RaRaheem Sterling is at the centre of a second drugs controversy after the Liverpool forward was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide. The England international will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high, which is also known as ‘hippy crack’.
Porto fans give their team a hero's welcome as they return from Bayern Munich. On their return from a humiliating Champions League quarter-final loss at the hands of Bayern Munich on Tuesday night, the squad were given a heroes reception as they arrived back in Portugal. Police escorts were needed to keep the delirious supporters at bay as the Porto team bus drove past.
James Milner intends to play a waiting game until the end of the season before making a final decision on his Manchester City future. The England midfielder has interest from Liverpool with Brendan Rodgers keen to fill the vacuum created by Steven Gerrard's departure.
Chelsea are looking to beat Manchester City to sign Brazilian prospect Nathan. The attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with his club Atletico Paranaense.
West Bromwich Albion are weighing up the possibility of signing Nice forward and ex-Lyon trainee Alassane Plea ahead of the summer transfer window. Plea, 22, has scored three goals this season and can also play as an attacking midfielder.
Juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer with a big-money move for PSG striker Edinson Cavani, according to a report in Italy. Corriere dello Sport claim that Juve have a plan in place to sign the in-demand Uruguayan as they look to partner him with fellow South American Carlos Tevez.
Memphis Depay appears to be edging closer to a move away from the Philips Stadion as PSV Eindhoven director Marcel Brands has revealed there is a high chance his side's star player will leave in the summer. The Manchester United target, who scored an emphatic 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season, has been tipped to join one of Europe's big boys after impressing in the Eredivisie.
Andre Gomes insists he has no intention of leaving Valencia this summer. Valencia midfielder Andre has denied being contacted by Premier League leaders Chelsea. The 21-year-old has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances since leaving Benfica last summer.
Manchester United check on Lazio's Felipe Anderson and Napoli's Gonzalo Higuain. Manchester United had a scouting watching Lazio midfielder Felipe Anderson as he set up the winning goal against Napoli. The 21-year-old Brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from PSG, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo's 22-year-old forward Yoshinori Muto. The Japan international, who has played for the J-League side since 2013, will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer.
Selfies are doing little for our self-confidence, survey finds. Women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie they feel comfortable posting online, a survey found. And men are happy only on their fourth try.
Driver who killed Good Samaritan on M1 spared prison. Retired policeman Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to the motorway near Watford, Hertfordshire, after a man fell from a bridge in January last year. But as he tended the victim – Alan Tretheway, 67 – Mr Bell was struck by a Toyota driven by mother-of-three Iram Shahzad.
Driver follows his sat nav down a country lane and leaves his roof suspended from a tree. Gloucestershire Police were called to the incident on an unregistered road between the A417 and Cowley by the driver. They say they are considering pursuing the driver for the Mercedes Atego for a driving offence. Don't always trust your sat nav and know the height of your vehicle.
Oribe Peralta scores in 89th minute to earn America a draw against Montreal Impact in CONCACAF Champions League final. The second-half substitute headed home a cross from Argentine midfielder Rubens Sambueza. Argentine striker Ignacio Piatti put the Impact ahead when he converted Andres Romero's ball in early in the first half.
Bolton Wanderers defender Marc Tierney is poised to announce his retirement on Thursday. The 29-year-old left-back fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013.
Siem de Jong is on track to play a part in Newcastle's Barclays Premier League clash with Swansea. The 26-year-old Holland international midfielder played 72 minutes for the club's Under-21s and set up striker Adam Armstrong for the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory at Aston Villa.
Arsenal will help Abou Diaby resurrect his playing career this summer. The midfielder's contract expires in June and talks over his future will not commence until after the season.
Martin Skrtel has rejected rumours linking him with a move away from Anfield by declaring he won't be leaving the Premier League side. The Slovakia international has made over 200 league appearances for the Reds since arriving in 2008.
Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season with the Anfield outfit - which has led to some unhappy fans calling for his dismissal. Not since the 1950 has a previous Liverpool manager gone three campaigns without a trophy, but that is the unwanted fate that will meet the 42-year-old at the end of this term.
Manchester City's David Silva returns to training. Manchester City playmaker David Silva has returned to training, the club have reported.Silva looked to have been seriously injured on Sunday when he was caught in the face by West Ham's Cheikhou Kouyate.
Aston Villa and Reading charged over FA Cup crowd disturbances. Aston Villa have been charged by the Football Association in relation to crowd disturbances occurring after their FA Cup quarter-final matches. Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge.
Man City news: David Silva injury update. Manchester City will assess in the next few days whether playmaker David Silva has a chance of playing at the weekend. Tests have confirmed the Spain international suffered no fractures after being caught in the face by an elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr's sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols impersonation of Manny Pacquiao is less than complimentary. The Filipino meets undefeated Mayweather in a $300million mega-fight that has been branded 'the biggest bout in boxing history' at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp across social media.
Tomas Berdych beats Monfils 6-1, 6-4 to reach Monte Carlo Masters final. Sixth-seeded Tomas Berdych overwhelmed Gael Monfis 6-1, 6 4 Saturday to reach the final of the Monte Carlo Masters for the first time.
Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer after boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France. The only exception will be Treve, who will continue to be partnered by veteran Thierry Jarnet.
Saracens must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the Aviva Premiership after coming up short against Clermont. Sarries flanker Maro Itojie secures a loose ball on the deck during a tight first half of action. Sarries No 8 Billy Vunipola makes a strong run as Marcelo Bosch tries to halt his progress.
Saracens v Clermont Auvergne: Mark McCall wants warriors. There can be no doubt that the bone-jarring collisions we see on Saturday will be far more substantial than the flick from David Beckham's right boot which led to Diego Simeone collapsing in apparent agony on the same pitch 17 years ago. This mouth-watering repeat of last year's European Cup semi-final in Saint-Etienne's famous Stade Geoffrey-Guichard will be no place for faint-hearted souls like Argentina's 1998 World Cup captain.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month, likely to take place in Lahore and Karachi. No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in March 2009 - when six policemen and two civilians died, and several of the tourists were injured.
West Indies confirm Bishoo will play against England. England are set to face trial by leg-spin after West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed that leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo will play on Tuesday. His record over 11 caps is modest, with 40 wickets at 39.55, but the 29-year-old comes into the game in place of the dropped Sulieman Benn.
Mike Gatting: Kevin Pietersen should not walk straight back into England squad. Former England captain Mike Gatting believes Kevin Pietersen should not walk straight back into the international set-up, even if he piles on the runs for Surrey this season. Pietersen has returned to the LV= County Championship in a bid to stake a claim for an England recall, although the 34-year-old only managed 19 runs against Glamorgan on Sunday.
Alastair Cook still has the full support of his coach, team-mates and selectors and is unbeaten in four Tests. But his hopes of remaining England captain in the Ashes this summer hinge on what is going on back home.
Stephen Curry scores 34 points as Golden State Warriors roll past New Orleans Pelicans in Game One of first-round playoff series. Point guard Stephen Curry nearly single-handedly outscored New Orleans with 11 first-quarter points as the Warriors built a 15-point lead and rolled to victory. Stephen Curry scored a stunning 34 points for the Warriors in there play-off game. The point guard has been in spectacular form as he looks to lead the Warriors to the NBA glory.
Barry Hearn rubbishes rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave Sheffield. World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has rubbished rumours the Betfred World Championship will leave its spiritual home of Sheffield. This year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament at the Crucible Theatre, and there is interest from China in hosting the event.
Charlotte Dujardin wins Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas. British world dressage champion Charlotte du Jardin, 29, and her horse Valegro, who won the world title in Lyon last year, recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward Gal with American Steffen Peters in third. Her score was short of the 87.129 she recorded in breaking her own world record last year.
Scott Sinclair wants to sign permanently for Aston Villa at the end of the season. The winger is on loan from Manchester City but can be bought for £2.5million in the summer. The 26-year-old, who has scored three goals in 10 games for Villa, said: 'I feel at home at Villa.
Danny Ings insists he is aiming to play and develop wherever he ends up next season. The Burnley striker's future has been the subject of considerable speculation with the 22-year-old also linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and Real Sociedad.
Fernando Torres has played with some great players over the years but the on-loan Atletico Madrid striker regards Steven Gerrard as the best. The 31-year-old has struggled for form since leaving the club and has only scored four goals for Atletico.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped after a fallout with Newcastle head coach John Carver – and is now set to be released at the end of the season. The Argentinian – who has twice beaten testicular cancer – was not even named among the substitutes for Sunday’s 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs.
QPR fans Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack jailed for affray. Four Queens Park Rangers supporters have been jailed for football-related disorder following an incident with Burnley fans last year. The unsavoury scenes occurred on February 1, 2014 following a 3-3 draw.
Sam Gallagher puts injury-hit season behind him by inspiring Southampton to Under-21 Premier League Cup glory. Sam Gallagher put an injury hit season behind his by scoring the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 on Monday. The 19-year-old striker has not even been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of Koeman, although he gave the Saints boss a nudge in some style.
Jer Jermain Defoe enjoys a game of basketball. It may be a difficult time for the England striker on the pitch but the England forward seemed in good spirits off it.
Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has serious concerns over the strength of his players ahead of their relegation run-in. Dick Advocat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager but admits he is worried about that record having watched Sunderland slump to a 4-1 defeat at home to Crystal Palace on Saturday. Next up is a trip to Stoke City and the Dutch boss fears his team lacks the muscle for such a test.
Sunderland 4-4 Crystal Palace: Dick Advocaat is worried. Thierry Henry said the Stadium of Light was the noisiest atmosphere he had ever experienced during Sunderland’s derby win over Newcastle. Six days later, silence reigned.
Nelson Oliveira is determined to take his Swansea chance presented to him by the absence of the in-form Bafetimbi Gomis. The 23-year-old has found it tough to make an impression in south Wales but he is set to make his second Barclays Premier League start at bottom club Leicester on Saturday.
Dele Dele Alli has set his sights on the Toulon Tournament with England Under 20s as he aims to cap a season that will live long in his memory. The 19-year-old's impressive performances for MK Dons earned him a dream move to the Premier League with Tottenham Hotspur in a £5million deal rubber-stamped in January.
Pep Guardiola's trousers lead front pages in Germany. Pep Guardiola went into Bayern Munich's Champions League second-leg against Porto under intensifying pressure after a 3-1 defeat in the first encounter. His side responded ruthlessly, obliterating Porto - and Guardiola's doubters - with a relentless attacking display.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter: 'Nothing will stop Russia hosting the best World Cup in history'. Nothing will stop the World Cup from being held in Russia in 2018, says FIFA president Blatter on a visit to one of the host venues in Sochi on Monday. FIFA boss Sepp said the 2018 World Cup will be his 10th after more than 40 years working for football's world governing body and he expected the finals to be a 'wonderful' event. 'Everything is going to plan and nothing will get in the way.'
Manchester City check on Porto duo Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro. Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain checked on both players on Tuesday night. City are also keen admirers of Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress under Mauricio Pochettino this season. Former QPR manager says that Tottenham manager has been rescued by the kids this season. Spurs are almost certain to miss out on Champions League football again.
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is convinced there is more to come from Harry Kane after seeing him plunder his 30th goal of the season. Kane became the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side's 3-1 Barclays Premier League victory at Newcastle.
Aston Villa are chasing Cordoba striker Florin Andone. The 22-year-old Romanian has scored six goals in 16 games for the struggling Spanish side.
Mark Halsey slams FA's decision to put Jon Moss in charge of FA Cup final instead of Mark Clattenburg. Former Premier League referee Mark Halsey has slammed the FA’s decision to put Jon Moss in charge of the FA Cup final instead of Mark Clattenburg. He said the English game would be a ‘laughing stock’ over the decision.
Martin Odegaard's week got worse when Real Madrid's 16-year-old wonderkid who cost £2.3million was refused a rating by Spanish newspaper AS for his performance for the club's B-team Castilla. The Norway international was dropped previously by manager Zinedine Zidane, and was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano with the second team a goal down.
Martin Odegaard dropped from Real Madrid's B-team Castilla. Real Madrid’s £2.3m, 16-year-old wonderkid has been dropped from the club's B team Castilla because results drastically improve when he is not on the pitch. He was never going to be asked to play another year of Spanish third division football.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo returns to Real Madrid training. Real Madrid's international stars were reunited on Wednesday as they took part in their first training session since losing El Clasico to fierce rivals Barcelona.
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood offers encouragement to six-year-old fan he beat to the job. Charlie Pye, from Leamington Spa, applied for the Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked in February. Sherwood wrote Charlie a letter congratulating him on his credentials.
Aston Villa's Carles N'Zogbia wears gilet to training. Tim Sherwood's penchant for a gilet has put the Aston Villa boss' sense of fashion in the spotlight and it isn't hard to imagine what he thought about Charles N'zogbia's choice of attire on Tuesday. The Villa wide man turned up for training at the club's Bodymoor Heath complex wearing an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo.
Per Mertesacker insists Arsenal will not allow themselves to become complacent in FA Cup semi-final against Reading. Arsenal's stars were put through their paces ahead of the short trip from north London to Wembley Stadium on Friday. Mesut Ozil and Mathieu Flamini acknowledge each other during the Arsenal training session.
Sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every fixture as it breaks. Simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club's fixture
Per Mertesacker backs Jurgen Klopp to make his mark in the Premier League. Arsenal defender Per Mperesacker has tipped compatriot Jurgens Klopp to continue his career in England. Klopp announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at Borussia Dortmund when the current season draws to a close.
David Seaman says this save against Sheffield United was the best one he ever made during his career. It was 12 years ago that Seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history. The 51-year-old revealed to the Daily Mirror, that the save was one of his best.
Oscar says he is happy at Chelsea and won't be leaving Stamford Bridge in the summer. There have been suggestions that the 23-year-old could be offloaded by Jose Mourinho having not completed a full 90 minutes since January.
Joe Calzaghe enjoys a holiday in Barbados with girlfriend Lucy. It might be seven years since he retired but Joe Calzaghe showed he is still fighting fit as he enjoyed a holiday in Barbados. The former undisputed super-middleweight champion of the world frolicked with his girlfriend Lucy on the beach this week.
Floyd Mayweather lacks class and does not act in the manner befitting a champion, according to Marvin Hagler. Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth.
Manny Pacquiao releases own music video. World title-winning boxer, politician, actor, singer... and now music video director.
Louis van Gaal wants Danny Ings to form a central part of his Manchester United rebuilding this summer. High-placed sources at Old Trafford have confirmed their interest in a player who is also being strongly pursued by fierce rivals Liverpool.
Radamel Falcao's former Monaco team-mate Nabil Dirar believes the Colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to Manchester United. The former Atletico Madrid striker moved to Old Trafford on a season-long loan last summer.
Phil Taylor suffers fourth Premier League defeat. Phil Taylor suffered his fourth loss of the Premier League season with defeat to Dave Chisnall in a dramatic night of darts.
Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld head into Premier League Darts ninth leg at Old Trafford. Dutch darts duo Michael Van Gerwen (left) and Raymond Van Burenveld's current form couldn't be further apart as they head into the ninth leg in Manchester on Thursday. The pair posed with compatriots Manchester United stars Daley Blind and Robin van Persie on Wednesday.
Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities after the Liverpool youngster hit the headlines for the wrong reasons before scoring the opener in a 2-0 win over Newcastle United. Sterling, who is unwilling to sign a new contract at Anfield, has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide, also known as 'hippy crack', and on Sunday was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe.
Ian Bell and Root rescue England. Ian Bell, with his 22nd Test century, Joe Root and, thrillingly, the rejuvenated Ben Stokes had restored order in this crucial first Test.
Australian newspapers pay tribute to Richie Benaud. The front pages of Saturday's Australian newspapers featured moving tributes to Richie Benaud, the former Australia captain and iconic cricket commentator, who has died aged 84. The Daily Telegraph in Australia had a special tribute edition with the headline 'A marvellous innings' next to a striking image of Benaud during the 1961 Ashes series.
Adam Adam Federici lay inert on the turf for a moment. He understood the horror of it instantly.
John Carver calls on Alan Shearer and Alan Pardew for advice as Newcastle fans protest against Ashley. Supporters are planning to boycott today’s game at home to Spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from owner Mike Ashley. Carver has called on the advice and support of former Newcastle managers.
Newcastle United fans boycott Tottenham Hotspur match in protest at Mike Ashley. Thousands of Newcastle United supporters stayed away from Sunday’s home match against Spurs in protest of owner Mike Ashley's running of the club. Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game.
Manchester City 2-0 West Ham: Chris Wheeler rates the players' performances. Manchester City bounced back from their recent 4-2 derby defeat by easing to victory against West Ham. An own goal by James Collins and Sergio Aguero's 20th Barclays Premier League strike of the season was enough to give City the three points.
Rafa Benitez is a good manager and deserves his chance in the Premier League again. Rafa is set to leave Napoli this summer and will have a host of clubs after his services. He knows English football inside out and would actually be perfect for several clubs. Manchester City is one possible destination - he'd probably do a similar interim job there while they wait for Pep Guardiola - and Newcastle is another.
Winston Reid says West Ham no longer suffer from the fear factor that came with facing Manchester City as they prepare to visit the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. City had won their last five games against West Ham – by an aggregate score of 14-1 – before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October.
Yaya Toure's agent calls Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager' and criticises Manchester City's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain. The agent of Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toussaint Toure has called Manuel Pelsrini, his manager, 'weak' in a scathing attack. Toure, whose relationship with the club came under strain last summer, has been linked with a move away this summer, with Mancini making clear his interest in signing the 31-year-old for Inter Milan. Seluk said that it was
Jose Mourinho: I don't care about stats. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho said he was unfazed by his side's staggeringly low possession stat during the 1-0 win over Manchester United.
Carlo Ancelotti to remain at Real Madrid next season. Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti has moved to deny rumours he is about to leave the Santiago Bernabeu this summer, telling the Spanish media he sees himself remaining in charge of the 10-time European champions next year.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes has dismissed the latest reports linking Asmir Begovic with a move away from the Britannia Stadium. There has been fresh talk this week of Real Madrid being interested in the goalkeeper.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo presented with special shirt by Real Madrid president Florentino Perez. Ronaldo only needed 288 games to score 300 goals for Real Madrid and he has been presented with a special shirt to mark his achievements.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight against Floyd Mayweather Jnr was abruptly cancelled on Monday. The Filipino, pictured during last week's media day, could only answer one question due to technical issues.
Barcelona 3-0 Paris Saint-Germain: Luis Suarez scores his second goal, sending PSG keeper Salvatore Sirigu the wrong way. If there ever was a battle of egos at Barcelona, it is over and football has won. By ADAM CRAFTON. He could have put it anywhere really.
Lionel Messi has a place at Barcelona until 'he decides to retire', claim club president. Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has told Lionel Messi that he would like the Argentine star to stay with the club until he retires.
Neymar kneeing Luis Suarez in training. Earlier this week Barcelona striker Luis Suarez admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Neymar when he joined the club. And if antics in training are anything to go by the former Liverpool striker has every right to be a little worried.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu insists club have no plans to replace Luis Enrique. Barcelona president says the club are'very happy' with Luis Enrique's performance. The 44-year-old took only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year deal.
Monacoian vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims Manchester United bosses have yet to decide whether they will sign Radamel Falcao on a permanent deal in the summer. The 25-year-old Colombia international has scored just four goals in 25 appearances for the Red Devils this season.
Leonardo Jardim believes Monaco's march to the Champions League quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve European success. Four years have passed since Dmitry Rybolovlev's takeover prompted a slew of big-name arrivals at the Stade Louis II, with the likes of James Rodriguez and Joao Moutinho signed for hefty transfer fees.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' after a fumble from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici handed them a 2-1 extra-time victory and a place in the FA Cup final. The Gunners will head back to Wembley on May 30 aiming to.
FloydMayweather has taken a very public swipe at his 'haters' ahead of his fight-of-the-century bout with Manny Pacquiao next month. The 38-year-old boxer has shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches, fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash on his Instagram account. The 15-second video shot by director James 'JP' Dayap, a proud member of The Money Team brand owned by Mayweather, hits out at his supposed haters.
Jordan Henderson's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020. Jordan Henderson has provided Liverpool with a lift after their FA Cup heartache by agreeing a new long-term contract.
Rafa Benitez admits Chelsea tried to sign Andre Schurrle before Wolfsburg move. The Napoli manager, who won the Europa League as Blues boss in 2013, will see his side line up against the German outfit in the quarter-finals of the competition on Thursday. The Italian boss has admitted he tried to raid former club Chelsea to sign the midfielder before he joined Wolfsburg in January.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history. Of the 189 Premier League matches the Portuguese has overseen, he has an astounding 101 clean sheets, nullifying his rivals in 53.4 per cent of games.
Werder Bremen beat Hamburg SV 1-0 to keep Europa League hopes alive. Argentine Di Santo converted his spot-kick for his 13th goal of the season after Hamburg's Valon Behrami had brought down Zlatko Junuzovic and was sent off as new Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia made a losing return to their bench.
Simon Mignolet backs Divock Origi to be a success at Liverpool. The 19-year-old joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup.
Atletico Madrid in talks to sign Paulo Dybala, Barcelona favourites to win the Champions League. Atletico are meeting with representatives of Palermo over the signing of Argentine forward Paulo Yebala, according to reports in Spain. Dybarella, whom the Serie A club value at £29m, has also been linked with Arsenal and Chelsea.
Juventus have made a move for Paulo Dybala, the Palermo striker who has caught the eye of Manchester United and Arsenal, according to reports in Italy. Gazzetta dello Sport report that, with speculation Carlos Tevez could be eyeing a return to Argentina with Boca Juniors, the Serie A side have tabled an offer of 25million euros (£18m) for the 21-year-old.
Manchester City have 'let themselves down' this season and the squad have had 'a lot of honest conversations' since the 4-2 defeat at Manchester United nine days ago, says England goalkeeper Joe Hart. The Premier League champions have had a disappointing campaign under manager Manuel Pellegrini and are down in fourth position, 12 points behind runaway leaders Chelsea.
AP McCoy lands second win of his last Aintree meeting thanks to trainer he will be praying doesn’t win Crabbie’s Grand National. AP McCoy won on board Elliott's Don Cossack, who took apart a strong Melling Chase field with a 26-length defeat of Cue Card. Irishman Gordon Elliott trains Cause of Causes.
Anderson Silva to meet with Brazilian taekwondo officials in hope of competing in 2016 Olympics. Mixed martial arts fighter Anderson Silva will meet next week with Brazilian officials to discuss competing in next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, despite facing a possible doping ban. Silva this week expressed his desire to represent Brazil in the 2016 Games.
Andy Flower will not be interfering in any way with the work of the next director of England cricket. The England Cricket Board gave Flower the confusing title of technical director of elite coaching.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quits after Porto defeat. Bayern Munich's medical department has been blamed for Wednesday night's 3-1 first-leg defeat in Portugal which left their Champions League hopes hanging by a thread. The 72-year-old medical professional, renowned as a world leader in his field, has quit.
Jessica Ennis-Hill admits juggling motherhood with her Olympic aspirations poses a big challenge. 'This is the hardest challenge ever.'
Jessica Ennis-Hill has begun communication with the IAAF in the aim of being rewarded with World Championship gold from 2011 after champion Tatyana Chernova was exposed as a drug cheat. The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011 – just 16 days before she beat Ennis by 129 points in Daegu, South Korea.
Eugene wins rights to host 2021 IAAF World Championships. The city of Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships. The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council, who decided to bypass the usual bidding process because of what it saw as a 'unique strategic opportunity to host the IAAF World Championships for the first time in the USA'..
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay. PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for Holland international Depay as have Paris St Germain but Liverpool have also spoken to the player's representatives.
Ander Herrera plays down comparisons with Paul Scholes. The stylish Spaniard has been hailed as the one player who could take over Scholes' mantle of creating and scoring goals from midfield but modest Herrera has been quick to distance himself from the former England international. Herrera, 25, took part in one of Manchester United Foundation's Dream Days on Monday.
When Jessica Carey drove more than three hours to Washington to see her grandmother, the elderly lady didn't realise she was in store for two surprises. As Jessica walked through the door, she revealed she had had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm. Patty's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative, showing her overcome with emotion at the artwork.
Carlo Ancelotti insists Real Madrid can cope without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema against Atletico Madrid. Real Madrid manager Carlo Acelotti is adamant his side can cope with the absence of key trio of players when they face city rivals Atletico on Wednesday night. The two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on April 14.
Atletico Madrid striker Mario Mandzukic is still bruised from a physical Champions League quarter-final first leg against Real Madrid but is expected to be fit for the return at the Bernabeu on Wednesday, said coach Diego Simeone. The Croatian suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by Sergio Ramos and fellow Real defender Dani Carvajal punched him in the stomach during the clash at the Calderon that ended 0-0.
Real Madrid train ahead of Atletico Madrid clash. Cristiano Ronaldo and Co looked in a relaxed mood as Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti put his side through some small-sided games with some seemingly comical results. Dani Carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates Sergio Ramos, Isco and Nacho as the Madrid stars play-fought much to the amusement.
Traveler goes on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest...but he missed the whole thing being asleep!. Travelling can be tiring, especially if there are many flights involved and jet lag. However for one sleepy explorer, a trip to the Amazon Rainforest seemed to be all too much.
Puppy falls asleep while being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards. Feeling sleepy at your desk? Well, this docile dog could just sum up how you feel. Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being pro-pped up.
Labour Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the Tories in Edinburgh. The match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his fight against the terminal condition.
Adam Johnson charged with sexual activity with underage girl. Just over a year ago, Adam Johnson sat in a room with journalists at the Stadium of Light and talked about England and the forthcoming World Cup. He wasn’t sharing his opinion as a former international, but as one who genuinely hoped his exile was about to come to a deserved end. Johnson — scorer of seven goals in as many matches for Sunderland —believed he was worthy of a recall.
Disabled supporters say they are 'disgusted' with the club after they hiked prices of some season tickets by £345 to £975. They claim the Premier League champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the Etihad Stadium as part of a wide-ranging re-seating plan.
Aston Villa may be able to sign Cordoba striker Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million. The Spanish side are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds.
Josh Meekings cleared to play in Scottish Cup Final after SFA panel dismisses charge of deliberate handball. In the aftermath of the Highlanders’ 3-2 extra-time win, the Englishman admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been sent off by referee Steven McLean for stopping Leigh Griffiths’ net-bound effort on his goal-line. But a three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge - leaving the player free to face Falkirk at Hampden on May 30.
Ronald Koeman calls for Southampton players to show maturity, nous and respect after Victor Wanyama's future came under question. This weekend brings with it arguably Saints' biggest match of the season, with the visit of Tottenham likely to be key in the fight for European qualification. Mauricio Pochettino's first return to St Mary's adds extra spice to a match, ahead of which his successor felt the need to hold a team meeting to refocus his players'.
Football family rallies round Blackpool pensioner Frank Knight. Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the Championship's basement club, having to pay a staggering £20,000 in damages. Supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to £15,000.
Carlos Tevez leads the front pages of Italy's football coverage after leading Juventus to victory over Lazio. Juventus moved 15 points clear of Lazio atop Serie A with a 2-0 win against them on Saturday and the Italian media were quick to lavish praise upon Tevez. Tevez drove Juve into the lead in the 17th minute against Lazio, who went into the game on the back of eight consecutive wins.
Daniel Sturridge left in stitches by Darren Farley's impersonation of Michael Owen. Ahead of the Reds' FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday, the England international met up with comedian Farley as part of an exclusive promotional video to showcase the TV coverage of the match by BT Sport. Farley specialises in mimicking a number of Anfield stars both past and present.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi go head-to-head in Champions League race as Luiz Adriano threatens to spoil party. Both Barcelona and Real Madrid booked their spots in the semi-finals this week with victories over Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid respectively. The planet's best footballers have scored eight times in Europe this season. But Shakhtar Donetsk’s Adriano has netted on nine occasions this term.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique in Champions League semi-finals. Manchester United have fought all season to try to secure a return to the Champions League, but six players shown the exit door at Old Trafford are in the competition's final four. Last season's disastrous campaign under David Moyes saw United miss out on Europe's premier competition for the first time in 19 years, with Patrice Evra and Javier Hernandez members of the failing squad.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against Manchester United specifically to stop Marouane Fellaini from continuing his good form at Stamford Bridge, according to Jose Mourinho. The big Belgian has shone under Louis van Gaal in recent weeks but he endured an evening to forget as the 20-year-old man-marked him superbly during the Blues' 1-0 victory.
Zidane: Eden Hazard excites me more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. Zinedine Zidabe has sparked a potential transfer battle with Chelsea after claiming that Eden Hazard is more exciting to watch. Hazard has been a major factor in Chelsea’s impending Premier League title victory this season.
John Hughes: I was ready to walk away from Inverness. John Hughes has revealed how he came within a heartbeat of stepping down from his job as the Josh Meekings controversy went into overdrive this week. The Caley Thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium, a 40,000-seater ground built in 'the gateway to the desert' and featuring air conditioning for the comfort of players and fans. The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern.
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at the home of Manchester United for the last football match to be played in England for four, long years. The presence of so many soldiers on the steep terraces led the 1915 showpiece to be christened the Khaki Cup Final. On Friday, the anniversary is being marked in Manchester by the National Football Museum whose exhibition The Greater Game: Football & The First World War tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of Allied troops were killed in a deadly German chlorine gas attack near Ypres, Belgium. Some claimed the final, won
Oscar hopes that winning the Premier League can kick-start a period of dominance in English football for the Blues. Jose Mourinho's side are 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal, who they play at the weekend, and Brazil international Oscar has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons.
Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. Literally. Atop Miss Royale as it tore down the home straight.
'butterfly skin'. Born with Epidermolysis Bullosa, Jonathan is covered with deep blistering wounds that won't heal. He must be bathed and bandaged every day.
'vampire girl' pranks late-night walkers in Odessa, Ukraine. A prank video featuring a young girls dressed up as a vampire in a park in southern Ukraine is spreading on social media. The video, filmed in Moon Park, Odessa sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the girl preys on unsuspecting passers-by. She waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror.
Mil Mila Kunis to counter-sue woman who is suing her for stealing her chicken. On Wednesday the story broke that the 31-year-old was being sued for $5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend.
Henderson has committed his long-term future to the club convinced he can win silverware at Anfield. Late in the summer of 2012, just a couple of months into the reign of Brendan Rodgers, he was lined up as makeweight.
Mother of Aaron Hernandez reveals bond with Odin Lloyd's mother. Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction. 'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said.
Shocking video shows mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform. The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads.
San Bernardino County approves $650,000 settlement to avoid lawsuit by man beaten by deputies after horse chase. A California county on Tuesday approved paying a $650k settlement to Francis Pusok after his beating by deputies was captured on video. San Bernardino County spokesman David Wert said county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old Francis Pusok in a closed meeting. Wert says the agreement would settle all potential claims.
Lucious Lyon's mansion in Barrington, Illinois. The enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. It took five years to build the enormous mansion, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008. This lengthy building period was partly due to the huge amount of custom woodwork and ornamentation.
Two men have died after being crushed by timber that fell on top of them inside a shipping container. Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday where they worked to release three men.
Who's guilty of worshipping at the altar of super-tight slacks?.
Little girl gives Michelle Obama a big hug after complimenting her on her age. A little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age and when Obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just couldn't believe it. 'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama.
Boy, 3, uses his cat's belly as a pillow. Forget a feather down pillow - this boy would rather use his cat’s belly as the place to rest his head. California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest.
Seal or sea lion pup snatched from LA beach. Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach, just west of the city's international airport, said Los Angeles Police Officer Rosario Herrera. The initial police report said the animal was a small seal. Marine Animal Rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it.
Israel is developing a system to accurately detect tunnelling activity, it has been revealed. The 'first of its kind' equipment, developed by Elbit Systems working with the Israeli Ministry of Defense, will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors. These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms'.
Spartak Moscow have been fined and their fans barred from two away games after the club lost its appeal against sanctions for a racist banner. The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed 'a banner of discriminatory content with a racist symbol,' specifically a Celtic cross, typically used in Russia as a symbol for white supremacist groups.
Girl, 9, attacked by lion that was being walked like a dog by circus entertainers in Siberian village. A nine-year-old girl was attacked by a lion in Namtsy, in the Sakha Republic in Siberia - one of the coldest regions in the world. Photographs show the lion being walked around by a worker for a circus that had been visiting the village. The girl was walking home from music school with her mother when she was attacked.
Tank Tank rear ends truck in China. When pretty much any vehicle is rear ended by a tank...there is only going to be one outcome - and a very costly insurance bill.And that's exactly what happened when this poor truck driver had a nasty prang with the huge armoured vehicle during rush hour in Changchun city, China, on Thursday April 16.The dramatic collision is being dubbed the 'craziest rear-end collision in the country', reports the People's Daily Online.Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter, and quickly went viral.According to eyewitnesses
Brendan Rodgers has come out fighting after suffering Wembley disappointment and insisted he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season. Another trophyless season is nearing an end after losing to Aston Villa but Rodgers said: 'I don't think there is anyone better.
Mar Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer of the ball he has faced during his professional career. The Belgian put to one side Manchester United's rivalry with their north-west rivals to heap praise on the Reds captain for his range of passing in an interview for manutd.com.
Ronald Koeman is looking forward to this weekend's'special' match against Tottenham, ahead of which the Southampton manager praised the 'great job' predecessor Mauricio Pochettino did at St Mary's. The former Argentina defender ended a 16-month stint on the south coast last summer.
HarryHarry Kane has informed England he wants to play for his country in the European U21 Championships. Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the Czech Republic.
Kyle Kyle Walker faces another four weeks on the sidelines after picking up an injury against Burnley earlier this month. Scans showed the England international had not broken his foot but, following a further examination, Tottenham confirmed he faces another month out of action.
Andrea Dossena, the defender Liverpool once paid £7million for, will face no further action after he was accused of shoplifting in Harrods. The 33-year-old hit headlines around the world when he was arrested at the Knightsbridge store on April 7.
Liverpool are showing interest in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile. The Italy international has not had the best of times in the Bundesliga.
Jordon Ibe poised to sign new five-year Liverpool contract. The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020. Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County.
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward. Rodgers' future at Anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy.
Aston Villa Cup hero Jack Grealish has become the latest young Barclays Premier League star to be accused of getting high on 'hippy crack'. The 19-year-old midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide — more commonly known as laughing gas.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers. Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick.
Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan as they look to freshen up their forward options. But PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi said the French champions were determined to hold on to the 28-year-old and have not even considered selling him.
Tottenham target Julian Weigl. Tottenham are chasing highly-rated German midfielder Julian Weigl. The 19-year-old has been earning rave reviews in Germany's second division playing for 1860 Munich and has a buy-out clause of £2.5million.
Nike has been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag. The latest design, which will be worn by the women's team at this summer's World Cup, features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament.
Trucker launches foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after M6 crash. In footage shot from a dashboard camera on Sunday, the trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. Eventually the caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road.
Father-of-two Paul Doyle, 56, moved his family into an £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire, despite having never worked and living life 'on tick' and incapacity handouts. Doyle - described as a 'well-known and colourful character' in his native Salford - put down a £200,000 deposit and obtained a £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife Jeanette, 49, worked as a company executive.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification after Victor Wanyama's future came under question. Just a point and a place separate Saints from Spurs in sixth, although this season's surprise success has brought with it speculation that players will exit much like last summer.
Sir Sir Alex Ferguson: I don’t have obsessions now. Sir Alex has instead chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes.
PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart has renewed his call for member clubs to put the genie back in the bottle. The seeds of the Josh Meekings furore were planted during an otherwise unremarkable match between Hibernian and Dundee in the early weeks of 2013. Easter Road striker Gary Deegan caught Dens defender Gary Irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge.
Q QPR manager Chris Ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to Loftus Road - whether Rangers are relegated or not. Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February but four points from games against Aston Villa and West Brom, and a narrow defeat to Chelsea, have revived hopes of survival.
Virgil van Dijk: I put the ref in a position in Milan to give me a red card and that's what I have to learn from. Celtic centre back Virgil Van Dijk believed he had sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against Inter Milan. Events at Hampden on Sunday forced him to revise his opinion.
Chris Chris Ramsey vows to stay at QPR. Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to QPR – insisting he will remain at the club for as long as they want him.
John Carver says he and Jonas Gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on from the training-ground bust-up which saw the player dropped for Sunday’s defeat by Spurs. As reported by Sportsmail, the pair were involved in a disagreement last week.
Manny Pacquiao says he has to fight Floyd Mayweather like it is the last of his life when he touches gloves with the undefeated American in the $300m bout on May 2. The Filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight, which has been billed as the biggest sporting event in history with two of the best pound-for-pound fighters of all time facing off.
Justin Rose is back training and was pictured using his state-of-the-art £30,000 indoor simulator. The simulator gives the opportunity to practice in HD and includes such wind conditions to elevation levels, as it lets players practice their games inside their own homes, with incredible accuracy.
Lewis Hamilton beats Nico Rosberg in Bahrain second practice. A small mistake from Lewis Hamilton allowed Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosingham to gain the upper hand in second practice for the Bahrain Grand Prix. To some extent the duo took it easy in FP1 as the team focused on a particular plan.
Lewis Hamilton, Nico Rosberg and Kimi Raikkonen dominate Bahrain practice session. Mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg found themselves in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet at the end of the first practice session for the Bahrain Grand Prix while Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time. But there was no alarm as Mercedes focused on a particular plan, with the 90-minute session at the Bahrain International Circuit hardly representative of what all the drivers will face in qualifying and the race.
Belardo looks more likely to head to French 2,000 Guineas rather than the British equivalent at Newmarket on May 2. Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo after the 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday’s Greenham Stakes.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar. In this sort of form, those who suggested his best days were well behind him will.
AP McCoy's last chance of a National winner before he retires has evaporated after Benvolio, his intended mount in this afternoon's Coral Scottish National at Ayr was withdrawn. McCoy will bring an end to his two-decade domination of jump racing after he rides at Sandown a week today.
Aaron Cruden is almost certain to miss the World Cup after scans revealed the need for knee surgery. The 26-year-old Waikato Chiefs fly-half received grim confirmation on Monday that he has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and will be out for six months.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall lauds young guns after latest European heartache. Sarracens director Mark McCalls lauded his young guns in vain before declaring he has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-World Cup transfer market. McCall watched his side, which contained five English-qualified forwards in the starting pack, lose 13-9 to Clermont.
Gloucester winger Jonny May is hoping to get over being dropped by England with victory in next month’s Challenge Cup final. After beating Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie, the Cherry and Whites now face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1.
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack. England had a good day on Tuesday at the start of this second Test in conditions that suited them. If they go on to bat themselves into a strong position, they can look at it in one of two ways.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test as England strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing. First the Durham all-rounder injured himself, then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl.
Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in England. Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour, but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up – and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets.
Mohammad Hafeez cleared to bowl in international cricket. Pakistan all-rounder Mohammad Hafeez is free to resume bowling in international cricket after remedial work and a re-test on his action. Off-spinner Hafeez, 34, was banned.
England cricket England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session of the second Test in Grenada but the under-pressure visitors has a major stroke of fortune. After James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over, Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind.
Sir Bradley Wiggins to ride for Team Wiggins in inaugural Tour de Yorkshire next month. The four-time Olympic champion, who left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12, will ride for his eponymous team in the May 1 to 3 race, organisers have announced. Wiggins, the 2012 Tour de France winner, was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race when it began in Yorkshire.
Ky Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut and LeBron James added 20 in his first post-season game with Cleveland in five years as the Cavaliers opened a run towards a NBA title with a 113-100 victory over the Boston Celtics on Sunday. Irving made five three-pointers and.
Graeme Dott fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning snooker’s Betfred World Championship. The 37-year-old, a qualifier this year, survived a series of twitches.
West Brom 2-1 Crystal Palace: Tony Pulis returns to Selhurst Park for first time since leaving Palace. Alan Pardew tried new ideas on the pitch to outwit Pulis but an early goal from James Morrison and stunner from Craig Gardner meant he could not deliver a satisfying result against the man who left Palace two days before this season kicked off. Despite the timing of his departure, however, there was very little bad blood between Palace’s fans and Pulis who was roundly applauded.
Leighton Baines reveals he doesn't listen to Ed Sheeran, Meghan Trainor and Avicii. The Everton defender, who is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' front-man Alex Turner, regularly attends gigs and also plays the guitar. But in an interview with Match of the Day magazine, the England international has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which don't feature on his own iPod.
Graziano Pelle celebrates after scoring his first Premier League goal since December. Steve Bruce was at least able to crack a joke after his side were left dangling precariously in the Barclays Premier League following defeat to Southampton. Although that was not the only thing cracked in this game.
Southampton target Tonny Vilhena wants to quit Feyenoord this summer. Ronald Koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in January and is keen to bring him to St Mary's.
Stoke City 2-1 Southampton: Charlie Adam scores late winner as Mark Hughes claims Tom Jones is stopping his side from qualifying for Europe. Charlie Adam scored a late winner to earn all three points at home to Ronald Koeman’s Southampton. Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones's hit Delilah is causing his side to be marked down in UEFA's Fair Play League because of its violent theme.
Sunderland are trailing former Wigan striker Franco di Santo. The Argentine is playing for Werder Bremen and has scored 13 goals in 22 games this season.
West Brom 2-0 Crystal Palace: Tony Pulis insists he will never change. The 57-year-old's gritty, resilient playing style is well reflected in the touchline attire he insists on wearing at every game; cap, track suit and shiny white trainers. James Morrison headed in within two minutes and Craig Gardner added a stunning 30-yard strike.
Walter Smith hails Stuart McCall's impact at Rangers but maintains Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding. Former Rangers manager Walter Smith has praised McCall for making an impact at Ibrox - but he maintains Ally McCoist was not given a chance to succeed. McCall has put Rangers in the driving seat for second place in the Scottish Championship after taking over from reluctant caretaker Kenny McDowall.
Andres Iniesta unhappy with his form for Barcelona this season, despite PSG goal. Andres Iniesta concedes that he has been unhappy with the form of his Barcelona team-mates, despite receiving praise for his role in killing off Paris Saint-Germain in the UEFA Champions League this week. The Spaniard played a pivotal part in setting up Neymar for the opening goal in the Catalan club's 2-0 second-leg win.
Brendan Rodgers had his conviction for neglecting a rental property quashed, it has emerged. The Anfield boss was fined at Blackburn Magistrates' Court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington, Lancashire, with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden.
Tim Sherwood has been impressed with the 19-year-old who starred for Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday. But Sherwood wants Grealish to focus on continuing to force his way into the Villa first team.
Per Mertesacker ruled out of Chelsea derby with ankle injury. Per Mperesacker looks set to be ruled out of Arsenal’s derby against Chelsea although the defender has escaped any serious ankle ligament damage. The defender, captain during the long absence of Mikel Arteta, limped off during the second half.
Birmingham City 1-0 Reading. Beaten FA Cup semi-finalists Reading lost again as they were defeated by Birmingham in a scrappy Sky Bet Championship game at the Madejski Stadium on Wednesday night.
Gary Gardner to be assessed by Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood in pre-season training. Gary Gardner has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest and scored a superb free-kick in front of the Villa manager during the defeat to Watford at the City Ground. Sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making up his mind.
Aston Villa goalkeeper Shay Given will keep his place in Aston Villa's side for the FA Cup final against Arsenal - and is putting Brad Guzan under pressure for the No 1 jersey in the Premier League. Guzan was said to be hurting after missing out on the semi-final victory over Liverpool, but understood Tim Sherwood's decision to keep faith in the competition with the Republic of Ireland goalkeeper.
Tim Sherwood wants to make Swindon Town midfielder Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings. Sherwood sent Luongo, an Australian international, to the County Ground on loan during his spell as development director at White Hart Lane.
Micky Adams becomes 42nd manager to be sacked this season. English football is hurtling towards what promises to be a record-breaking campaign for managerial sackings. Forty sackings were recorded by the League Managers’ Association before the end of March.
Blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis forced to wear autographed shirt because club had no spares. The club's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton, and this is just another embarrassing moment in a season to forget for the Tangerines. The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool, who have no kitman, had no others to give the 27-year-old.
Blackpool fans pelted with eggs before Reading game. Furious Blackpool supporters pelted the directors' box and main reception area at Bloomfield Road with a flare, a smoke bomb, fireworks and eggs before their game with Reading. The bottom-of-the-table Seasiders' relegation to League One was sealed.
Blackpool 1-1 Reading: Lee Clark admits club face challenge to win back fans after pre-match protests. Lee Clark admitted Blackpool face a challenge to fight back their stay-away fans after an evening in which their relegation into Sky Bet League One was marked by protests against Karl Oyston. Disgruntled fans vented their anger at their chairman outside of Bloomfield Road.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo would love to play alongside Lionel Messi. Brazil icon Ronaldo has claimed he would relish playing alongside his namesake Cristiano Ronaldo if he had the chance to play in the modern era.
Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta suffers bruised pelvis in Champions League clash with PSG. Iniesta had to be replaced by Xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg at the Parc des Princes after tangling with Javier Pastore. The La Liga leaders did not say how long Iniesta might be sidelined but will be hoping the Spain international is fit for PSG's visit to the Nou Camp on Tuesday for the return leg. Barcelona are two points clear of second-placed Real Madrid, who host Malaga later on Saturday.
Wolves striker Benik Afobe kept their fading promotion hopes alive as his 31st goal of the season salvaged a 1-1 Sky Bet Championship draw against play-off rivals Ipswich at Molineux. Afobe, who scored 19 goals on loan at MK Dons before joining Wolves from Arsenal in January for £2million, pounced after 50 minutes to cancel out a 21st-minute own goal from Richard Stearman.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees. The data, compiled by Football Association Fair Play delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials, show Jose Mourinho's team are the most likely to protest decisions.
Football fans are responsible for thuggish behaviour on trains on a weekly basis, police warn. The warning by British Transport Police (BTP) Chief Constable Paul Crowther came ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem, which has come under scrutiny in recent months following a number of high-profile incidents. The latest figures for this football season show that BTP has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far, including a number with a racial element.
Tim Sherwood showed his softer side during the week when he replied to a letter from six-year-old fan Charlie Pye who had applied for the Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked in February. The Villa youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football, a WWE wrestling figure and some sweets - and Sherwood had some fun on Friday as he revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media.
Daniel Sturridge's season of frustration looks set to continue as he faces a race to be fit to lead Liverpool’s attack at Wembley. The England striker failed to train again on Thursday as Brendan Rodgers stepped up preparations.
Another day at Melwood, another awkward conversation with Brendan Rodgers for Raheem Sterling. This time, rather than a chat about a contract spurned it will be a noxious but legal substance once tried and tested by our own Prince Harry that will be under discussion.
Kevin Pietersen suffered an early-season setback after he was taken off the field during Surrey's match against Oxford University with a minor injury. The Surrey batsman stayed down momentarily before moving gingerly and leaving the field. He did not return after tea.
Gareth Bale has been urged to ignore a return to the Premier League and persevere at Real Madrid by former Wales manager Mark Hughes. The world's most expensive player has endured a difficult second season at the Bernabeu.
Giorgio Chiellini makes his case for football's most obvious foul. Experienced Juventus defender and 76-cap Italy international Giorgio Chiellinis has made his case for football's most obvious foul. Inside the first minute of Juve's Champions League quarter-final second-leg against Monaco on Wednesday night, the 30-year-old centre-half committed a deliberate handball after slipping onto the turf.
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the type of football which would attract Arsenal, Manchester United or City. Sportsmail's columnist insists the style of play Atletico Madrid showed against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu would not impress the three Barclays Premier League giants.
Former Manchester United and Burnley full-back Richard Eckersley training with La Liga side Elche. The 26-year-old is a now free agent after leaving Red Bull Arena.
Emad Sahabi suffers gruesome broken ankle while playing for Al Orubah against Al Shoalah. The match came to halt on 19 minutes when the midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball - much to the horror of his team-mates. It seemed innocuous, as he tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win Dutch title. PSV won the Eredivisie title for the first time in seven years after beating Heeren-veen in the Dutch championship on Saturday. PSV's victory put them on 79 points and beyond the reach of second-placed Ajax Amsterdam, who have lost their title after four successive years as champions.
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 on Saturday, shrugging off a string of absences and their midweek Champions League defeat at Porto to close in on the Bundesliga title. Sebastian Rode scored in the 38th minute and Hoffenheim's Andreas Beck added an own goal in stoppage time as Bayern opened a 13-point lead over second-placed VfL Wolfsburg, in action against Schalke 04 on Sunday, with five matches left.
Derby della Madonnina: Inter 0-0 Milan. Inter owner Erick Thohir had warned both sets of players before the game that the 'eyes of the world' would be fixed on the.
Dortmund 2-0 Paderborn: Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa score as Dortmund return to winning ways. If the Borussia Dortmund players had been shocked by Wednesday's news that manager Jurgen Klopp will quit the club at the end of the season, they showed no sign that it had affected them on Saturday.
Sky Sports pundits agree John Terry's foul on Radamel Falcao was a foul. After Chelsea forward Eden Hazard had scored give his side a 1-0 lead against Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, the Sky Sports punditry team were convinced that there had been a foul in the build-up. Chelsea captain John Terry had come in with a strong challenge from behind on United striker Radamel.
Arsenal 2-1 Reading: Sami Mokbel's player ratings. A fumble from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time handed Arsenal a victory and a place in the FA Cup final. The Royals keeper allowed Alexis Sanchez's low shot to squirm between his legs and over the line on 115 minutes.
Oliver Todd rates the Chelsea players' performances against Manchester United. Chelsea took a giant step towards the Premier League title with a hard-fought 1-0 victory against Man United. Eden Hazard's sublime strike in the 38th minute proved crucial as Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the standings.
Franz Beckenbauer accused Bayern Munich stars of playing as if they had taken'sleeping pills' in their midweek defeat by Porto. The Bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes before losing 3-1.
Daryl Janmaat compares Newcastle's Premier League clash with Swansea to World Cup semi-final. Newcastle host Garry Monk's side at St James' Park on Saturday on a wretched run of form that has seen them contemplate the threat of relegation. The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row.
ChelseaChelsea supporters are being invited to take part in a protest photo aimed at improving the rights and welfare of construction workers building the stadiums for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. The protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm this Saturday ahead of the Blues' evening kick-off against Manchester United. The photo has been organised by the Chelsea Supporters Trust and Playfair Qatar, an organisation raining awareness about the conditions many migrant workers face in the Arab state.
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein wants World Cup to be rotated between continents. FIFA presidential candidate Prince Ali has made a formal rotation of the World Cup between the continents one of the key elements of his manifesto and says he can see a tournament being jointly hosted by several different nations. Prince Ali, a current FIFA vice-president from Jordan, said he could envisage a World Cup being played in different countries - or even in different confederations - in a similar way to Euro 2020.
Nile Ranger has accused the club of 'taking the mick' out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract that it left him wondering how he would fill his fridge with food. The former Newcastle forward has not featured for the Seasiders since the end of November after making 14 appearances in the first months of the season.
Blackpool pensioner Frank Knight's £20,000 campaign reaches target. Frank Knight, 67, posted an apology on his Facebook account last week to Blackpool and the Oyston family, who run the Fylde coast club, over allegations he made on his social network account last year. In that statement, addressed to the 34 Facebook friends he had at that time, Knight said he had agreed to pay damages to the Sky Bet Championship club.
Avocado tree is 'transgender' and has overnight sex changes. Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours. The flowers close for the night and then the next morning they reopen - but now they use their'male anthers' to spread their pollen.
Amal Clooney’s £66,900 wardrobe. The London-based lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with George Clooney in Venice, Italy, last September. From elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos, the 37-year-old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right. She is one of the top human rights lawyers in the country.
ISIS has released a chilling new propaganda video warning there is 'no safety for any American on the globe' and claiming the U.S. will burn in another 9/11-style attack. Titled 'We Will Burn America', the video calls on supporters to attack the US on its own soil, while claiming its citizens' sense of safety is a'mirage'.
Eden Hazard and Harry Kane appear set to contest the PFA Player of the Year award after the six-man shortlist was unveiled. Hazard is hot favourite thanks to his consistently brilliant form for Chelsea, runaway leaders at the top of the Barclays Premier League.
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations as the Professional Footballers' Association announce their six-man shortlist for Young Player of the Year. Goalkeepers Thibaut Courtois and David de Gea.
Bayern Munich humbled by Porto. German football has certainly had better days. Still coming to terms with the morning resignation of their most gifted and charismatic coach, Jurgen Klopp, the Bundesliga then saw its champions humbled, embarrassed even.
Gary Gary Ballance celebrates bringing up his century following his superb batting display in Antigua. Joe Root formed a solid partnership with Ballance and made big inroads against the home side.
Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor in 1985 World Snooker final. Thirty years ago this month something as basic as two men hitting balls around a table with a stick gripped the nation by the throat. It was as iconic a moment of the Eighties as Duran Duran, yuppies, football hooliganism and Mrs Thatcher handbagging the unions. It was Steve Davis — lean, robotic and unsmiling — versus Dennis Taylor — tubby and splendidly bespectacled.
Maur Mauricio Pochettino insists Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane - 11 months after he was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy. 'I hope it's a very good reception from the supporters as he deserves that.'
Tottenham Hotspur vs Aston Villa: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need.
Premier League team news, odds and stats. Ahead of another weekend in the Barclays Premier League, Sportsmail brings you the latest squad news and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. Simply click on your team in the fixture list below.
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club. Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday and said he would ‘absolutely’ shake Levy’s hand. The pair still keep in touch.
Piano teacher John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of Rockingham County Superior Courthouse on Friday morning while jurors were deliberating claims that Goodwin had sexually assaulted an underage student. Authorities say 75-year-old John Goodwin went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault.
Florida community opposes body farm. The body farm, which would be located in Lithia, is a joint project between the University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office. It has the potential to offer forensic scientists and law-enforcement investigators a chance to see what happens to the bodies.
Mexican pop star Melissa Plancarte breaks into court in the middle of the night with gun-toting bodyguards to shoot a music video. The stunning singer, whose stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video 'Since You Left'. Seen by half a million fans, the clip shows glamorous pop star - one of Mexico's most beautiful women, dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase. And Melissa would have got away with it - had it not been for eagle eyed fans who spotted unmistakeable mur
Mother of baby born with deformed hands begs husband to come home. Worried Jiang Min says she has now run out of cash and can’t even afford food, let alone medical treatment, for baby Mengyu and their older daughter. Her father, who has not been named, left the family home in Lao Jun Tang Village in Shandong Province.
Britt McHenry is back to work. The disgraced ESPN sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack.
St. Louis man doused in frozen yogurt after being attacked by employee at a FroYo. According to a woman who is apparently against the preachings of Andrew Caldwell, the 21-year-old became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming 'I don't like mens no more - I like women, women and women!' after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality. But he says he was attacked by an employee after the cashier recognized him.
Spanish Pablo Mandado and Latvian Ilze Zebolde have no plans, no agenda, no cause to fight for and they are certainly in no hurry - the couple simply has a dream to 'discover different parts of this planet a pedal at a time.' And, after quitting their restaurant jobs in Manchester, the intrepid cyclists are doing it as cheaply as they possibly can.
An adorable green sea turtle pulled off the ultimate photo-bomb, crashing this group photo in the Philippines. This may just be the best photo-bomber ever. The shallow water in Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles, so spottings aren't uncommon. However, it is rare that one of the endangered animals would come so close.
Man who weighed 34st loses 19st in just one year. David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, felt that he'shouldn't go out' because of his size but lost the weight after plucking up the courage to start cycling. 'I hated leaving the house and going out anywhere because I didn't know if the places I would be going to were tight for space.'
Daredevil Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas. He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday evening. He said: 'Perhaps 10 years in Iraq and Afghanistan, my danger meter needs to be recalibrated'. Landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film.
The best parenting tips to know before having a baby. A group of parents, all of whom are based in the US, have created a video that lifts the lid on what the first months with a new baby are really like. Called Extra Storage Space, the clip has already been viewed almost 600,000 times and blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment. Viewers are encouraged to not to switch off until having watched the final piece of advice.
Lewis Hamilton remains the richest sportsman in Britain with a fortune of £88m but Wayne Rooney has overtaken Jenson Button to be in second place in the 2015 Sunday Times Sport Rich List. Formula One world champion Hamilton, who lives as a tax exile in Monaco, remains on pole position in the list but his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year. Hamilton has his sights on retaining his world championship title after winning three of the first four races of the season.
Daniel Sturridge's status as Liverpool’s No 1 striker is under threat after Brendan Rodgers revealed his intention to sign a top forward who can “play every week”. The England international will be absent once again on Saturday at The Hawthorns, as he continues to be plagued by a hip problem.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when the time comes. Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer.
Ben Stokes pulls his shirt across his mouth before smiling at Marlon Samuels, as if to declare a truce in their feud. There was little else for England to laugh about.
Sunderland Sunderland have been branded ‘disgraceful’ following their shock decision not to suspend Adam Johnson despite the player facing child sex charges. The 27-year-old has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year old girl and one of grooming and could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty.
Manchester United have offered to make David de Gea the world’s best-paid goalkeeper on £200,000-a-week to keep him at Old Trafford. Fears are growing at United that De Gea will return to Spain and join Real Madrid on a free transfer.
Manchester United close in on deal to sign Borussia Dortmund ace Ilkay Gundogan. Manchester United have identified Borussia Dortmund midfielder Ilkay Gundogan as the leading contender to fill Michael Carrick's midfield role. United are eyeing a £20.5million deal for the central midfielder, and reports emanating from Germany on Friday indicated a deal is now close - though those claims were later denied.
Wladimir Klitschko recalls rise to the top as he prepares to face Bryant Jennings. The Ukrainian superstar will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years when he takes on the slick Philadelphian at the iconic Madison Square Garden in New York. The 39-year-old has been reminiscing about how it all started for him when he won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996, instantly catapulting him into a hero in his home country over night. 'I do remember clearly how it was and it was additional motivation to keep doing what I was doing.
AP McCoy has two rides at Sandown on final day as a professional jockey. AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day in the colours of his boss JP McManus. The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
This shocking image shows the moment a car smashed into the front of a house and became stuck in the wall. The red Mazda had careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds. It hit the property with such force that the car, which has its front end completely destroyed in the crash, became stuck.
Men do almost twice the amount of housework after they retire - but they are still doing far less than their wives, according to new research. The study of 1,302 German couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day, which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired. The research noted the increase in the men's hours was mainly taken up by more'manly' chores - like repairs and gardening. However, the study does not reveal how the burden was shared when both the husband and wife were working.
Axe-wielding robber jailed after he was jumped on by shopkeeper and hit by his wife with baseball bat. Ex-juvenile offender Shaun Andrew McKerry, dubbed Boomerang Boy or Homing Pigeon Boy in his youth, burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores, County Durham, at 8pm on March 15. The masked 31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant Andrea Brighty, but he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor, sending shelves and produce tumbling.
'I've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant': Six-year-old boy takes his morning pills to treat cystic fibrosis. The footage of Jesse O'Brien was taken by his mother Heidi, 37, to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness. Jesse, from Kesgrave, Suffolk, is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills.
Rugby School is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of the schoolboy called William who made the daring decision to disregard the rules in 1823. Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of'muscular Christianity' led by its most famous headmaster, Dr Thomas Arnold.
Manchester City Under 21s lose to West Ham. Patrick Vieira's Manchester City Elite Development Squad saw their Barclays Under 21 Premier League title hopes take a hit as an own goal gifted West Ham a deserved victory over them at Upton Park. A Dan Potts header and Adam Drury's own goal gave West Ham  a two-goal lead before Olivier Ntcham pulled back a goal for City, but it was not enough.
Jose Mourinho hits back at Arsene Wenger. Jose Mourinho resisted the temptation until someone mentioned defending. Wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend, just as Brendan Rodgers had ventured after Chelsea's victory at Liverpool.
Arsene Wenger insists he isn’t haunted by his decision to back out of signing Eden Hazard in 2012 – even if he does accept the Chelsea attacker is getting better every year. It might prove to be a stunning oversight on Wenger's part, having pulled out of a deal to sign the 24-year-old from Lille. Talks got to such an advanced stage that Hazard's agent discussed the move with Wenger in the Arsenal manager's house.
Isco: Do you want to come to Manchester City?. Manchester City wanted Isco when he left Malaga two years ago but he chose Real Madrid over Manuel Pellegrini. Judging from comments made after Real’s midweek win over Atletico Madrid, he still harbours some regrets over that decision.
Tottenham ready to grant Emmanuel Adebayor a free transfer. Tottenham are ready to give Emmanuel Adéayor free transfer, in an attempt to finally get the striker off their wage bill. The Togolese's move to Spurs has proved a massive financial burden for the north London club, who pay the forward £100,000-per-week.
Francis Coquelin is confident he can show his potential as Arsenal's long-term midfield enforcer when he goes head to head with 'unbelievable' Nemanja Matic. The Gunners tackle the leaders aiming to eat into their 10-point advantage at the top of the table.
Jose Mourinho stumped at Arsenal press conference. Jose Mourinho relishes the pre-match press conference. For the Chelsea manager, it's where the game begins, especially ahead of a match like Sunday's at Arsenal.
Mark Selby falls victim of Crucible curse and rookie Scot Anthony McGill pulls off a monumental Betfred World Championship shock. Qualifier McGill exuded calm assurance as he saw off the defending champion 13-9.
Pep Guardiola will be reunited with Barcelona after his Bayern Munich were paired with the Catalan giants in the Champions League semi-finals. The manager is to return to the Nou Camp.
Pep Guardiola admits he has to work out a way to stop Lionel Messi. After years of hoping he would rip opposition defences to shreds, Pep Guardiola has admitted he must start trying to stop the superb Lionel Messi. The Bayern Munich coach will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals next month.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors.
Mayweather vs Pacquiao weigh-in tickets sell out in minutes. After Thursday night's rapid-fire ticket sale, seats for Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquio's eagerly-anticipated weigh in have sold out within minutes on Friday evening. Tickets for the pair's face-off on May 1, 24 hours before their mega-fight in Las Vegas, went on sale from the MGM property box offices on Friday at 3pm - as fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on 10,000 tickets.
Europa League semi-final draw: Napoli vs Fiorentina, Sevilla vs Dnipro. There is the potential for an all-Italian Europa League final after Napoli were kept apart in the semi-finals draw. Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play.
Joe Root was denied the chance of scoring 200 runs against the West Indies as he was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson. Root impressed with the bat on day four of the second Test in Grenada by scoring 182 runs in the Caribbean sun.
Bath 26-13 London Irish. Sam Burgess starred for Bath as Mike Ford's men moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton with a five-try hammering of London Irish at the Rec. Burgess, playing only his second game at blindside flanker.
Joe Root admits pitches make it easier to make centuries and harder to win games. Joe Root admitted pitches like the one in Grenada make it easy to score centuries but harder to take wickets. England's hopes of pushing for victory were railroaded by a dead pitch.
Joe Root became the second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs, after Alastair Cook. Root reached the milestone aged 24 years, 115 days. Cook was 401 days quicker.
JJurgen Klopp has refused to address his future and whether he is bound for the Premier League. The charismatic manager has announced he will leave his post at Borussia Dortmund.
Div Divock Origi has revealed that Jordon Ibe at Liverpool this season has left him counting the days until he makes his Anfield bow. The Belgium striker was signed by Liverpool in a £10million deal after impressing at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, before being loaned back to Lille for the 2014-15 season.
Alex Song picks his Fantasy Football Club XI. West Ham United's on-loan Barcelona midfielder Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career, on The Fantasy Football club on Sky Sports. Song, who has also played for.
Paula Paula Radcliffe expects her emotions to spill over once more when she pulls down the curtain on her competitive running career in Subday's London Marathon. She will set off with the masses rather than the elite runners but the memory of her stunning 2hr 15min 25sec world record run in London in 2003 will not be far from her thoughts.
With just two weekends of Football League action to play, it is crunch time for a number of clubs. Here, Sportsmail's guide takes you through the permutations in the Championship, League One, League Two and the Conference.
UsUsain Bolt says Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating. Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities.
Champions League semi-final draw: Bayern Munich vs Barcelona, Real Madrid vs Juventus. The draw for the Champions League has pitted Pep Guardiola's Bayern Munich against his former club Barcelona, while handing Italian champions a daunting task against holders Real Madrid. With sub-plots aplenty, and quality assured, the final four of European's premier competition will all feel they have a real chance of adding to their European titles.
Cesc Fabregas returns to Arsenal but what has he lost at the club that made him?. The man in the mask is back. But it might take more than a slice of carbon fibre to protect him from what could be a quite hateful reception.
Michael Cheika: I’m sure they will be fancy their chances against us. He has just been given licence to pick one of the finest backs of the era for the World Cup, but Michael Cheika is more pre-occupied with the denigration of his Wallaby pack. Toulon playmaker Matt Giteau could be a glorious asset at the showpiece tournament after Australia's policy against picking players based abroad was relaxed this week, but one thing he can't do is anchor the scrum.
Southampton captain Steven Davis backs Mauricio Pochettino to give Saints edge over Tottenham. Steven Davis believes the fact so many Southampton players worked under Mauricio Puchettino could give them the edge in this weekend's vital match against Tottenham. The former Argentina defender last season led Saints to their best ever Premier League points tally during a memorable campaign at St Mary's.
R Rotherham deducted three points for fielding ineligible player. The Millers fielded Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday.
John Carver hits back at Michael Owen after he said Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five. The Magpies will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats should they be beaten at home by Swansea. Newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone.
Wayne Rooney cut a forlorn figure after being spotted filling up his £100,000 Overfinch Range Rover, just a couple of days after his side's loss to Chelsea - despite having 70 per cent possession. A solitary Eden Hazard strike in the first half was enough for Jose Mourinho's side, who showed how to 'park the bus' with a terrific defensive display as Manchester United struggled to break them down and create any clear-cut chances.
Jose Mourinho revealed he prepared his Chelsea players to deal with the threat of Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini all week – only to be told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing. Mourinho planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark Fellain, with teenager Ruben Loftus-Cheek playing the 6ft 4in midfielder in training.
Bamford named the Championship Player of the Year at The Football League Awards. Middlesbrough's Patrick Bamford has been named the Football League's Championship player of the year. Bamford, on loan at the Riverside Stadium from Chelsea, received the award at the gala ceremony in London on Sunday evening in front of over 600 guests. The 21-year-old beat competition from Ipswich Town's Daryl Murphy and Watford's Troy Deeney.
Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Nicky Butt and Andrew Cole go out for dinner just hours after Chelsea defeat. Former Manchester United striker Andrew Cole went out for a meal with his former team-mates on Saturday night. The quartet were in 'great company' after their side's 1-0 defeat by Chelsea.
Memphis Depay looks almost certain to leave PSV Eindhoven this summer after technical director Marcel Brands confirmed interest from 'big clubs'. The 21-year-old, who has scored an emphatic 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season, has been tipped to join one of Europe's big boys.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre last week. The Toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third In the WFA National League in the Championship Division and was provided with his own wheelchair.
Floyd Mayweather adds a 2016 Mercedes-Maybach S600, which cost $210,000, to his collection of sports cars. Mayweather goes head-to-head with boxing rival Pacquiao on May 2 in a blockbuster that has been billed as the most anticipated fight in years. And Mayweather, who is expected to get £120million for the fight, took time away from the boxing ring as he posted a video via his Instagram page showing off the latest member of his sports car collection.
Aston Villa's Jack Grealish reads messages of support from fans ahead of FA Cup semi-final clash with Liverpool. Aston Villa were able to read messages of encouragement from fans before their FA Cup final clash against Liverpool as the words of wisdom were displayed in their dressing room. Jack took to Twitter shortly after arriving at Wembley Stadium to thank supporters for sending in messages ahead of their clash with the Reds.
PSGermain face Nice on Saturday, hoping to take Ligue 1's top spot from Lyon but do so with a host of key stars missing, including captain Thiago Silva who is recuperating at home from a thigh injury. Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco Verratti and Thiago Motta all join Silva on the sidelines for the trip to the Mediterranean coast.
Eugenie Bouchard refuses to shake hands with Alexandra Dulgheru at pre-match press conference. EugenIE BouchARD has displayed here ruthless competitive streak again by refusing to shakehands with opponent Alexandra Dugheru at a press conference. The Canadian star is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend.
Javier Hernandez scores the only goal of the two legs in the Champions League quarter-final between Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid. It was hard to see what Atletico were trying to achieve at times. A victory on penalties perhaps.
There was a time when the name of Juventus would be one to avoid in the semi-final of European competition. Those days are long gone. When The Old Lady of Turin takes her place alongside Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Real Madrid on Friday, it will appear that Massimiliano Allegri has returned this great club to the elite level.
Mill Millwall 2-0 Blackburn. Millwall left Ewood Park down, almost out, and in danger of needing snookers to avoid relegation.
Floyd Mayweather's super cars, private jets and jewellery. When Floyd Mayweather turned professional in 1996, his ring nickname was 'Pretty Boy'. But as he grew more successful and became one of the highest-paid fighters in the world, he swapped that for 'Money', fitting for a man who has earned more than $400 million in his career.
Mayweather vs Pacquiao tickets sold out in a minute. The biggest fight in boxing history has sold out within a minute of going on sale with tickets for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacman at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 being snapped up on Thursday evening. Just minutes after 8pm UK time, tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market with one ticket going for a cool $128,705 (£85,508).
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday as the club look to tie up a move for the PSV Eindhoven winger. Depay, 21, jetted to England with representatives including his agent Kees Ploegsma for a summit with a United delegation led by manager Louis van Gaal.
Bast Bastian Schweinsteiger should leave Bayern Munich at the end of the season, according to former Germany international Dietmar Hamann. The World Cup winner was an unused substitute in Bayern's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto on Tuesday.
Champions League draw: Barcelona vs Bayern Munich, Real Madrid vs Juventus. Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals, meaning Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp. Guardiola, who spent four trophy-filled years at.
Real Madrid will not take up their £7.5million purchase option on Javier Hernandez despite his winning goal against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. Manchester United and Real Madrid agreed a potential deal last season worth around £15m to include the Mexican's season loan.
Ashley Young reveals Manchester United changing room playlist to Olly Murs. Young is known for being the resident DJ at the Red Devils, but he admitted to being under strict orders from manager Louis van Gaal to play only house and funky house music. In an interview with MUTV, the English winger is joined on the sofa by singer-songwriter Murs, who asks whether or not his mainstream tunes are played.
Football League reveals top ten players in each division. After Patrick Bamford, Joe Garner and Danny Mayor were crowned their division's player of the year on Sunday, the Football League has revealed the players who were nipping at their heels for the honour. On-loan Chelsea striker Bamford's efforts at Middlesbrough were rewarded with the Championship award.
Messi, Suarez and Neymar are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season. The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals and they will inevitably fuel the debate that they are fast becoming the greatest front three in Barcelona’s history. Henry scored 26, Eto’o 36 and Messi 38 goals in the 2008-09 season.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors.
The 12 most significant fights in boxing history. Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors.
1212 most significant fights in boxing's history. Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political, social and cultural undertones, the scale of expectation and outside influences.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history. Here, Sportsmail takes a look at the two men's achievements, in and out of the ring,.
QPR boss Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the Premier League. A mere 53 hours to kick-off and all is serene at the training base of Queens Park Rangers. Mowers clip along on distant pitches as the sun beats down and the whitewashed pavilion is brightened by pots of forget-me-nots.
ChelseaChelsea can take another step closer towards securing the Premier League title when they face Arsenal on Sunday, and Jose Mourinho's side stepped up their preparations for the Emirates showdown in training on Friday. The league leaders were put through their paces at their Cobham training headquarters just a couple of days before a London derby against Arsene Wenger's side.
SFA panel that cleared Josh Meekings to play in Scottish Cup final did not even consider his handball. The panel of the Scottish Football Association that cleared the Inverness defender to appear in the William Hill Scottish Cup Final did not consider the handball, the SFA has revealed. The SFA published the reasons given by the chair of the three-man panel. They read: 'The panel considered that as the incident (but not the actual alleged sending-off offence of handball) had been seen by one or more of the officials it was not entitled to consider the matter further.'
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on May 30 - and the history books points towards that being a good thing for the Gunners. Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month - which allows the winner to select club colours in the event of a clash of strip.
Steve Bruce: Hull players will have their salaries slashed by up to 50 per cent if relegated. Hull City manager Steve Bruce has revealed that players will be cut by 50% if they are relegated. The Tigers are fourth-bottom of the Premier League with one of the toughest run-ins.
RaRaheem Sterling insists he has not been affected by the criticism of his ongoing contract stand-off with Liverpool. The England international has been abused, even by his own fans, over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £90,000-per-week.
Tottenham urged to make bid for Marseille midfielder Florian Thauvin. Tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for French club Marseille after the French club decided to listen to offers. The 22-year-old winger, who can also play behind the striker, was the subject of enquiries from Tottenham earlier in the year.
Louis van Gaal has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool when the Manchester United midfielder returns to Goodison Park on Sunday for the first time since his £27million move from Everton. Fellain, who followed manager David Moyes to Old Trafford in the summer of 2013, is set for a more hostile reception than Juan Mata received at his old club Chelsea last weekend. The Belgium international became a symbol for the failure of the Moyes era but has turned his career around under Van Gaal.
Bristol Rovers boss Darrell Clarke: 'We have worked so hard to be where we are'. The tears have dried but for how long? It’s been almost a year to the day since Darrell Clarke cracked in front of the cameras as he explained how Bristol fell out of the Football League for the first time since 1920. If he had spent the entire press conference scratching his head in silence no-one would have blamed him.
Kick It Out warn Hartlepool fans over Bob Marley-themed fancy dress day. Football equality campaigners Kick it Out have warned Hartleport supporters over a Bob Marleys-themed day planned for their League Two trip to Carlisle on the final day of the season. Officials from the anti-racism body say they have acted on complaints from some fans and urged Carlisle to refuse admission.
Chelsea are set to follow Tottenham's lead and take part in a post-season friendly Down Under in June. Jose Mourinho's side could face Sydney at the ANZ Stadium on June 2 - days after Spurs' fixture against the same side.
Rafa Benitez takes Napoli into Europa League semi-final. Amid a torrent of rumours surrounding Rafa Benitez and his managerial future, the Spaniard quietly continued a phenomenal career trend on Thursday with Napoli. He took the.
Manchester City are rivalling Manchester United and Arsenal for Valenciennes teenage defender Dayot Upamecano. The 16-year-old almost joined United in the January transfer window only for him to opt to stay in France for a few more months.
West Ham to move for Real Madrid’s Javier Hernandez. West Ham are planning to sign Real Madrid's European goal hero Javier Hernandez as part of an extensive summer recruitment programme. Hernandez, 26, is on loan at Real from Manchester United.
Baseball brawl: Yordano Ventura, Adam Eaton, Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija among five ejected from game. In the seventh innings of a game between the Kansas City Royals and rivals Chicago White Sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl. Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at Chicago's US Cellular Field in Illinois. A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordanano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from the dugouts and bullpens flood the field, reported New York Daily News.
Sinfield's 500th appearance for Leeds ends in defeat by Warrington. Warrington put a dampener on Kevin Sinfield’s 500th appearance for Leeds as they completed a notable double over the Super League leaders in emphatic fashion at Headingley. Sinfield was on the losing side on his debut for the Rhinos against Sheffield Eagles at Headingley in 1997 and he was powerless to prevent a repeat on his landmark occasion, with the Wolves running out 29-10 winners.
Tyson Fury hopes Wladimir Klitschko sees off the challenge of Bryant Jennings on Saturday night. Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion and hopes to lure him to England in the autumn.
Quade Cooper joins Toulon. TOULON have announced the signing of Australia star Quade Cooper. The Queensland Reds fly-half, who has won 53 caps, becomes the latest Australia international to move abroad, following players like Will Genia, James Horwill and Adam Ashley-Cooper.
Swafford, Weekley share lead at Zurich Classic. The field remained tightly packed with birdies seemingly harder to come by Friday. Many players cited a combination of wind, soggy turf from recent rain and thick, swampy air.
Wigan 40-22 Wakefield. Sydney-bound winger Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick as Wigan secured their first away win of the season, but they were made to work hard by struggling Wakefield in an error-strewn game.
Bradford fire 30th anniversary: Premier League, Football League and FA to mark tragedy. English football will stand still just before three o’clock on Saturday to mark the anniversary of the Bradford fire. All fixtures in the Premier League and Football League will observe a minute’s silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze.
Florent Malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club. The former Chelsea winger, who won the Barclays Premier League in 2010 and 2012 Champions League with Chelsea, chose players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team.
Juventus return to Champions League semi-finals after 12 years. When Andriy Shevchenko netted the winning penalty to condemn Juventus to defeat in the 2003 Champions League final, they surely would not have envisaged it would take them this long to get back to Europe's top table. That penalty shootout followed a 0-0 draw which saw AC Milan crowned European champions in the first all-Italian final.
Yaya Toure's legacy at Manchester City should be positive. Those surprised at the Ivorian's apparent desire to talk himself in to a transfer from Manchester City this week should not be. The Ivorian has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs.
Miranda Devine has apologised after calling a rugby player a 'tosser' for celebrating a try using sign language. Flanker David Pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for Australian Super Rugby team, the Brumbies.
Police are desperately searching for a teenage schoolgirl who went missing near Melbourne on Friday afternoon. Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm, according to Victoria Police.
'Love Call' for 'tall, charming gentleman' who offered her his umbrella to cross the street. They say every cloud has a silver lining. At least that's what one Sydney woman, caught out in this week's super storm, is hoping. With the rain clearing, a woman known only by her email address as MissieSmile21, has taped posters to the city's light posts.
Children should not be encouraged to play rugby at school because it is so dangerous, researchers have warned. They say as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches.
Men are more competitive than women, study finds. Researchers have discovered that male athletes are more driven by the desire to beat the competition than female athletes. Sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport.
Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone. After the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, several new owners complained that the slim aluminium phones bent out of shape after being placed in tight pockets.
A mouse designed to let geeks continue their gaming adventures without working up a sweat – on their hands at least. A mouse called Ventus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. The mouse provides ‘enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming,’ according to the Taiwan-based firm that makes it.
Guillame Néry jumps into world's second deepest underwater sink hole. This incredible video shows the moment a world freediving champion jumped into the world’s second deepest sink hole. The dramatic footage was filmed in 2010 by the Frenchman's girlfriend and fellow freediver Julie Gautier.
Vintage Apple Watch is on sale on eBay for more than the brand’s latest offering. An analogue promotional watch from Apple with a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands, is listed on the internet auction site with a 'buy it now' price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage. For the same price as the 1997 timepiece, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change.
The unverified video shows the rocket drifting into view in slow motion and floating onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over. The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida. Soon after the launch, billionaire SpaceX founder, Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.'
Didier Drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal, averaging one every 78 minutes. Arsene Wenger rejoiced when Didier Drogba left Chelsea for Shanghai Shenhua in 2012, with the Ivorian striker departing England with a formidable scoring record of 13 goals in 14 games against Arsenal. But he might have celebrated too soon.
The video is based on an actual event when, on January 15, 2009, U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water. Following a series of bird strikes, both engines failed, and the Airbus A320, piloted by Captain Chesley B. Sullenberger, was forced to land in the Hudson River. The short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset - by Italy's University of Udine's HCI Lab.
Plane dumps toilet paper and plastic objects all over Pennsylvania town. Several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of West Pittston in Luzerne County on Monday morning. Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead.
Sweden's passport has been named the most powerful in the world, but it turns out it's also one of the most highly sought-after travel documents on the black market. The latest research suggests Swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading, as there is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder. They can sell for as much as £6,000 each – far more than the £28 fee that Sweden’s government charges for new or renewed travel documents.
Facebook.com CEO and co-founder, Mark Zuckerberg, opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role. Scroll down for video 'It will be pretty wild,' Zuckerberg replied to a follower online, according to arynews.tv.
Seattle-based filmmaker captures Thailand's best beauty spots using a drone. Gabriel Ng spent countless hours filming Thailand’s picturesque coastline, religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone. The result is a six-minute video containing breathtaking sights that make it clear why Thailand is a favourite destination for tourists.
Skiing with a friend in Revelstoke, Canada, Zach Birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. After exhaling air, he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner. Skiing off to the right, the man makes a controlled turn and begins heading back across the mountain – thick snow can be seen burying his skis.
Match.com is seeking an outgoing, media-savvy person with a passion for travelling and meeting new people to hop around the globe and go on dates with locals. To coincide with the dating site's 20th anniversary, applications seeking a 'date explorer' to help it revolutionise the British dating scene.
England's withdrawal from the historic Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations. Officials in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925.
Sunderland Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has insisted it was not a difficult decision to include Adam Johnson in his squad for Saturday's Barclays Premier League trip to Stoke. Johnson, who was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday, remains available for selection with the club reviewing the situation.
Sergio Ramos was the first man Carlo Ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of Real Madrid’s dramatic Champions League win over Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. Asked after the game when it was that he had decided to move the defender forward into midfield to cover the absence of Luka Modric, he replied: ‘The minute after I found out Modric was injured’.
Iker Casillas insists he will stay at Real Madrid even if David de Gea arrives to displace him as first choice keeper at the Bernabeu. The Spain international has come under increasing criticism in recent seasons, while Manchester United No 1 De Gea has been linked with a summer return.
Eden Hazard is seemingly days away from securing a Barclays Premier League and PFA Player of the Year double with Chelsea, and the Belgian star showed off exactly why with a series of tricks at their Cobham training base. Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg.
The worst CV blunder?. For those who have ever applied for a job and not heard anything back, this could be the reason why.
Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie Hamilton denies cheating on Josh Hamilton. The wife of LA Angels player Josh Hamilton has revealed she was 'blindsided' by his decision to file for divorce and insists she has never been unfaithful. Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao reveal 12 oddities about themselves. The extraordinary global obsession with the Fight of the Century has reached the dizzying point where all minute aspects of the lives of Floyd Mayweather. 1. Twizzlers (below) are one of his go-to favourite snacks. 2. Ramen noodle soup is one of.
An injured and diseased Husky that was picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide. An injured Husky has been picked up in Adelaide after being hit by a car and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections. He is also extremely underweight and is being fed a special diet to help him gain weight. He was wearing a collar when he was found in the Banksia Park area, in Adelaide's north-eastern suburbs.
Mum fights off intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter. Fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her Perth home on Thursday night. She said when she saw the man, standing with his hand raised over her daughter's head, she pushed him, forcing him down the hall way.
Audrey Nethery, 6, dances to Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk to raise awareness about rare bone marrow disorder. The parents of a sweet six-year-old are using adorable videos of their daughter dancing to help raise awareness of her rare disorder - and the moving and grooving clips have quickly turned the youngster into an online star. She has Diamond Blackfan Anemia (DBA), a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen. Since Audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells, her parents told the Mirror, she has faced a host of health issues in
Lewis Hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about Sir Jackie. Here are just a few reasons why Hamilton should listen to Sir Jackie.
Nico Rosberg back to his best in Bahrain. Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff believes Rosberg was back to the best in Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix. The German could only finish third behind Lewis Hamilton and Ferrari star Kimi Raikkonen at the Bahrain International Circuit, but he proved over the course of the race he still has what it takes. The German was third behind Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in Bahrain.
Mick Schumacher makes his Formula 4 debut in Germany. The 16-year-old, son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael, drew huge media interest to the Oschersleben circuit in Germany as he drove his Van Amersfoort car. The young protege began karting seven years ago, and this year reached the German Formula 4 - a stepping stone by junior drivers.
Man charged after allegedly burning Australian flag at Anzac Square. A 66-year-old man from Palm Beach, Queensland, was arrested and charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance after allegedly setting an Australian flag on fire at the Shrine of Remembrance in Anzac square on Friday afternoon. Police told Daily Mail Australia they arrested the man at around 1pm. He was charged with one count of public nuisance.
Texas was hit with more than two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in just 15 minutes. More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday.
Simon Cowell rescues adorable fox cub trapped in garden fence. The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Mr Cowell, who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey, travelling to the cub’s location in his car. He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position.
Barcelona star Martin Montoya scores audacious 27-yard goal into basketball hoop twice. Schoolboy Frankie Franz watched the Spanish right-back pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at Barcelona’s Ciutat Esportiva training ground earlier in the month. The viral clip shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the Catalonia club.
Tiny egg could give schoolgirl and her pet hens a place in the Guinness Book of Records. Shannon Hayes, 12, believes one of them has laid the smallest chicken egg in the world. After doing some research on the internet, she thinks its length of 1.8cm – smaller than a 5p coin – shaves two millimetres off the previous title-holder.
Jeb Corliss jumps from the Eiffel Tower and through a waterfall in the Swiss Alps to the world's tallest volcanic stack just off the coast of Australia. Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid near Lord Howe Island, in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand, documenting his flight over the stunning site. The US-born thrill-seeker says wing-suit flying allows pilots to trace the contours of cliffs, ridges and mountains at high speed.
Manly surfer attempts to scale huge wave at Deadman's Point in Sydney. The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos with severe flash flooding but hasn't appeared to deter surfers chasing the perfect wave. As the light was fading on Monday, three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves in Manly, Sydney. On Tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres.
Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button jet surf after winning Bahrain GP. Lewis Hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session after winning the Bahrain Grand Prix on Tuesday evening. The 35-year-old thanked Asics for the 'goodies' they had sent him.
Lewis Hamilton admits he is feeling more powerful than at any stage in his F1 career. It is an ominous warning from a man who has won nine of the last 11 grands prix, been on pole at the last four, and who already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings. It is no wonder after winning in Bahrain.
Man Utd star James Wilson would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability. Manchester United striker James Wilson has revealed that if he could take one quality from team-mate Wayne Rooney and add it to his own game, it would be the England captain's ability to take free-kicks. The 19-year-old, speaking during an interview in May's issue of Inside United, added that he would want Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts.
Nasser Hussain: It is time to wake up and look at the big picture. It seems to happen after every single World Cup that someone near to the top of English cricket gets the sack. Whether it be Duncan Fletcher, David Lloyd, whoever, someone always seems to pay the price.
Stan Collymore, talkSPORT lead football pundit who revels in laying down the law on the radio, astonished reporters with his behaviour during Aston Villa’s 3-3 Premier League draw with QPR on Tuesday night. The former Villa striker let loose with his wild, and sometimes expletive laden, comments from the press box.
Luis Suarez's wife says he didn't bite Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini during World Cup. The Uruguayan received a four-month ban for the incident and was condemned by world football but still completed a £75million move from Liverpool to the La Liga side. His wife admits that Suarez didn't believe that he had done anything but the television replays suggested otherwise.
Sunderland are under pressure to suspend England star Adam Johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. Johnson, 27, has been bailed to appear before Peterlee magistrates on May 20 — the same day Sunderland travel to Arsenal where it is expected the case will be sent to the Crown Court.
Sunderland will not suspend Adam Johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The club's hierarchy have decided that the 27-year -old should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats until the outcome of his case has been decided.
Adam Adam Johnson charged with sexual activity with 15-year-old girl. Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity and one of grooming.
Eden Hazard needs to become more selfish if he wants to be considered alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, according to Manchester United legend Paul Scholes. The Chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first Premier League title after another impressive season, which has seen him emerge as favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award.
Wladimir Klitschko will match Joe Louis in boxing's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on Saturday and could set more marks since he has no plans to retire anytime soon. The 39-year-old Ukrainian, speaking to reporters ahead of Saturday's fight against American Bryant Jennings at New York's Madison Square Garden, has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade and shown no signs of slowing down.
Klitschko eyes 18th title defence. Wladimir klitschko has reached rare territory among heavyweight champions. Now, in his ninth year as champion, he is catching Joe Louis and Larry Holmes in successful defences.
AP McCoy's last ride in a Grade One race. Mr Mole, AP McCoy’s mount in the Grade One Celebration Chase at Sandown on Saturday, has been installed as one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up. Paul Nicholls-trained Mr Mole is bracketed with Irish raider.
APAP McCoy will jump his final fence this weekend when the legendary jockey bows out at Sandown and to mark his retirement we've got some brilliant stats and little-known facts as we preview his big farewell. We've also got video footage of McCoy's most memorable wins and everything else you need to know about the man who has been champion jockey every year he's been a professional.
Chris Gayle tries his hand behind the DJ decks ahead of IPL. The 35-year-old is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament which starts on Wednesday. And it appears the destructive batsman is enjoying himself before attempting to help Royal Challengers Bangalore be crowned IPL champions.
Wayne Rooney gets annoyed by fans chanting his name in the street. Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has revealed he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in an interview with Ant and Dec's 'little' counterparts on Saturday Night Takeaway. The England captain enjoyed a kick-around with Neil Overend and Hayden Reid.
PSG star David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi prank birthday boy Zoumana Camara. Paris Saint-Germain's £50million centre back was part of a duo who conspired to dunk the 36-year-old's face into his cake on his special day as PSG prepare for their Ligue 1 trip to face Marseille on Sunday. The French defender soon had the cake all over his face.
MannyPacquiao traded hill runs and graft in the Wild Card Boxing gym for a touch of Hollywood glamour as he appeared on friend Mario Lopez's Extra programme on Wednesday. The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2 to be interviewed at the show’s base at Universal Studios.
Ronda Rousey shows off her lethal arm bar at the premiere of Fast & Furious 7. The UFC bantamweight champion appeared in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on April 3 in the UK with her MMA skills used to full effect. She was all smiles at the Hollywood event at the TCL Chinese Theatre.
Diego Maradona put his ‘hand of God’ to different use as he kept in shape by boxing training. The former Argentina star – who has not worked since leaving United Arab Emirates club Al-Wasl in 2012 – was busy keeping fit by hitting a boxing dummy.
Bayern Munich have an interest in Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic but are unlikely to make a move until January. The 31-year-old Serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract at Chelsea and his current deal runs out in 2016.
Inter Milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent deal for Manchester City misfit Stevan Jovetic. The 25-year-old striker is keen to return to Italy after making just 39 appearances since his £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013.
Victor Wanyama dismisses rumours he is set to quit Southampton for Arsenal. Southampton midfielder claims that he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger over a move to the Emirates. The Sun linked the 23-year-old with Arsenal, quoting him as saying Wenger had been discussing him.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life on Wednesday night but Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player. The Mexico international broke down in tears after scoring the goal that beat rivals Atletico Madrid.
Alan Pardew insists he is not interested in raiding former club Newcastle for Tim Krul. The 53-year-old made the shock decision to leave Newcastle for the south London club in January.
Juventus have ruled out a move for Manchester United loan star Radamel Falcao after claiming the Colombia striker's wages are 'beyond their means'. The 29-year-old has endured a difficult period at Old Trafford after arriving in an expensive loan deal from Monaco last summer.
Chelsea have suffered a blow in their pursuit of Palermo's Paulo Dybala after the striker declared he 'would love to stay in Serie A'. The 21 year old has scored 13 league this season and has also attracted interest from the likes of Manchester United, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid.
Gareth Bale is adamant that he wants to stay at Real Madrid despite strong interest from Manchester United. Bale has scored 17 goals for Real this season but has still bee criticised by supporters.
Kevin de Bruyne's agent expects to go 'around the world' discussing his client as interest in the Wolfsburg midfielder increases ahead of the summer transfer window. Patrick de Koster, who has confirmed that he held talks with Manchester City earlier this season, admits that he could receive 20 phone calls a day about the Belgium international.
Yaya Toure open to leaving Manchester City this summer. Inter Milan target Toure has admitted that he is open to 'new challenges' and will not remain at Manchester City just to pick up his £220,000-a-week wages. The Premier League champions want to reshape their squad this summer after a disappointing season.
Kurt Zouma dreams of winning the Ballon d'Or. Chelsea defender has revealed he has dreams of one day becoming the next Marcel Desailly. The 20-year-old has impressed at the heart of the Chelsea defence this season and proved his versatility by seemlessly switching into a holding midfield role when called upon this term.
Manchester United make official approach for PSV Eindhoven star Memphis Depay. Manchester United have ramped up their efforts to sign PSV  EINDHOVEN star Memphis  Depay by making an official approach. The Eredivisie champions have confirmed that the Red Devils have made a move over the Holland international.
Arsenal must make a swift decision on Petr Cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper. The Chelsea stopper looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season after losing his No 1 spot.
Manchester City prepare bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez. Manchester City are preparing bids for English trio Raheam Sterling and Ross Barkley as part of a summer Anglification of their squad. The club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent.
West Ham show interest in Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur. West Ham are showing interest in the Scotland international who only joined Palace last summer in a deal worth £7million from Wigan Athletic. The 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances for the Eagles this season as they currently sit 11th in the table.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata. The Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago.
Hearts have confirmed that captain Danny Wilson will leave the club this summer after the defender activated a clause in his contract. Wilson initially joined Hearts on loan from Liverpool in January 2013 before then putting pen to paper on a three-year contract.
Carlos Tevez has refuted claims suggesting he will rejoin Boca Juniors in the summer by insisting he is yet to make a decision on his future. The 31-year-old has said throughout his career that he wanted to end his career at his boyhood club but it appears the Argentine outfit will have to wait for his signature.
Carlos Tevez has been told to terminate his contract with Juventus to complete a return to his former club Boca Juniors in Argentina. The former Manchester City striker's deal with the Serie A champions does not expire until the end of next season but he has reportedly told the club he wishes to leave this summer.
Manchester United's pursuit of Edinson Cavani took another blow after the Uruguayan striker insisted he will be staying at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires. United have been considering a bid for the forward as they look to freshen up their forward options.
Georginio Wijnaldum: I want to play in a stronger league than the Eredivisie. PSV Eindhoven midfielder Georgi­nio Wijldum has fuelled speculation that he is eyeing a move to the Premier League in the summer. In an interview with Sky Sports, the 24-year-old reveals that he has the ambition to play for a 'great club' in a major European league.
Juventus and Liverpool are continuing to monitor developments with Chelsea midfielder Oscar. The Brazil international has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks and there are question marks over his future.
Carlos Tevez has rocked Juventus by revealing that he wants to leave the club and return to Argentina at the end of the season. Tevez is on course to win a second Serie A title with the Old Lady and still has a shot at European glory.
Sheffield Wednesday ready to offer new contracts to defender Tom Lees and goalkeeper Keiren Westwood. Sheffield Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season on Tuesday night with a 1-0 win over promotion-chasing Brentford. The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager.
Chelsea have opened talks with Patrick Bamford over an improved contract following his stunning loan spell at Middlesbrough. Bamford, 21, scored one and made one in Boro’s 2-1 victory over play-off rivals Wolves on Tuesday evening.
Victor Moses has returned to Chelsea after being ruled out for the season. The winger has been on loan at Stoke but damaged his hamstring in the 1-1 draw at West Ham United on Saturday.
Chelsea will announce the £4.5million signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday in a move that will come as a significant blow to Manchester City. The dazzling attacking midfielder, who turned 19 last month, has been in London for talks with the Blues this week and passed a medical on Tuesday.
Swansea have made a contract offer to Marseille striker Andre Ayew. The 25-year-old Ghana international is out of contract in the summer and free to talk to foreign clubs.
Arsenal are having reservations over their interest in Raheem Sterling following the Liverpool forward's turbulent few weeks. The Gunners are keen on the Reds forward, who is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at Anfield.
Zidane rules out Bale joining Manchester United this summer. Real Madrid legend Zinedine Zidabe has ruled out the notion of the club selling Gareth Bale to Manchester United. Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real - with fans attacking his car after their El Clasico loss at Barcelona last month.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Ivorian midfielder Yaya Toure this summer. The Premier League champions are also open to allowing Samir Nasri leave the Etihad Stadium.
Swansea City have expressed an interest in Schalke full back Christian Fuchs. The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the Premier League.
Tottenham press ahead with talks over new contract for midfielder Nabil Bentaleb. Tottenham are pressing ahead with negotiations over a bumper new contact for the Algerian midfielder. Talks over a new deal are progressing, but the club want the contract concluded sooner rather than later.
Helal Abbas wins High Court battle over claims he was a ‘wife beater’. A Labour politician who stood against Britain’s first elected Muslim mayor has won a High Court case over claims that he was an ‘abusive husband’. Helal (pictured) Abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London days after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet.
Incredible footage of a Sydney train station flooding during the storm of a decade on Wednesday has been captured on CCTV. A time lapse video, filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am, shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south forcing the partial closure of the T2 Airport line.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib and a'safety ridge' cut off the oxygen to her brain. West Sussex coroner Penelope Schofield yesterday issued a report expressing concern over the Bednest Bedside cot, which was endorsed by the charity National Children's Trust, saying urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths.
Dapper Laughs: Daniel O'Reilly chatted up air stewardesses and mocked airport cleaners. The British star, who came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was 'gagging for a rape', documented his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne, in a video posted online. 'I'm here in Doha, all the guys look like Michael Jackson': Comedian Daniel O’Reilly chats up air hostesses and mocking airport cleaners along the way as he arrives in Australia. He's back!
Madagascar chameleons battle for female mate. Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar. It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat.
NYPD officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime and opened fire Wednesday night. Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired.
Rudy Gestede has put Premier League clubs on alert after revealing his desire to play in England's top flight. The 26-year-old has enjoyed a terrific season at Ewood Park netting 20 goals in the Championship for Gary Bowyer's side.
Ronny Deila insists Scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches. The Celtic manager stressed he still had a positive view of officiating in this country despite the Josh Meekings handball debacle that helped kill his Treble dream last weekend. But Deila has called for similar transparency as in his Norwegian homeland, arguing that referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores.
Maur Pochettino insists he has no desire to be popular among Southampton fans as he prepares for his first return to the south coast. The Argentine will be given a hostile reception at St Mary’s on Saturday, with Saints fans still angered by his decision to leave for White Hart Lane last summer.
Alan Pardew will target a marquee signing this summer so his Crystal Palace side are taken seriously next season. The former Newcastle boss was able to make five permanent signings in January and will look to add several more when the transfer window re-opens.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after SFA judicial panel dismisses retrospective ban. The Inverness defender was cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final against Falkirk on May 30 after a charge of deliberate handball to deny Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths in last Sunday’s semi-final was thrown out. His admission – backed by manager John Hughes – preceded the player being cited by the SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan.
Lorient climb clear of relegation zone as Marseille collapse. Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation zone with a remarkable 5-3 win at Marseille as the home side's alarming slump continued at the Stade Velodrome.
Ronald Koeman has promised not leave Southampton this summer, even if Barcelona were to come calling. Eyebrows were raised by some last summer when the Dutch great took the reins of what many expected to be a sinking ship. Koeman, though, has been revelation in his first season in English football, not only steering Saints to calmer waters but new heights.
Tottenham are considering a state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new NFL London franchise. The bold design of the new £400million stadium, due to be completed for the start of the 2018-19 season, could involve a'slide-out' grass football pitch with an NFL-style synthetic surface housed underneath. The option of extra-large changing rooms, to accommodate NFL squad sizes that can amount to as many as 70 players at a game, is also being explored by architects.
Carl Jenkinson urges Jack Grealish to follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England. The West Ham defender, on loan from Arsenal until the end of the season, knows the predicament that faces the young Aston Villa star. Follow your heart.
West Ham boss Sam Allardyce: Season ticket price reduction is best business by any Premier League club in a long time. After West Ham announced a vast reduction in season ticket prices earlier this week, manager Sam allardyce has labelled the move the best business in the Premier League for a long, long time. The Hammers became the first club to drop the price of their season tickets off the back of their record three-year, £5.13bn television deal, which comes into effect at the start of the 2016-17 season.
Mauricio Pochettino: How his two tenures compare at Tottenham and Southampton. There was uproar on the south coast when Nicola Cortese sacked local hero Nigel Adkins and replaced him with the relatively unknown Argentine, on English shores at least, Mauricio Poch. Adkins had led Southampton to back-to-back promotions into the Barclays Premier League and was fighting valiantly to keep them in it.
Greg Hardy suspended without pay for 10 games for domestic violence. Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was'sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects.' Hardy was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend, Nicole Holder, last May.
New England Patriots to host Pittsburgh Steelers in opening game of 2015 NFL season. Super Bowl champions New England Patriots will begin the 2015 NFL season at home to the Pittsburgh Steelers on Thursday, September 10. The NFL released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on Tuesday night and, as is tradition, the reigning champions will host the opening game.
Aaron Hernandez found guilty of first-degree murder in Odin Lloyd shooting. Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez was found guilty on Wednesday of murder in a deadly late-night shooting, sealing the downfall of an athlete who once had a $40million contract and a standout career ahead of him. Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict.
Michael Bennett still thinks Jimmy Graham is overrated. Some see the addition of Jimmy Graham to the Seattle Seahawks' offense as one of the best moves of free agency, but Michael Bennett thinks he's overrated. Bennett labelled the tight end'soft' and 'overrated', not to mention adding that 'he didn't like him as a person or a player', after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago.
Charles Tillman signs with Carolina Panthers. The veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers with the two-time Pro Bowler opting to link-up with Ron Rivera. At the age of 34 and after another injury-hit season, the new Bears hierarchy did not express an interest in keeping him.
Le'Veon Bell to miss first three games of NFL season after being charged with marijuana possession. The Pittsburgh Steelers ended last season without Le’Veon Bell and it seems they'll start the new one without their stud running back too. Bell will miss the first three games for abusing the league's substance abuse policy and he will also be fined a game cheque.
Stevan Ridley signs one-year deal with Jets. The New York Jets have added another former Patriot to their roster in the shape of running back Stevan Ridley. The 26-year-old has signed a one year deal after suffering a tear to his right ACL.
Aqib Talib and brother investigated for aggravated assault. An NFL defensive back with a history of legal problems is being investigated after reports of an early-morning incident involving a physical fight and at least one shot being fired at a Texas club. Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, according to reports. During a 2011 incident involving two guns when he playing for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-
Sarah Thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season, the league announced on Wednesday. The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year.
LeSean McCoy takes another swipe at Chip Kelly over Eagles' 'college feel'. Since arriving at Rex Ryan's Bills last month, McCoy says he's already at ease with his surroundings and says he doesn't like Chip Kelly's team's college feel. 'I don’t think he likes or respects the stars. I’m being honest.
Adrian Peterson is to meet with the NFL to discuss his reinstatement. The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list due to a child abuse case.
Sarah Thomas set to become NFL's first full-time female official. The NFL is set to hire Sarah Thomas as its first permanent female official for regular season games, according to reports. The 42-year-old from Mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge.
Efe Obada signs with Dallas Cowboys despite playing just five games for London Warriors. The 22-year-old Londoner, who currently works in a warehouse in Welwyn Garden City, will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp. He only started playing American football half way through last season and was mentored by Warriors defensive co-ordinator Aden Durde.
Jacksonville Jaguars to bring NFL Draft to London. The Jacksonville Jaguars will bring a little bit of the NFL draft to London next month by having a UK-based fan announce their sixth and seventh round picks live on television. The Jaguars, who are committed to playing one home game each year in London until 2015, have opened a competition.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion to take the WBC super-middleweight title. Jack (19-1-1) received winning of 116-112 and 115-113, and the third had it even at 114-114.
Mayweather vs Pacquiao weigh-in tickets go on sale at 8pm. Boxing fans hoping to attend the weigh in for the welterweight showdown between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacman on May 2 must buy advance tickets. Tickets will cost £6.60.
Nicola Adams has been forced to withdraw from this weekend's English National Championships following a burglary at her home in Leeds. Adams and other family members were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in, in which two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
Joe Calzaghe: 'There will be a lot more pressure on Mayweather than Pacquiao'. Unbeaten Floyd Mayweather faces more pressure than Manny Pacquiao when the pair meet in Las Vegas on May 2 but he will still be victorious, says Joe Calzaghe. The Welshman, who is now 43, retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats.
Luke Rockhold staked his claim in New Jersey as the top middleweight contender in the UFC. Up next, Rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York.
Ly Lyoto Machida shows the lengths he would go to make wake by sweating it out under an electric blanket. 'The Dragon' calmly waits while wearing a sauna suit ahead of the weigh-in.
Luke Luke Rockhold is ready to be the bull to Lyoto Machida's matador when the middleweights collide in New Jersey on Saturday. The Californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory.
Conor McGregor: I would kill Floyd Mayweather in less than 30 seconds. Conor McGregor has claimed he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world. McGregor, who is preparing for his world title fight against UFC featherweight champion Jose Aldo in July, said Mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing.
RRonda Rousey wants to return to the WWE after her hit debut appearance with Fast and Furious co-star The Rock at Wrestlemania 31 but her packed schedule will make it difficult. A huge WWE fan, Rousey made her first in-ring performance on March 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in Levi's Stadium in California and admits she caught the bug.
Conor McGregor reveals new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach. Conor McGregor is gearing up for a featherweight title challenge against Jose Aldo on July 11 and has unveiled a fearsome new tattoo ahead of the encounter. The 26-year-old Irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest.
Jim Jimi Manuwa is confident he can return to winning ways, by the method he knows best. The Londoner takes on Jan Blachowicz tonight.
Mirko ‘Cro Crop’ Filipovic is desperate to scratch his eight-year itch when he takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday. Cro Crop lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end.
Conor McGregor insists featherweight champion Jose Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does. Aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against McGregor in Las Vegas on July 11.
Jeff Novitzky appointed as UFC's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance. The federal agent who helped bring down Lance Armstrong has been appointed as the UFC’s new vice president of athlete health and performance. Jeff Novitsky has been named as the new UFC vice president for athlete health.
Chad Mendes punches Ricardo Lamas in their featherweight fight during the UFC Fight Night event. Mendes celebrates his first-round victory against Lamas as he returned to action in Virginia.
UFC Fight Night: Mendes vs. Lamas live on BT Sport 4. Jose Aldo and Conor McGregor may have taken the spotlight over the past two weeks when it comes to the UFC's featherweight division, but this weekend it's time for two other top ranked 145ers to take centre stage, as No 1 ranked Chad Mendes and No 4 ranked Ricardo Lamas meet in Fairfax, in a bout which could potentially determine the next challenger to the title. Mendes' only two professional losses have come at.
Paula Creamer has called for a Masters tournament for women at Augusta National. Creamer, who won the 2010 women's US Open, first floated the idea on Twitter.
Justin Rose returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans this week. Justin Rose will make his first appearance since finishing second in the Masters in New Orleans, an event where he has an impressive recent record.
Lindsey Vonn has lifted the lid on her relationship with golf superstar Tiger Woods during a US chat show interview on the Late Night With Seth Meyers. The most successful US Alpine skier in history, who has an Olympic gold medal and several world championship titles to her name, arrived at the chat show looking stunning in a white dress that showed off her athletic legs.
Bubba Watson shows off incredible baseball style trick shot while practicing in China. The 36-year-old took to Twitter on Saturday to show fans a new trick he had been working on. Working with his caddie in China, Watson pulled off a baseball-style shot with a driver.
Nick Faldo and Tom Watson to make final Open appearances in St Andrews. Sir Faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course, having also lifted the Claret jug at Muirfield in 1987 and 1992. Faldo, whose 58th birthday falls on the Saturday of the championship, said: 'The Open and St Andrews will forever hold a significant place in my heart. My fondest moments on my journey with this great sport are woven with pictures and emotions in this setting.
Jim Furyk beats Kevin Kisner in playoff to win the RBC Heritage. Jim Furykowski defeated Kevin Kinsner on the second play-off hole to claim a second PGA Tour title at Hilton Head and record a first victory since 2010. The 2010 winner carded a superb final round eight-under-par 63 to move ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt.
Kir Kiradech Aphibarnrat wins Shenzhen International. Thailand's Kirade Chai-barnrat produced a brilliant finish to claim his second European Tour title and break Chinese hearts.
Kir Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at Shenzhen International in China. Thailand's Kiradech Aphbarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to surge into the lead at the Shenzhen International in China on Saturday.Aphabarnrat began the third round one shot behind American Peter Uihlein but birdied his first three holes before carding what would prove to be his only par on the front nine on the fourth.The 25-year-old, whose sole European Tour win to date came in the Malaysian Open in 2013, then bogeyed the fifth
Jordan Spieth fires 62 as Troy Merritt fires 10-under 61 to open up four-shot lead at RBC Heritage. Masters champion Spieth roared back into contention with a second-round 62 on Friday. However, he and his fellow competitors were no match.
Carly Carly Booth shows off her bikini body in Mauritius. Scottish golfer Carly Booth took to Instagram to show off her impressive bikini body, as she posted the revealing selfie to her 9,778 followers.
Jordan Spieth's first outing after winning the Masters did not go according to plan as he finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par. The 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since dominating in Augusta to win by four shots from Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson.
Rory McIlroy's powers of persuasion have resulted in US Open champion Martin Kaymer, former world number one Luke Donald and American Ryder Cup star Patrick Reed confirming their participation in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open. Rory's foundation has been a major influence in attracting a top-class field, who will compete for a prize fund of £1.8million, an increase of 25 per cent from last year.
Bubba Watson sits four shots off home hope Huang Wen-yi's lead at Shenzhen International. Deposed Masters champion Bubba Watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off home hope Huang Wen-yi’s lead at the Shenzhen International. Watson, who finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday as the defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion.
Jordan Spieth returns to golf just days after winning the Masters and will play in the RBC Heritage Classic. The 21-year-old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours.
Rory McIlroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer. The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown, with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish.
Martina Navratilova's brief stint as coach of 2012 Wimbledon runner-up Agnieszka Radwanska is finished. The pair, who won 18 Grand Slam singles titles as a player, issued statements on Friday to announce the parting. They announced in December that they would work together.
Maria Sharapova loses to Angelique Kerber in Porsche Grand Prix. Top-seeded Russian won four straight games to clinch the first set but she made some errors to drop the second set and faded in the third. Top seed Maria Sharapova was beaten in three sets by Angelique Kerber of Germany.
Rafael Nadal dumped out of Barcelona Open after losing to Fabio Fognini in third round. Second-seed Nadal had easily seen off Nicolas Almagro in the previous round but found himself in trouble against the Italian. Nadal's bid for a ninth Barcelona Open title ended in third-round defeat.
Agnieszka Radwanska exits Porsche Grand Prix in Stuttgart. World No 9 Sara Errani dumped out the Polish seventh-seed 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in a tense match on Wednesday that lasted two hours and eight minutes. Italian clay specialist.
Rafael Nadal beats Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach Barcelona Open third round. The world No 4 and second seed comfortably dismissed the unseeded Spaniard - who is battling back after foot surgery that sidelined him for the second half of last year. The pair met in the 2013 Barcelona final, when Nadal claimed his eighth title.
Cilic loses to Estrella in Barcelona Open. U.S. Open champion Marin Cilic was eliminated in the second round of the Barcelona Open on Wednesday, losing to Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic 6-4. Also, Santiago Giraldo beat Joao Sousa of Portugal 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
Ana Ivanovic crashes out of Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart. Serbian fifth seed Ivanovic, the 2014 runner-up, was seen off 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by France's Garcia, who had already beaten her two previous times this year. Other seeds made it through their first-round matches.
Tennis fans face Wimbledon-type scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets. There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club, but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last month's first round.
Kei Nishikori advances to Barcelona Open third round with win over Teymuraz Gabashvili. Top seed Kei Nishikori made a successful start to his Barcelona Open title defence with a straight sets victory over Teymuras Gabashesvili on Tuesday. The other seeds to advance to the third round were both Spaniards - seventh seed Roberto Bautista-Agut with a 6-3 6-4 win over Thomaz Bellucci of Brazil, and ninth seed Tommy Robredo, the 2004 champion.
Jose Mourinho: I felt like I was British when Andy Murray won Wimbledon. The Chelsea manager also described SW19 as'more than a Grand Slam' due to its traditions.
AndyAndy Murray and his Davis Cup colleagues have got their preferred venue by securing London's Queen's Club as the place where they will take on France in their quarter final. The venerable club in Baron's Court will host Britain's biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19, after agreement was reached between its management and the Lawn Tennis Association today.
Serena Williams: 'I'm totally not as ready for the claycourt season as I thought I was'. Twice French Open champion Serena Williams said her struggle to beat Sara Errani in the Fed Cup on Sunday had been a real 'eye-opener'. World No 1 Williams eventually prevailed 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 against the dogged Italian to take her career record over her to 8-0 but the American was not impressed.
Nadal dismisses threat from Djokovic at French Open. A red hot Novak Djoković is being tipped to end Rafa Nadal's stranglehold at Roland Garros in June but the Spaniard dismissed the threat as being no different to those he has faced before. The Serbian world number one has been an unstoppable force.
Novak Djokovic becomes first player to win the opening three ATP World Tour Masters 1000 events. Novak got his clay court season underway with victory at the Monte Carlo Open. The world No 1 kisses the trophy after defeating Tomas Berdych in the final.
Ferrari boss Maurizio Arrivabene uses carrot-and-stick approach to keep Kimi Raikkonen happy. Ferrari team principal MaurizIO ArrivABene has revealed to using a carrot- and-stick method to keep his desire to remain with the Maranello marque high. With Lewis Hamilton yet to sign his new contract as he negotiates the finer details with Mercedes, it has been suggested that the 30-year-old will replace him at Ferrari for next season.
Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren after an Energy Recovery System prevented him from making it to the start-line. It capped a miserable weekend for the Briton; his time in Bahrain plagued by reliability issues. Button spent much of the race on Twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded.
Bernie Ecclestone gives Azerbaijan the all-clear ahead of F1's debut next season. The capital, Baku, will host a street race to be known as the European Grand Prix.
Jenson Button fails to start Bahrain Grand Prix after engine failure. The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid after he broke down in qualifying. But despite frantic work from his McLaren team to get his car ready in time for the race in Sakhir, Button was forced to watch from the sidelines.
JJenson Button could do no more than 'look at the positives' in the wake of another frustrating day at the wheel of his faltering McLaren. After stopping on track in each of the practice sessions on Friday due to technical issues, Button made it a hat-trick in qualifying.
Nico Rosberg on Lewis Hamilton: 'I know exactly how he is functioning. I understand him really, really well. All his attitudes. Sometimes he annoys me.'.
Lewis Hamilton takes pole in Bahrain. Lewis Hamilton dominated qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix – taking pole position under the lights at Sakhir by four-tenths of a second from Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari. Hamilton’s Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg, who took pole here in the previous two years, was third six-thenths behind Hamilton.
Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has urged Kimi Raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to remain with the Maranello marque. The Finn stated this week he has never been happier working with a team in his entire F1 career.
Nico Rosberg fears the threat from Ferrari in this weekend's Bahrain Grand Prix, describing their pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying'. Following Friday practice, in particular the evening session under the lights at the Bahrain International Circuit, Mercedes appeared comfortable.
Jenson Button left to reflect on 'not a great day' as he fears he will again be at the back of the grid in Bahrain. Just three minutes into the first practice session, Button's McLaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the Bahrain International Circuit. Although the car was recovered, his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2.
Lewis Hamilton urged to consider Ferrari move. Bernie Ecclestone has urged Lewis Hamilton to think the unthinkable — and consider a move from Mercedes to Ferrari. Formula One’s puppeteer, who still pulls virtually every string in the paddock at the age of 84, was speaking after calling Hamilton in for talks.
Davy Condon has been forced to retire from the saddle due to a spinal injury sustained in the Grand National earlier this month. It was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury.
Robbie McNamara is feeling 'great and optimistic' as he continues to recover from serious injuries suffered in a fall at Wexford. The jockey was due to partner last year's Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree, but suffered multiple injuries when coming to grief in a handicap hurdle the previous day.
Freddy Head compares Ride Like The Wind to Charm Spirit. French trainer Freddy Head has favourably compared his 2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like the Wind to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit, who landed three Group One races in 2014. The colt was one of 34 colts which remain in the first Classic of the season run on Saturday, May 2.
Ian Wright to present AP McCoy with final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown. Arsenal legend Ian Wright has been confirmed as the man who will present McCoy with his 20th and final champion champion jockey's trophy. Track officials had been keen to secure someone with a connection to the club which the retiring rider fervently supports.
AP McCoy to ride final race at Sandown on Saturday. Retiring AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race on Saturday if he can secure mounts. There is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35.
Northampton v Saracens: Tom Wood ready for 50 scrum sessions as Saints look to bounce back. A bruising training session involving 50 scrums is how Tom Wood’s Northampton prepared for Saturday's top-of-the-table meeting with SaracENS. The Champions have creaked in recent weeks and England flanker Wood is desperate to re-gather the momentum that was lost following the exodus of key international players during the RBS 6 Nations.
Scotland youth international Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season. The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop, capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side.
Gloucester face hearing over Mariano Galarza selection. Aviva Premiership club Gloucester will face a Rugby Football Union hearing after selecting lock Mariano Galarza for their league game against Sale Sharks last month. The RFU has said he should have been ineligible for the match.
Manu Tuilagi: I'm taking my rehab 'week by week' as I look to return to action in time for World Cup. England centre Manu Tuilagi is taking his rehabilitation 'week by week' as the powerhouse midfielder continues his recovery from a troublesome groin injury that has sidelined him for most of the season. Manu has been out of action since October and missed the autumn internationals as well as England's entire Six Nations campaign.
World Cup threat for England and Wales after Australia U-turn on Matt Giteau. The master playmaker has been an outstanding force for Toulon in the French club's back-to-back Heineken Cup triumphs and Top 14 title success last season. Now, four years after his Test career appeared to be over when he was left out for the last World Cup, the 32-year-old has discovered that he is eligible to play for the Wallabies again.
Vunipola, Armitage and Abendanon shortlisted for European Player of the Year award. Saracens No 8 Billy Vunipsola, Toulon flanker Steffon Armitages and Clermont full back Nick Abendan have all been shortlisted for the European Player of the Year award following their superb performances in this season's European Champions Cup. VUNIPOLA starred for Mark McCall's side throughout the pool stages.
Michael Allen joins Edinburgh on two-year deal. Edinburgh have confirmed that Ulster back Michael Allen will join the club this summer. The 24-year-old, who can play either at wing or centre, joins Alan Solomons' side.
Andy Farrell: England are in great shape ahead of World Cup. It may be another 149 days until England begin their World Cup campaign against Fiji at Twickenham, but England assistant coach Andy Farrell can already feel the excitement building across the country. Stuart Lancaster’s side will take on the South Sea Islanders in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18 at England HQ.
Dav Davy McGregor suffered the sickening injury to his ear while playing for Heriot's Racing Club. The former Ulster hooker took to Twitter to show off his battle scars but it's not for the feint-hearted.
Australian Rugby Union changes rules to allow experienced Wallabies to be selected for test matches. The ARU reacted to the flood of top players heading abroad on Wednesday with a groundbreaking policy shift which will allow experienced players playing at foreign clubs to be eligible to continue their international careers even if they are signed to a club overseas. Other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in Australia for two seasons.
England's Mike Brown could miss the rest of the season after failing to recover from concussion. England full back Mike Brown is still showing signs of concussion and may not play again until the World Cup warm-up matches in August. Nine weeks after being knocked out in the RBS 6 Nations Test against Italy, Brown has taken no part in training or team meetings since he returned to Harlequins.
Leicester have announced a move for Super Rugby lock Mike Fitzgerald. The 28-year-old has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions, and the England captain is part of three of them. They follow:..
Joe Root's unbeaten 118 came with England posting a 74-run lead at the end of day three, while the score of 373 for six was also down to some impressive batting from England's top order. Captain Alastair Cook got 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59) at the top before Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root.
Marlon Samuels sends Ben Stokes on his way with military-style salute. Stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day when he smashed a Devendra Bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg. The Durham all-rounder muttered under his breath as he walked past the West Indian.
Al Alastair Cook hangs his head in disbelief after wasting a golden opportunity to end his long wait for a century before the man who seems destined to succeed him as England captain showed how to do it. England's Joe Root celebrates his century and is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test against the West Indies.
Stuart Broad backs Alastair Cook to hit century to put England in winning position against West Indies. Stuart Broad backed Alastair Cook to hit the Test century that has eluded him for 33 innings on Thursday and put England in a winning position in the second Test. Broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year to take three wickets for 19 here in Grenada.
Alastair Cook becomes England’s second highest Test run-scorer. When Cook slapped a Kemar Roach full toss to the boundary in the early stages of his reply to West Indies' 299 on Wednesday, he moved beyond Alec Stewart into second place among England's great Test accumulators.
Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring and will be sidelined for up to three months. The pugnacious opener, captain of Australia's Twenty20 team, sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League.
Ben Stokes in war of words with Marlon Samuels after hard-fought opening day of second Test. Stokes had earlier twisted his hip on the greasy outfield and had lengthy treatment. But he recovered to take the key wicket of Shiv Chanderpaul with his second ball.
Alastair Cook's form took a turn for the worse. With overcast conditions and moisture in the air, it’s easy to see why the out-of-nick England captain put West Indies in to bat. On Test Match Special, Graeme Swann revealed the exact moment his form with the bat took a wrong turn.
Kawhi Leonard scores 32 points as Spurs beat Clippers in Game 3. A play-off career high 32 points from Kawhi Leonard helped the San Antonio Spurs on their way to a 100-73 mauling of the Los Angeles Clippers in Game 3 on Friday. The newly crowned Defensive Player of the Year was in excellent form for the reigning NBA champions as they took a 2-1 series lead.
Zara Phillips pulls out of Rolex Kentucky after High Kingdom suffers injury. The horse was being tacked up in his stable ahead of its early evening test, UK time, when he kicked out and suffered a cut leg. High Kingdom is still entered at Badminton, so we will see how he is when he gets back to the UK.
Curry scores 40 as Warriors beat Pelicans in OT. Golden State's Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation to complete a 20-point, fourth-quarter comeback that allowed the Golden State Warriors to beat New Orleans 123-119 in overtime Thursday. The dramatic win by the Warriors was mirrored by Chicago's double-overtime victory over Milwaukee.
Michael van Gerwen and Gary Anderson have topsy-turvy nights in Betway Premier League. World No 1 Van Gerwen impressed as he brushed James Wade aside as he cruised to a 7-0 win and booked a place in May's play-offs at the 02. Anderson, on the other hand, lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting.
Judd Trump beats Stuart Carrington to reach second round of the World Championship. Judd Trump was in confident mood after safely moving through to the second round at the Betfred World Championship in Sheffield. The 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face Marco Fu in the next round.
Paula Radcliffe: 'I was close to pulling out' of London Marathon. A celebrity doctor known as ‘Healing Hans’ has played a key role in getting world record holder Paula Radcliffe to the start line for Sunday’s London Marathon. ‘I’ve just been there so many times and this time I just thought it doesn’t matter if I run it in three hours or 2:45.’.
Valverde wins Fleche Wallonne as Froome finishes 123rd. Alejandro Valver de successfully defended his title on Wednesday as Chris Froome finished back in 123rd after a fall. Movistar's Movistar rider sprinted to victory ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini.
Ronnie O'Sullivan urged Britain's shoemakers to spare him Crucible agony after getting through three pairs in a chaotic start to his Betfred World Snooker Championship campaign. The five-time former champion was a 10-3 winner against Craig Steadman, a 32-year-old from Manchester who endured a painful Crucible debut.
Chris Paul and Luol Deng to play in first-ever NBA game in Africa. Africa will host it's first ever NBA match this summer with basketball stars Chris Paul (left) and Deng (right) taking part in an exhibition match. The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format at the iconic Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Wizards, Cavaliers, Rockets take 2-0 leads in first-round playoff series. Washington, Cleveland and Houston all earned 2-1 leads in their NBA first- round playoff series with victories on Tuesday, continuing the previous day's pattern. All five of the series that have played two games now stand at two-0, with the Wizards and Rockets joining Monday's winners Chicago and Golden State with the early two-game buffer.
Reanne Evans' 10-year reign as women's world snooker champion comes to a shock end. REANNE EVANS saw her 10 year reign as world women's champion come to an end on Tuesday. The 29-year-old from Dudley earlier this month lost narrowly to Ken Doherty in the first round of qualifying for the Crucible-staged Betfred World Championship.
Ding Ding Junhui screwed up his chance of a rare maximum 147 break at the world snooker championship on Tuesday. Ding potted 12 reds and 12 blacks to rack up 96 points but after knocking in the 13th red he screwed back up the table.
Bulls beat Bucks to take 2-0 lead in NBA play-offs. Jimmy Butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game with 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 on Monday to take a two-game lead in their first-round series. Chicago's Derrick Rose scored all of his 15 points in the second half after dominating in the series opener.
Neil Robertson reveals new practice repertoire after storming into second round of World Snooker Championship. The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones in Sheffield. Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before and believes it will help him finally fulfil his potential and become a multiple winner of the sport's major crowns.
Arsene Wenger wants Cesc Fabregas to be shown the ‘respect he deserves’ when he returns to the Emirates Stadium in the blue of Chelsea on Sunday. The problem with that is a decent chunk of Arsenal’s supporters feel he doesn’t deserve much.
Gabriel Agbonlahor shows he pulls no punches where fitness is concerned. The Aston Villa striker unleashes a flurry of punches as he closes in on a return to first-team action.
Premier League relegation battle: What will it take for your club to stay in the Premier League?. It's truly squeaky bum time in the relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams.
Burn Burnley manager Sean Dyche has attempted to protect out-of-sorts striker Danny Ings by calling on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League. Ings, strongly linked with a move to Manchester United or Liverpool when his contract at Turf Moor runs out in the summer, hasn't scored since February 11 — a run of eight matches.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if Crystal Palace were offered £40-60million. The Selhurst Park manager believes selling one star for big money can help rejuvenate an entire squad.
Roberto Martinez insists keeping Kevin Mirallas happy is key to holding on to him in the summer. There has been plenty of speculation about the Belgium international.
Sir Philip Carter: Former Everton chairman and life president Sir Phillip Carter dies aged 87. He was 87. Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the FA.
Rom Romelu Lukaku dealt with racism as a youngster by using it as an added motivation to score goals. The Belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez insists the focus has to be on getting the most out of Aaron Lennon's loan spell before thoughts even turn to a permanent deal. The Tottenham winger has been one of the more impressive performers since moving to Goodison Park in the winter transfer window.
Sportsmail's verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years. With six games to go - five for QPR and seven for Leicester - there are just four points separating the bottom five sides in the Premier League. As things stand the three promoted clubs, Leicester, Burnley and QPR, would make an immediate return to the championship.
Steve Bruce confident he can keep Hull City in Premier League. Steve Bruce is adamant he can save Hull City from relegation after a 2-0 defeat by Southampton left them battling to stay up. At the start of the campaign Bruce was targeting 10 wins to survive, but despite a strong start his Hull side have mustered just six and he is hoping 'nine or eight might be enough.'.
Leicester City midfielder Esteban Cambiasso is wanted by Delhi Dynamos for India's I-League. The former Real Madrid and Inter Milan midfielder signed a one-year.
Brendan Rodgers has launched an impassioned defence of his abilities, insisting there is nobody better equipped to manage Liverpool under the Fenway Sports Group model. It has been a difficult week for Rodgers, with the meek manner of last Sunday’s 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final ensuring his position has come under scrutiny like at no point during his three-year reign at the club.
Steve McClaren calls speculation linking him with Newcastle job as 'disrespectful'. McClaren admitted there had been interest in him from Newcastle around the turn of the year, when Alan Pardew left as manager to take over at Crystal Palace. But with John Carver since appointed, the Rams head coach is reluctant to discuss the continuing reports.
Newcastle United interim manager John Carver has called for unity at the club following a divisive season. At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James' Park for the club's last home game against Spurs.
Leroy Fer set to be rushed back from knee injury to give QPR boost in relegation fight. The 25-year-old Dutch midfielder has not appeared since he damaged medial ligaments in his knee during in a 2-0 win at Sunderland in mid-February, when he opened the scoring. He is back in training and manager Chris Ramsey hopes to have him in the squad for Saturday's London derby.
QPR boss Chris Ramsey believes three wins from last five games will be enough to secure top flight status. Rangers are in the drop zone of the Barclays Premier League with 28 points as they prepare for a London derby at home to West Ham. Ramsey spoke of his dismay at the nature of the late defeat.
Southampton supporters are planning on turning St Mary’s orange when they face Tottenham on Saturday to shun former manager Mauricio Pochettino. Fans are campaigning to show support for their Dutch manager Ronald Koeman, his brother and assistant head coach Erwin Koeman and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg.
Jack Butland reveals he voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year. The 22-year-old Stoke City goalkeeper is bidding to be the first England captain to lift the European Under 21 championship since Dave Sexton's team won the trophy in 1984. Harry Kane is expected to be a big part of their team as they attempt to end 31 years of hurt.
Stoke City close on Standard Liege starlet Thibaut Verlinden. The 15-year-old midfielder is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad.
Stoke open talks over contract extension for Asmir Begovic. Mark Hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension with in-demand goalkeeper Asmir begovic following Stoke's 2-1 win over Southampton. The Bosnian is highly-rated and has attracted interest from several top clubs, including La Liga's Real Madrid.
Barclays Premier League team of the day. Every weekend, Sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters.
Swansea City revive interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede. Swansea City have revived their interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede. Manager Garry Monk has made a striker his priority for the summer.
Leicester City 2-1 Swansea City: Leonardo Ulloa gives Leicester the lead, scoring from Wes Morgan's knock down. When even injuries are working in Leicester's favour, the other teams around the relegation zone should begin to worry. This was his first goal in four months.
HarryHarry Kane's celebrations this season have always shown him to be an animated young man when he's on the pitch - but now he is being animated off it as well. The Tottenham sensation, who has broken through into the first team, and into Roy Hodgson's England side during a remarkable season, is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Season. And now the Spurs striker features in a clever new animation, which features some of Kane's best goals, and celebrations from the season.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis relishes underdog tag as they start nightmare run-in. West Brom will embrace their challenge against the big hitters as the Baggies try to reach his 40 points survival target. The Baggies host Liverpool on Saturday eight points above the Barclays Premier League relegation zone.
Sebastien Pocognoli has risked the wrath of his manager Tony Pulis, after publicly stating his confusion at losing his place in the West Brom team. The Belgian defender was an important player under Alan Irvine but since he left the club, the left back has found his game time limited.
Harry Kane tops EA Sports' Premier League Performance Index. Harry Kane scored his 30th goal in all competitions for Tottenham this season on Sunday and the PFA Player of the Year nominee tops this week's EA Sports' Performance Index after another intriguing round of Premier League action. Kane, who is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award, netted Spurs' third in their 3-1 win at Newcastle United at the weekend.
West Hammers announce new season-ticket structure ahead of move to Olympic Stadium. West Ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when the club move to the Olympic Stadium next year.
Former Celtic star Andre Blackman tried to dodge performing unpaid work for shoplifting from Harrods - after claiming it would disrupt his search for a new club. Blackman, 24, stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from the world famous store in Knightsbridge.
Adam Rooney: I don’t want to see Celtic win the league on our patch. Adam Rooney is determined to prevent a season of outstanding personal achievement from ending with a sting its tail. The prospect of watching Celtic celebrate title glory inside Pittodrie would, he admits, be a painful experience.
ChrisChris Sutton has told the SFA they must hold bungling officials to account. The former Celtic striker has branded additional official Alan Muir 'idiotic' for failing to see a handball by Inverness Caley Thistle defender Josh Meekings.
Inverness vow to fight SFA bid to ban Josh Meekings from Scottish Cup Final. Meeking was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer Tony McGlennan after handling a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths in Sunday's controversial semi-final. After losing 3-2 following extra-time, Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification'.
Ronny Deila bemoaned the refereeing blunder which cost ten-man Celtic side a crack at a rare domestic treble. Virgil van Dijk's sublime 16th free-kick gave Celtic a dream start to their Scottish Cup semi-final clash with Inverness. But the Parkhead side were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant Alan Muir failed to spot a goalline handball from Josh Meekings.
John Hartson urges Celtic to move on from Hampden injustice. Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while Celtic were 2-1 down in an Old Firm League Cup final and the Welshman went on to miss a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time. But he refused to dwell on the match officials' error.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall says he is already working on a dossier of signing targets for next season - even though he may not be around to parade them. The interim Ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign after being lured back to his old club to kick-start their faltering promotion bid.
Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes' about their recent Scottish Cup exit. In 1989, Brown was part of the Ibrox side which contested an Old Firm Scottish Cup final with two trophies already banked. He was involved in a touchline tussle with Roy Aitken that saw the Celtic skipper seize the ball and take a throw-in that should have gone the other way.
Rangers board hold first meeting with Mike Ashley. The Rangers board have held their first meeting since assuming control at Ibrox. Interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley and other members of the Sports Direct hierarchy on Wednesday.
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club. The Ibrox legend worked closely with Alistair Darling and Kenny McDowall before the duo assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch.
Former Rangers defender John Brown insists Ally McCoist will be welcomed back to Ibrox 'with open arms.'. The club's record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his surprise appearance appeared at last month's general meeting.
Walter Smith: 'It would obviously be better if Dave King could be involved at Rangers'. Walter Smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities. Two years since he stepped down as chairman of Rangers, the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears. A declaration of peace in our time is premature.
Real Madrid star Isco unhappy with life at the Bernabeu after losing his place in the starting line-up. Despite being one of Real Madrid's best players this season, in the absence of injured Colombian playmaker James Rodriguez, Isco fell straight back out of the team when Rodriguez returned to fitness. And when he was asked about whether he understood the decision, he was forthright in his criticism of Carlo Ancelotti's choice.
Tim Sherwood insists Aston Villa are prepared for their final survival fight as he backed his side to stay up. Villa go to Manchester City on Saturday, looking good at four points above the bottom three and with an FA Cup final against Arsenal ahead next month.
Bac Bacary Sagna insists he does not regret leaving Arsenal for Manchester City last summer. The France international has played only 16 times for City this season in an underwhelming campaign.
Arsene Wenger insists his woeful record against Jose Mourinho will have no bearing on Arsenal's top-of-the-table clash with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Mourinho across the Portuguese coach's two spells at Stamford Bridge.
Maur Pochettino blames Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy this season on the Europa League campaign. Of 10 Barclays Premier League matches kicking off at 12.00, 12.45 or 1.30, Spurs have won two.
Bayern Munich should replace Pep Guardiola with Lucien Favre, says Ottmar Hitzfeld. Former Bayern Munich manager Ottmar Hitzfeld believes the German giants should replace Pep Guardiola with Borussia Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre. The Spaniard, who has been in the dugout at the Allianz Arena since last season, has yet to commit his future to Bayern beyond the end of his contract.
El Clasico would be a defining chapter to Europe's grandest derby. Four genuine European heavyweights remain in the Champions League, a quartet steeped in history and silverware. Between Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Juventus.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract, claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola 'would not go to a club like Manchester City' and will stay at the club until June 30, 2016, the club's CEO said on Thursday. Guardiola, who joined in 2013 after winning 14 titles in four seasons at Barcelona and taking a year out, has been a top target for several European clubs.
Floyd Mayweather takes the plunge in the Cryosauna. Floyd Mayweather might insist his skills haven't diminished with age but at 38, the world's best boxer does need a little help to keep niggling injuries at bay. With his $300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao less than two weeks away, Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training. The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen and Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber.
Manny Pacquiao: 'Boxing is still my passion. I do it to please the fans, for give them excitement in return.'.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr recalls the reaction of his friends on the day he set himself up as an independent boxing business and told them: 'The time will come when I make a hundred million dollars in one night.' He says: 'They told me I was crazy.'
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit with more than three weeks still to go before he meets Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century. Mayweather was photographed taking the scales for the WBC’s mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight.
Manny Pacquiao gets personalised speed ball from celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro. Manny Pacman hardly needs added motivation to work hard ahead of his May 2 mega-fight against Floyd Mayweather, but a personalised gift has provided some nevertheless. The Pacman laughed with trainer Freddie Roach on Monday after Shapiro gave him a custom-made speed ball with Mayweather's face painted on it.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr takes to swimming pool ahead of mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao. The 38-year-old boxer caused a splash as he took to the pool before completing a few lengths as his trainer looked on during his Sunday session. It looks as though everything is going swimmingly for Floyd Mayweather Jr as he continues his Manny Pacquaio mega fight preparations. The video posted to his Instagram also shows him testing his muscles against the resistance of the water.
Iyanna Mayweather shares her thoughts on life in training camp with Floyd Mayweather. As the countdown continues to Floyd Mayweather's mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2, The Money Man's daughter Iyanna Mayweather has shared her thoughts about life in training with her champion father. Mayweather vs Pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $300 million in what is being billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's training intensity hits new heights. With the date of their hugely anticipated bout less than a month away, Floyd Mayweather has hit gruelling levels ahead of the clash in Las Vegas. Mayweather is as renowned for showing off his extravagant lifestyle as he is for going undefeated in his professional career.
FloydMayweather is known as 'Money' and the boxing superstar gave a further glimpse to his incredible wealth on Wednesday. The 38-year-old took to his Shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet. Accompanied with the caption 'Air Mayweather,' the WBA and WBC welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand The Money Team.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will cost US viewers $100. American boxing fans will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) if they want to watch Floyd Mayweather's showdown with MannyPacquiao. TV companies HBO and Showtime, both of whom will broadcast the fight in the States, confirmed the recommended prices for the May 2 battle.
Arsenal vs Liverpool: Team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture. Here is all the information you need for Arsenal's home clash with Liverpool.
All you need to know about this weekend's Premier League fixtures. Ahead of this weekend’s Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need for every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats.
Sevilla, Napoli, Fiorentina and Dnipro: Europa League semi-final draw. Once again UEFA's second club competition has thrown up an interesting mix in the last four. Here's how the draw unfolded.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the manager's job – but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini. Txiki Begiristain, City’s director of football met the Borussia Dortmund manager and concluded that he was not the right fit for City – and the club went on to appoint Manuel Pellegrini. The Dortmund boss will leave the club at the end of this season.
Martin Samuel: Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their new exciting adventure at the Olympic Stadium. Martin Samuel's brilliant column on Jack Grealish.
Jurgen Klopp would be perfect for Arsenal, says Nigel Winterburn. The 47-year-old has long been linked with taking over from Wenger, but the Frenchman has two years left on his contract. Klopp is on the radar of a number of top clubs.
Thomas Tuchel to replace Jurgen Klopp as Borussia Dortmund manager. Four days after Klopp announced he believes he has taken the club as far as he can and is seeking pastures new, Dortmund have revealed Tomas Tuchel will take over in July on a three-year deal. Tuchel carved a name for himself at German club Mainz. A year into Klopp's tenure at Dortmund, Tuchel took over at the age of 36.
KenyaKenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of marathon world record holder Dennis Kimetto and other top stars while it investigates the spike in doping among the country's runners. Athletics Kenya president Isaiah Kiplagat announced the decision Monday to suspend two athlete management companies, the Netherlands' Volare Sports and Italy's Rosa & Associati.
Football Football has long been hailed as the game the working man enjoys watching from the terraces. If the general election were confined to voting by football fans, it looks like Labour might win by a landslide.
Usain Bolt wants to break 200-metre world record by running under 19 seconds. The six-time Olympic gold medallist is currently in Rio de Janeiro, acclimatising ahead of next year's Olympic Games in the Brazilian capital, and will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100 metres challenge on Sunday. The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin and Bolt is confident he could shave two tenths off that time.
Usain Bolt takes three shots on the basketball court and converts all three on trip to Brazil. The six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three more in Rio. He won three in 2008 in Beijing and three in London in 2012.
Rotherham to find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding ineligible player before the weekend. Manager Steve Evans has revealed that his side will find out if they will face a possible points deduction for fielding an ineligible player in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday. The Millers have vowed to fight the charge, hiring top QC Jim Sturman to defend them.
Rotherham 1-1 Fulham: Symons admits his side were second best. Faithless’ dance anthem ‘Insomnia’ booms out seconds before games at Fulham, and it’s rather apt for Kit Symons. His sleepless nights must be becoming all the more frequent as these haunting weeks go by.
Garry Monk insists Newcastle's players will not be affected by any supporters' protests at St James' Park on Saturday. The Magpies have lost their last six Barclays Premier League games under caretaker manager John Carver.
Tiger Woods suffers bizarre injury on ninth hole at Masters. Tiger Woods will be wondering if he can ever catch a break after suffering a bizarre injury at the Masters on Sunday. At five-under-par on his second shot on the ninth, Woods found himself 470 yards from the hole.
Javier Hernandez would have been in no doubt how important his decisive goal for Real Madrid was in the Champions League quarter-final against city rivals Atletico Madrid. French defender Raphael Varane uploaded an astonishing video to Twitter of the fire-hot arrival Madrid's players were given from their supporters, who mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation 'Live from the bus before the match!
Raf Rafa Benitez is a man in demand. The Spaniard's name is being uttered once again across the boardrooms of Europe this morning.
Yaya Toure wants to meet with Manchester City to thrash out his future, according to his controversial agent. Toure's days at the Etihad Stadium may be numbered.
PSG need more time to reach the top. Paris Saint-Germain's then sports director Leonardo declared the club were ready for tougher competitions in Europe two years ago. Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final exit suggests they need time.
Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback in Wasps' Aviva Premiership clash with Leicester on May 9. Launchbury has been sidelined since October because of a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck.
Swansea striker Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury. The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke.
Jack Wilshere can be the future of Arsenal's midfield, but his injury record could turn him into another Abou Diaby, fears club legend Ray Parlour. The 23-year-old was on the bench against Reading at Wembley on Saturday after five months out through injury.
Premier League clubs are the most followed clubs in China. On Wednesday, Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers. Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m).
Jordan Spieth visits the Empire State Building after winning the Masters. Fresh from his Masters triumph, Spieth took in the press attention which included his trip to the top of the 25th-tallest completed skyscraper in the world which was lit up in green and yellow later in the evening. Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory, including equalling the 18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997 and becoming the championship's second-youngest winner of all time.
Alexis Sanchez: 'Every Arsenal player has amazing quality'. Arsenal star Alexis Sanchez says he is'very proud' to have joined the north London club and has been impressed by the quality of his team-mates.
Who will win this season's Champions League?. The semi-final line-up for the Champions League has been confirmed and, although there may be no English involvement, four European giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent.
Patrice Evra: Juventus called upon quintessential Italian traits to beat Monaco. Patrice Evra believes Juventus called upon quintreme Italian traits in securing their route to the Champions League semi-finals, describing the Sere A side's defeat of Monaco as 'ugly'. Massimiliano Allegri's team secured a 0-0 draw at the Stade Louis II.
England coach John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria. The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year, and progressed to this edition with.
Hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster. Photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released, with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward.
Jordan Henderson insists he couldn't be happier after completing the formalities of signing his new long-term contract. The 24-year-old Liverpool midfielder put pen to paper on Thursday morning on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week that will keep him at Anfield until the summer of 2020.
Gareth Bale has missed out on just eight starts in Real Madrid's 50 matches this term, but his team-mates have picked up a 100 per cent win record when he has been away, scoring 25 and conceding just one goal. The Welshman has received some criticism from sections of the Bernabeu support despite a bright start in Madrid.
Chelsea are interested in Fulham goalkeeper Marcus Bettinelli. Manager Jose Mourinho was in the crowd at Craven Cottage last Wednesday to watch the 22-year-old.
Pep Guardiola: 'Only the treble is enough' for Bayern Munich as they attempt to overturn 3-1 deficit against Porto. Under pressure Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola has revealed that 'only a treble' is enough for his team as they try to overturn their 3-0 deficit against Portuguese side Porto in the Champions League. Bayern host the Portuguese side on Tuesday and Guardiola is confident the Bundesliga leaders will emerge victorious. 'I am completely convinced that my players will take their chances,' Guardiola said.
Thiago Alcantara would never have signed for Manchester United even if David Moyes had wanted him. Once Pep Guardiola had made it clear he required the midfelder at Bayern Munich, it was pointless for United to continue their pursuit anyway. Thiago is the most technically-gifted central midfielder who has ever played for Bayern.
Pep Guardiola hit his critics for six as Bayern Munich trounced Porto to reach the Champions League semi-finals on Tuesday night. It was an emphatic statement of intent.
Phil Neville: Keeping David de Gea at Manchester United would be the biggest signing this summer. Keeping David De Gea would be Manchester United's biggest summer signing, says Phil Neville. The Spanish keeper has impressed for Louis van Gaal's side this season.
Southampton are the club punching heaviest above their weight in the Premier League in terms of performance compared with wages paid to players while Chelsea are also over-achieving, latest figures have revealed. Saints are only ranked 16th in the top flight in terms of their wage bill - £55.2million - and yet are currently seventh in the table.
Radamel Falcao could still sign permanently for Manchester United after chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday over the striker’s future. The Colombian has scored just four times for United since his season-long loan move from Monaco.
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United after he cracked three ribs during the club's U21 clash with Leicester on Monday. The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer.
Manchester United put in £21.5m bid for Dortmund captain Mats Hummels, according to German newspaper Bild. The Germans value their captain at £35million but in United's favour he has had a relatively poor season.
Man Utd target Ilkay Gundogan. Manchester United have begun the search for Michael Carrick's long-term replacement, with Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan a prime contender to fill the role. Manager Louis van Gaal has been hugely impressed.
Adam Adam Federici will put his Wembley blunder behind him when Reading take on Birmingham in the Sky Bet Championship. The Australian goalkeeper let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as the Royals were narrowly beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in Saturday's FA Cup semi-final.
Adam Federici apologises for FA Cup semi-final gaffe to Arsenal fans. Reading goalkeeper Adam Federaci has taken to Twitter to apologise for his crucial gaffe in Saturday's FA Cup defeat to Arsenal. With the game finishing 1-1 after 90 minutes, the Australian inexplicably let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time.
Alexis Sanchez is developing a fondness for Wembley Stadium. Two goals for Chile against England were followed by two goals in the FA Cup semi-final against Reading.
Roy Keane: PSG defender David Luiz looks 'lost' after Barcelona double. Roy Keane described Paris Saint-Germain defender David Luiz as "lost" following his woeful first-half performance against Barcelona on Tuesday night. The £50million former Chelsea man was at fault for both goals as Neymar sent the Ligue 1 side out of the Champions League with little more than a whimper.
UEFA has published Champions League regulations for next season confirming a seeding change to reward national league winners. Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 to reach Champions League semi-finals. Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola weathered his first major crisis at the German club after his team crushed Porto on Tuesday to move into the Champions League last four. The Spaniard in his second season in charge was with his back to the wall after their surprise 3-1 first leg defeat in Portugal.
Pep Guardiola was left purring at Bayern Munich's first-half performance against Porto as the club put a turbulent week behind them to storm in to the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola looks animated as he issues instructions from the touchline at the Allianz Arena.
Sol Campbell sells £6.75m Chelsea flat to avoid mansion tax. The polls might have the parties neck-and-neck – but it looks like Sol Campbell is taking no chances. For the second time this year, the former England footballer is selling a multi-million pound property – leading to speculation he wants to dodge Labour’s mansion tax if the party wins the election.
5 things we learned from Barcelona's crushing victory over PSG. It was one of Barcelona's easier nights in the Champions League as Luis Enrique's team brushed aside Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 at the Nou Camp to reach the semi-finals. The 5-1 aggregate victory never looked in doubt as the Spanish side showed signs of returning to their brilliant best.
West Ham close in on signing Jamaican starlet DeShane Beckford. West Ham are discussing a deal for Jamaican teenage starlet deshane bECKFORD after he impressed on trial. The skilful 17-year-old forward from Montego Bay United was invited to train with West Ham's academy earlier this month.
West Ham confident Olympic Stadium deal does not constitute state aid. West Ham are confident that the deal to move into the Olympic Stadium does not contravene domestic or European legislation and 'categorically' stated that it does not contain state aid. The Premier League club are set to move in 2016-17.
Andres Iniesta claims he 'never went away' in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain. The Spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season, prompting critics to suggest the 30-year-old was on the decline. But Iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes in his side's Champions League quarter-final second-leg victory over PSG.
Kenny Bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2. The appointment will be welcomed by both camps.
Kenny Bayless will need little introduction to either fighter, having previously worked five of Mayweather's bouts and seven of Pacquiao's. In fact, he oversaw the former's professional debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996.
Barry Hawkins keeps his nerve to beat Matthew Selt in final frame decider at Crucible. Barry Hawkins kept his nerve in the first round of the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield as he came from behind to win 10-9 against Matthew 'Selt' Selt. The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on Monday with a 7-2 overnight lead.
John Higgins and Graeme Dott lead Scottish charge at Betfred World Championships. Crucible thoroughbreds John Higgins led the Scottish charge on Sunday with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins, and looked to be approaching the form that last saw him take the title four years ago. The 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session.
Augusta National: POULTER’S PURPLE PATCH. Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth. Wearing a loud purple number, the Englishman reflected on a missed chance. ‘The way I’ve played at the weekend was a highlight,’ he said.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral. Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears on Saturday as thousands of fans waited outside to greet the couple. Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral and one of the biggest cheer so far has been reserved for Judy Murray, who arrived just before 4.00pm.
Champions League. As the Champions League quarter-finals are settled this week, players from Manchester City, Chelsea, Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United will watch on with jealousy at a number of their former team-mates.
Txiki Begiristain was on the 10.30am Lufthansa flight out of Manchester for Munich on Tuesday morning. It’s the week of the Champions League quarter-finals, therefore the Manchester City director of football would have expected to be on the move.
XXabi Alonso could become only the second player to win the Champions League with three different teams. The only other player to have done so is AC Milan legend Clarence Seedorf.
Sam Allardyce reveals reason behind his furious rant at fourth official Robert Madley at Manchester City. The Hammers boss was incensed that Eliaquim Mangala was not penalised for a foul against Stewart Downing, who managed to stay on his feet despite a late challenge from City’s £32million defender. Referee Anthony Taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play.
West Ham defender Carl Jenkinson: 'We want to kick on'. West Ham are determined to ensure their season does not end with a whimper, according to defender Jenkinson. The Hammers' once promising campaign has tailed off, with a run of just one win in 11 Barclays Premier League games seeing the club slip from Champions League contention.
Glenn Roeder and former Hull City chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the Owls to the Premier League. The off-field team has been put in place by Dejphon Chansiri, the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric. Roeder is vastly experienced while Pearson led Hull's first climb to the top flight.
Tim Sherwood's five reasons for Aston Villa's FA Cup final success. Just ten games. That is all Tim Sherwood has needed to bring Aston Villa out from the morgue and into life. Rigor mortis was setting in when he took over the club.
Martina Hingis outplayed by Agnieszka Radwanska in Fed Cup. Fifteen-times grand slam champion Martina Hingis made a courageously impressive return to big-time singles tennis in the Fed Cup on Saturday but was eventually outplayed by Agniezka Radwansk. The former World No 1 was defeated 6-4, 6-0 by the world number nine.
Bayern Munich join Manchester United and Liverpool in race for Memphis Depay. Bayern Munich have joined Manchester United in the race to sign PSV Eindhoven star Memphis Depuy. The 21-year-old has played a starring role in PSV's Eredivisie title success this season.
The FA and Premier League — never great at the best of times — has deteriorated further with the ridiculous clash of fixtures on Saturday. Both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders, Sky and the BBC, scheduling the marquee.
Chelsea 1-0 Manchester United: Van Gaal's team are coming for Chelsea and this is what English football needs. There was a mild tremor felt in the room when Louis van Gaal banged a fist on the table to reinforce his point. The eruption follows next season.
Eden Hazard has joined Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo as one of the best three players in world football. Hazard scored Chelsea's 38th minute winner against Manchester United and is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year on Sunday.
Liverpool have been given the go-ahead to install a privacy screen around their Melwood training ground. The club has grown concerned that confidential team details have been leaked out before matches as opportune observers and photographers watch their training sessions.
Juventus are monitoring Liverpool wideman Raheem Sterling as the Serie A side look to strengthen. Sterling and his advisors have told Liverpool they want to stave off discussions over a new contract until the close season.
StevenSteven Gerrard hoped his Liverpool career would end at Wembley but now the curtain will fall in Stoke. The dream was for Gerrard to end his 25-year association with Liverpool by lifting the FA Cup on his 35th birthday before starting his new adventure with LA Galaxy yet now the prospect is nothing like so glamorous.
Liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from Anfield. Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy, while defender Glen Johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer.
Amir Khan could face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi. Out there in the desert, the mirage continues to shimmer for Amir Khan. The identity of the challenge becomes blurred in the haze. First it looks like Floyd Mayweather.
Michael Conlan on verge of pulling out of must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight and claiming a dramatic win to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games alongside team-mate Paddy Barnes. Both Belfast boxers (bronze medallists at London 2012), were in action for the Italia Thunder franchise in Venezuela on Saturday night, with the pair needing victories to book flights to Rio.
MannyPacquiao will be wearing the world's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the MGM Grand Garden Arena with Floyd Mayweather on May 2. The richest fight of all time, said to be worth.
10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of Premier League fixtures, as well as intriguing statistics from the Football League. Frank Lampard's role at Manchester City was always planned as being just a bit part player.
Liverpool's FA Cup semi-final defeat has put the club under scrutiny and guaranteed this campaign will be judged a failure. Are Liverpool heading for mediocrity? Or is there sufficient talent to ensure the mistakes are corrected and progress can be resumed?.
Cleverley hails Sherwood's style and insists Aston Villa's attacking gambles are paying off. Tom Cleverley has hailed Tim Sherwood’s style and insisted Aston Villa¿s attacks are paying dividends. The midfielder helped Villa reach the FA Cup final after their 2-1 last-four victory over Liverpool on Sunday.
David Moyes reveals Chelsea were close to signing Wayne Rooney. Moyes, who gave Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton, succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson in the summer of 2013. The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure from Goodison Park in 2004, but Moyes fought hard to retain the United forward's services at Old Trafford.
Wayne Rooney and Louis van Gaal took consolation in defeat after Manchester United's performance in the 1-0 loss at Chelsea. Injury-depleted United slipped to defeat.
Eden Hazard wheels away to celebrate his 13th Premier League goal of the season as De Gea slowly rises to his feet after conceding The finish was both ruthless and decisive, all titles are required Eden Hazard celebrates with Didier Drogba in front of a section of home fans at Stamford Bridge Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea - CLICK HERE for more in our Match Zone
Eden Hazard has been the best player in the Premier League all season and on Saturday he demonstrated just how much he has grown as a player and how important he has been to Chelsea’s imminent title victory. He is now the player you look to in a crisis.
Chelsea captain John Terry insists there is still work to be done if they are to win the Premier League title. Chelsea skipper John Terry is adamant that there are still two wins needed to clinch the title. Jose Mourinho's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the table.
Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea, even after taking a huge step towards the Barclays Premier League title on Saturday. Eden Hazard's first-half goal gave the league leaders a 1-0 win over Manchester United, but there was controversy when United were denied a late penalty.
Jose Mourinho warns Chelsea they still have work to do. Chelsea moved to the brink of winning the title with a 1-0 win over Manchester United on Saturday, but Jose Mourinho says the race is not over yet. Eden Hazard scored the only goal at Stamford Bridge to move the leaders within two wins of being crowned champions.
Chelsea have a plan to deal with Marouane Fellaini, says Thibaut Courtois. Manchester United have been terrorising opposition defences of late, but Chelsea have been working on a way to cope with the Belgian midfielder. Chelsea goalkeeper Thierrotois has revealed his side will be able to stop Manchester United’s attacking midfielder, but admits he will have to keep an eye on him. Chelsea are confident of winning the Premier League title this season, with Eden Hazard set to win the PFA Player of the Year award.
Bournemouth 2-2 Sheffield Wednesday: Chris Maguire scores late penalty to salvage a draw at Dean Court. They like to play a bit of Queen at their little home in the minutes before their matches start. They might be better served singing The Grand Old Duke of York. Only those 10,000 men on that hill could possibly relate to the absurdities.
Steve Clarke: Arsenal 2-1 Reading in FA Cup semi-final. Steve Clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist. All of a sudden, there was a little extra bounce in his box-fresh training shoes.
Paul Scholes: Salford City boss Gary Neville and the Class of ’92. Scholes, too, punches the air, his face beaming as it once did when he scored a last-minute goal against Manchester City in April 2010. It is a cold, spring night in the heart of Liverpool at a football ground bordering Huyton, where Steven Gerrard grew up. But he is reluctant to leave.
Radamel Falcao has struggled badly at Manchester United this season. You don't have to be an avid follower of Manchester United to know that Radamel Falcao has struggled badly at Old Trafford this year. Goals have been hard to come by for the Colombian, with just four being netted by the striker this season in a United shirt.
Andres Iniesta praises Louis van Gaal for helping him break into the Barcelona first team. Iniesta was Barca manager when Iniesta made his debut for the Spanish club during the 2002-03 campaign, and the Spain international has admitted he is grateful to Van Gaal for placing trust in him to make his senior debut. Barcelona star Iniesta: 'I think my first team debut was the most important day, Iniesta told Barcelona's YouTube channel. 'I'd been dreaming about it for so long.'
Manchester United are to introduce the living wage at Old Trafford in July. At a recent Premier League meeting clubs agreed to adopt the policy.
Wayne Rooney wants to put a smile back on the faces of Manchester United fans by claiming victory in Sunday's derby against City at Old Trafford. Rooney has enjoyed a good record against Manchester City since he joined United in 2004.
Rotor Volgograd wound up after going bankrupt. The team from the Volga region of Russia were competing in the second division in the southern zone, which is effectively Russian football's third tier. Rotor did not play at the Victory Arena which will have a capacity of 45,000 spectators.
Burn Burnley 1-0 Everton. Jose Mourinho might have called it poetic justice as Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half-time.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco at the club after Ross Barkley missed from the spot in their 1-0 win against Burnley at Goodison Park. The untried Barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick – awarded for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon – rather than Leighton Baines, who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League.
Steven Naismith wins Barclays Spirit of the Game Award. He's earned the plaudits of the majority of Everton supporters for his endeavours on-the-pitch, and now Steven Naismsith has been awarded for his generosity off-it too. The Toffees forward is the latest recipient of the Barclays Spirit.
Roberto Martinez: Burnley have shown to every team they play on the front foot. Everton manager Roberto Martinez sees a fearlessness in relegation-threatened Burnley similar to that displayed by his Wigan team in surviving against the odds in the Premier League.
MannyPacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his impending bout with Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. He uploaded a picture to Instagram of one the shirts, named 'fight gear' on the website selling the merchandise, which is black and has 'The Fight of the Century, Mayweather vs Pacquiao' with a picture of the Filipino boxer across it.
Mayweather-Pacquiao tickets still not for sale. Don't expect to snag a £1,000 nosebleed ticket - or any other ticket - at the box office for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. Tickets for the most anticipated fight in recent times have yet to go on public sale, with the two camps and the MGM Grand locked in a stand-off over allotments.
Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry face off in anticipation of Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao. With two weeks to go until Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao finally get in the ring, it seems no-one is immune to being caught up in the hype. With the fight set to gross more than $300million, it is certain to be the biggest in the history of the sport. And even Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry are getting involved as they went face-to-face in the studio.
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood will consider selling Christian Benteke this summer if Aston Villa’s star striker insists he wants to leave the club. The Belgium international scored the only goal of the game as Villa won 1-0 at Tottenham on April 11.
Martin Skrtel has praised the impact Steven Gerrard has had upon him since arriving at Anfield in 2008. Gerrard is aiming to end his Liverpool career by making the FA Cup final and beating Arsenal.
Brendan Rodgers has urged Liverpool to turn Wembley back into 'Anfield South' and believes an FA Cup semi-final victory over Aston Villa on Sunday would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality. Rodgers is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory and his first piece of silverware since replacing Kenny Dalglish as manager in 2012.
Stoke boss Mark Hughes has claimed Tom Jones is costing them a spot in the Europe League via the Fair Play League. Hughes, whose Stoke side occupy 17th place in the Premier League Fair Play standings, believes his side are being harshly marked down because of the 1960s song.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have their respective suspensions for abusing Ligue 1 referees reduced by one match apiece. Paris Saint-Germain striker Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Marseille playmaker Payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee (CNOSF)..
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique urges players to forget Champions League and focus on La Liga title race. Luis Enrique has urged his players to shut the Champions League out of their minds and concentrate on extending their lead at the top of the La Liga table on Saturday. Victory over fourth-placed Valencia will take Enrique's men at least temporarily five points clear.
Luis Suarez says he nutmegged PSG defender David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal. The Barcelona forward scored a brace in his side's 3-1 win over PSG.
Laura Robson dips in ice bath as she nears return to action. The 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 Australian Open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist. But Robson has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month's French Open at Roland Garros.
UEFA's general secretary Gianni Infantino has warned that there will be no choice but to suspend Greece from international football unless the country's government rescinds proposed new laws. The Greek government has put forward a bill which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence and teams prohibited from playing in European competition.
Gareth Bale took to Facebook to wish Real Madrid good luck against city rivals Atletico. The 25-year-old is out of their pivotal Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Stephan Lichtsteiner could tell Eden Hazard and Paul Pogba were going to be special after training with them, and the defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing. 'In training you could just see that he was an incredible player, he had something that nobody else had.'
Leonardo Jardim believes Monaco's march to the Champions League quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve European success. Four years have passed since Dmitry Rybolovlev's takeover prompted a slew of big-name arrivals at the Stade Louis II, with the likes of James Rodriguez and Joao Moutinho signed for hefty transfer fees.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone believes English football needs to 'wake up' after this season’s poor showing in Europe. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the Champions League last 16 stage, and Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round.
Robin Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans both enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game as Manchester United’s Under 21 side drew 1-1 at Leicester. Dutch forward Van Persie has been out of action since February with an ankle injury.
Southampton fear Nathaniel Clyne has already decided his future lies elsewhere as he continues to stall on a new contract. The England right-back enters the final year of his current deal at the end of the season and is yet to agree fresh terms.
Everton have joined Newcastle, Crystal Palace and Southampton by expressing interest in Charlie Austin. The QPR striker has 17 goals so far this season and will leave Loftus Road in the summer.
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager at the end of this season. The Italian was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against Bolton and spoke with Bees owner Matthew Benham.
Sam Allardyce backs Rob Green to challenge Joe Hart for England No 1 spot. Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made a calamitous error in the World Cup against USA in 2010. The QPR goalkeeper allowed a speculative effort to go through his hands and was unable to retrieve it.
Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain this week with the permission of his club PSV Eindhoven. The dialogue between PSG and Depay represents a threat to the Premier League clubs with the Qatari-backed French club understood to have made a significantly better financial offer than Liverpool.
Thierry Henry slams Javier Hernandez for celebrating late Champions League winner like he had just won the World Cup. The Real Madrid striker sent home fans into raptures when he swept in a pass from Cristiano Ronaldo with just two minutes left to play. Hernandez opted to run to the corner and celebrate on his own following his winner but Henry feels the forward owes all the credit to his team-mate.
Thierry Henry responds to Javier Hernandez's one-man celebration by posting video of Michael Laudrup's passing. Former Arsenal striker Henry, now a pundit for Sky Sports, took exception to Hernandez celebrating 'like he'd won the World Cup' after scoring the winning goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday night, and said after the match that he owed everything to his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo. The three-time World Player of the Year could have shot with two minutes to go in Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg against bitter rivals Atletico.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona. Barcelona striker Luis Suarez has admitted he has made a rapid adjustment to life at the Catalan club - scoring vital goals to help put them on course for a treble. Barca face Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday looking to book a place in the Champions League semi-finals.
Amir Amir Khan will fight Manny Pacquiao's recent victim Chris Algieri in New York and has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments. This confirmation sets up two successive big nights of televised boxing involving Khan and his British rival Brook.
Ricky Hatton: Manny Pacquiao has the style to beat Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century. The Hitman also considers that having Freddie Roach in his corner gives the PacMan a massive advantage over the Money Man, who is trained by his father, Floyd Snr. Still, when it comes to the half-billion-dollar crunch on May 2 in Las Vegas, Hatton expects Mayweather will 'find a way to win.'.
Kell Brook to face Frankie Gavin on May 30. Kell Brook has finally landed the Battle of Britain he craved, but will take on Frankie Gavin rather than bitter rival Amir Khan. The welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby.
Manny Pacquiao has a better chance of beating Floyd Mayweather now than he did in 2010, claims his trainer Freddie Roach. The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it eventually fell through.
Mayweather vs Pacquiao advert released. The official advert for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacman has been released with less than a month until the two meet in Las Vegas. The marketing team for both fighters put together the 30-second clip, filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11, to advertise the pay-per-view event. It shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road, with the MGM Grand and 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign visible in the background.
Floyd Mayweather has claimed he is a better fighter than Muhammad Ali. Mayweather, who takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on May 2.
Manny Pacquiao’s last conference call as the Fight of the Century continues its bitter way towards a half-billion dollar fortune. Bob Arum, the PacMan's veteran promoter, ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines.
Amir Amir Khan shows off his party trick with an empty plastic bottle. The Bolton-born fighter took a break from using the speed ball before finishing off a bottle of milkshake.
Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston denies five FA charges for'retard' text messages. Oyston took a surprising step in denying five Football Association charges for text messages during which he labelled a supporter a ‘retard’. The unpopular chief initially had until March 30 to reply, but was granted an extension.
Ronny Deila calls for Josh Meekings to be spared Scottish Cup Final ban. The Celtic boss admitted the 2-1 Premiership victory at Dundee had helped him bounce back from what he described as the toughest day of his career at Hampden on Sunday. But although his club’s Treble ambitions were shattered as a result of the incident in the semi-final defeat to Inverness, the Norwegian said it would serve no purpose for the defender to be given a retrospective suspension by the SFA.
Hull, Leicester and Swansea City are following Poland international winger Maciej Rybus. Stan Ternent, Hull's chief scout has watched the 25-year-old playing for Russian side Terek Grozny.He has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause for £3.2million.In 27 appearances for club and country this season, Rybus has scored three goals.
Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer. The proof that City have belief in English players was evident in Monday night’s FA Youth Cup final where four of their starting line-up against Chelsea were born in Manchester.
Mauricio Pochettino will not flood Tottenham's first team squad with academy players. Tottenham manager says he will be cautious in his approach to blooding more youngsters. Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason have taken giant strides in the senior set-up this season.
GaryGary Johnson has revealed one of the techniques he is using to try and bring the best out of his players. When Johnson took over as manager of the League Two club on March 30 he wrote 'I promise to do all I can to keep Cheltenham Town in the league' on an A3 sheet of paper and asked his players to put their signature on it.
Micky Adams leaves Tranmere with two games to go. Two goals within ninety seconds of each other was enough to spark an outbreak of fear and loathing rarely seen on this side of the Mersey. After more than two years of inexorable decline the patience of the faithful finally snapped when Oxford moved decisively ahead in an effortless manner reminiscent of the previous Saturday's Boat Race.
Tranmere Rovers boss Micky Adams leaves club by mutual consent. Manager Micky Adams has left the club with just two games of the season to play. Rovers suffered a fourth consecutive defeat on Saturday, leaving them bottom of Sky Bet League Two and two points adrift of safety.
Burton Albion 2-1 Morecambe: Burton Albion promoted to League One. Burton secured promotion to Sky Bet League One after Lucas Akins scored both goals in their 2-0 win at Morecrambe. Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink's side are up as third-placed Wycombe can not catch them.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard to be honoured by PFA. Steven Gerrard will be awarded with prestigious special merit awards by the PFA on Sunday as the curtain falls on their illustrious Premier League careers. The footballers' union will pay tribute to the duo's outstanding contribution.
Rafael Benitez dismisses Manchester City rumours. Napoli coach Rafa Beniteza on Wednesday quashed speculation that he is to return to the Premier League to take charge Manchester City.
Rafael Benitez has received fresh criticism of his waistline ahead of Napoli's crucial Serie A fixture with Sampdoria this weekend, as the quest for a UEFA Champions League place reaches a crescendo in Italy. The Spaniard has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria after it emerged that Sinisa Mihajlovic - the current Blucerchiati boss - is being lined up to replace him at Napoli.
Javier Hernandez should start more often ahead of Karim Benzema. It was ten minutes short of 1am when Javier Hernandez left the Santiago Bernabeu last night. He did so beaming from ear to ear, admitting that he had seen the tweets from his Manchester United team-mates congratulating him on scoring what he called 'one of the most important goals of my life'.
West Hammers boss Sam Allardyce claims no club has made an offer for Aaron Cresswell. The left back has been a consistent performer for the Hammers since signing from Ipswich for £2million last summer.
Elliot Kear is back in rugby league after signing for Championship club London Broncos. The 26-year-old winger or full-back has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh after leaving Bradford at the end of last season.
Featherstone prop James Lockwood has been given a two-year ban for breaching the Rugby Football League's anti-doping regulations in the first finding of its kind in the UK. The 29-year-old former Dewsbury forward was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) after a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last November returned a positive test for growth hormone releasing factors.
Bradford Bulls' stadium manager Mark Leadbeater said: 'We are working closely with Bradford Council, Richard Dunn Sports Centre and West Yorkshire Police in order to get to the bottom of this. Bradford have launched an investigation into reports that cars were vandalised during Sunday's Ladbrokes Challenge Cup fifth-round defeat by Hull KR.
Toulon vs Clermont: Leinster vs. TOULON. Twickenham will stage a thunderous collision between two French juggernauts in 13 days’ time, although Toulon’s crusade to win an unprecedented third successive European title nearly stalled at Stade Velodrome on Sunday. On this faltering, unconvincing evidence, the holders of the last Heineken Cup face a mammoth task if they are to stop Clermont Auvergne from claiming the inaugural Champions Cup.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson poised to come out of retirement. Ian Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford after the Red Devils lost a fourth player to suspension and three more to injury. Watson, whose last game was as player-coach in the Championship for Swinton last June, could become the oldest player in Super League.
John Helm on the Bradford City fire 30 years on. John Helm was commentating on Bradford City’s game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out. Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze.
Stuart McCall on Bradford fire: 'I know the (Fletcher) family. I go to every memorial that I can and you meet the same people at these things'. The 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at Bradford's ground in 1985.
Bradford City fire: Judge says police should look at other fires. Sir Oliver Popplewell, the judge who conducted the 1985 Bradford fire public inquiry, said police should now look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to'see if there was anything sinister'. A new book claims the fire at Bradford's Valley Parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham.
Bradford City fire: Gerry Sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify new inquiry into 1985 disaster. A new book claims that the fire at Valley Parade was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham, who died in 1995. The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985.
Paul Smith set to face Andre Ward in summer showdown. Negotiations to make a fight between Paul Smith and Andre Ward are set to be concluded this week, with the Liverpool super-middleweight set to meet one of boxing's biggest talents on June 20. Sportsmail understands discussions are virtually finalised.
CarlCarl Froch's dream of a swansong fight in Las Vegas against Julio Cesar Chavez Jr looks to have gone up in smoke after the former middleweight world champion was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara. Froch has repeatedly expressed a desire to finish a glittering career with a lucrative bout in the fight capital of the world against the Mexican, and has said he may retire if that fight does not come to fruition.
Manchester City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference, which equates to five, yet undoubtedly they are vulnerable. For a team playing this poorly no run-in is easy and matches against the much-improved Aston Villa and even Queens Park Rangers can no longer be viewed with certainty.
Patrick Vieira has the backing of Manchester City players to replace Manuel Pellegrini should the club sack the under-fire manager. The Chilean's future at the Etihad Stadium is under scrutiny following a largely disappointing campaign.
Elderly man who was bitten by crocodile while playing golf defends himself. The victim, John Lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital, swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile at politician Clive Palmer's Port Douglas golf course. On Monday afternoon, the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course.
Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online, psychologists at the University of New South Wales in Australia found. They use pictures on the social networking site to gauge their own appearance and see how they measure up against friends.
Nick Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday.
Russian YouTuber captures terrifying moment a stream of soil flows down a bank next to a main road, crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide. Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia, which is thought to have happened at around 1pm on April 1, according to a blog post on the American Geophysical Union’s website. In the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at
HillaryHillary Clinton's 'everyday Americans' are revealed to have strong links to the Democrat party - including one who could be set to support a rival bid for the White House Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in on the video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid. They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement, to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job - chosen to show aspirational citizens as Clinton looks to speak to to wide demographic of voters.
Icelandic duo create protein bar made from cricket flour. An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour. Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate. Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients.
Samsung responds to 'bendgate' claims by showing Galaxy S6 Edge can bend and shatter under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure. Samsung famously poked fun at Apple when it emerged its iPhone 6 Plus could bend out of shape in people's pockets. But now the South Korean firm is facing a similar controversy of its own after a video emerged claiming to show a similar flaw.
'Pimple Popper' turns dermatologist into YouTube sensation. Dr Sandra Lee is dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California, and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show.
A woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a football game earlier this month. During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city. Video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the Arena Football League game has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
Grand Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012. She can be seen wiping away her tears in the footage.
Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran to face firing squad. The executions of convicted drug smugglers Andrew Chan (pictured), 29, (pictured) and his co-conspirator, 29, are 'only a matter of time', Indonesian President Joko Widodo has confirmed. The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals. The pair are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded.
Israeli tourist captures hilarious moment baboons rob supply truck of its snacks. The 40-second-video recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania, shows the driver of a supply truck standing next to his vehicle as a group of baboons approach. Making an attempt to scare them away – in an entirely tongue-in-cheek way – the man is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck.
Bizarre new dog grooming trend takes shape in Taiwan. In a method reminiscent of Edward Scissorhands's trimming of a hedge, canine hairdressers in the Taiwanese capital Taipei are giving particularly furry customers outlandish makeovers. Pictures of doe-eyed dogs with their shapely new cuts have proved extremely popular online prompting more owners to seek out the custom salons.
Jack Wilshere meets Pele at 10Ten Talent launch. Wilshe may rub shoulders with the likes of Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil on a daily basis but he was left starstruck on Thursday evening when he met Brazil legend Pele. The Arsenal midfielder was given the opportunity to interview the three-time World Cup winner.
Royal Mail worker dances to Michael Jackson's Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough. Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, Devon, was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from Michael Jackson’s Don’t Stop ‘Til you Get Enough to Pharrel Williams’ Happy, while on his round in Exeter, Devon. The video concludes with Adam handing her a parcel mid-boogie before heading back to his Royal Mail van to continue his day job. Captioned 'Some say Adam delivers in style', the original video shows the postman exiting his
Pelican yawns in slow motion and opens its mouth to show off its tongue and some inner bill anatomy. Characterised by their long beak and large throat poach used for catching prey and draining water, pelicans are already aesthetically peculiar looking birds. But it turns out that watching one yawn is an even stranger visual experience.
Ancient ghost town of Balestrino captured in all its spooky wonder by drone. Circling the picturesque landscape, the camera picked out the castle on the hill and surrounding depreciated buildings. The ancient Tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of Genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown.
Woody Allen Centre to be built in Barcelona. First they made a life-sized bronze statue of him, and now they are creating an entire museum in his honour. Barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the New York director, who picked the Catalan capital for the setting of his Oscar winning film Vicky Cristina Barcelona.
Snow-walled passageway opens to the public. Nestled between a 65ft high snow cavern, the winding track of Murodo looks like track that could be on Mario Kart. However this steep-wall phenomena is located in Japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year. The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened today.
The real reasons behind what causes knuckles to crack has long been the topic of dispute among researchers. But a group of scientists from the University of Alberta in Canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all. Their study finds the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones.
'Never letting him book a hotel again' video shows dirty rooms, antiquated or broken amenities and a swimming pool no one would dare to enter. Faced with deplorable conditions at a 'horrendous' hotel in Cyprus, two lads from Cambridge tried to make the most of it by creating a hilarious video diary for their friends back home. The three-and-a-half minute video offers a glimpse into every traveller's nightmare.
St Catherine's Island, off the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge across the sea. The Welsh fort, which defended Britain from French invasion, can currently only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide, which happens for only six hours per day. But tomorrow, planners are due to approve a new footbridge, which will stretch more than 328 ft (100 metres). This connector will open up the island.
The incredible footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia, and shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies. As passengers waited to collect their luggage from the baggage reclaim, they were in for a shock when they discovered a man asleep on the conveyor.
Russia's first ever cat cafe opened its doors to customers and their feline friends this week. Named Cats and People, the cafe based in Moscow invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea. Alternatively, those who do not have a cat, can rent one for the duration of their visit and play with them in a separate room.
Dog performs press-ups with a twist alongside trainer. The dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko – a trainer with over ten years' experience – of the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong. The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively.
Lewis Moody, 36, who is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity, and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident. As poor visibility struck between Svalbard and ice camp Barneo on Saturday, the pilot made the decision to bring the plane down, and due to the bumpy landing the aircraft's undercarriage was damaged.
Lion gets its head stuck in a feeding barrel at a zoo in the Netherlands. Captured by a visitor to the Dierenrijk zoo, the lion can be seen inserting its head into the barrel and attempting to retrieve a piece of meat. Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild.
'Jeff Randl', who travels to Switzerland to compete in Xtreme Verbier. Jeff, portrayed by one of the French-language show’s presenters, is a blonde, mop-haired snowboarder who tells the camera he has travelled from Lake Forest, California to ‘Sweden’.
Three friends get the fright of their life as they are confronted by a pod of baby killer whales while on a crabbing trip. Steven Sloan, joined by friends Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington. Filming from the boat, Steven captured the orcas swimming from afar – two of them can be seen jumping from the water.
Turia Pitt reveals she still struggles to overcome bushfire burns. Inspirational speaker Turia Pitt, who suffered horrific burns when she was caught in a bushfire, has revealed she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal. The 27-year-old said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours where she suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body.
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England, and the majority have been ordinary at best. He played in the 2006 World Cup, in which England were saved by a David Beckham free-kick, and was then dropped and replaced by the more energetic Owen Hargreaves for the quarter-final with Portugal.
Pele's London highlife. Sky Sports’ drastic cost-cutting across the board after paying £11million a match to retain Premier League rights is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield, the home nations international Under 16 tournament. The FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event with immediate effect.
ECBi. The ECB are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency under a new regime by keeping secret the job description for the director of England cricket.
Premier League clubs turn down £45m title sponsorship bid from Guinness. Guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of £135m over three years, a £5m-a-year increase on the payments from Barclays, whose 15-year partnership with the Premier League will finish at the end of next season. But the clubs awash with over £5billion from domestic TV rights alone rejected the bid.
Steve Peters to keep troubled England batsman Jonathan Trott focused in Antigua. Steve Peters, the sports psychiatrist called on by a number of top stars, will play a key role in keeping troubled batsman Jonathan Trott focused in the Caribbean. Trott has made a nightmare return to the Test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the Ashes tour.
ECBi to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed Paul Downton. Michael Vaughan has been among the leading candidates to take up the newly-created role with England.
Graham Thorpe revealed during the England Lions tour of South Africa that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago. But he goes on to admit that his UKIP backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol.
Curtly Ambrose defends England's dealings with Allen Stanford. The England cricket team's involvement with multi-billion-pound fraudster Allen Stanford — an all-time low point — has been defended by West Indies cricket legend Sir Curtly Ambrose. Great fast bowler Ambrose never spoke to the media during his playing career but launched his aptly titled autobiography.
Clarke Clarke, despite his standing as one of world cricket's big powerbrokers who will continue with his deputy chairmanship of the ICC, embarrassed VIP guests with his astonishing behaviour at the Lord's Pavilion Long Room dinner. Clarke arrived upset that the new ECB regime had just sacked his England managing director appointment, Paul Downton, whom he had rashly called a ‘man of great judgment’.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football. She is also Abramovich’s day-to-day link with his football team.
Arsenal players are choosing to employ relatives as their agents after FIFA washed their hands of attempts to regulate middle-men. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's father Mark, the former England international, is acting as his representative since Alex split from Impact Sports Management, although Raheem Sterling's adviser Aidy Ward is also involved.
QQPR are 19th in the Premier League, four points away from escaping the relegation zone. Tony Fernandes, owner of QPR, wants to avoid fines of up to £50million for Financial Fair Play breaches.
Sky’s £11m gamble on Premier League TV rights. The size of Sky Sports’ gamble in paying an astonishing £11millon a game to retain their Premier League football rights has led to the company having to re-address their entire sports strategy. And overlord Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - ‘Fit for the Future’ - with the station needing to make considerable changes to afford their gigantic football bill.
Jose Mourinho issues warning to Chelsea's next generation of exciting starlets. Ask around about youth development and most experts feel Chelsea are getting it right at Academy level. The Under 19s won the UEFA Youth League last week and the Under 18s will attempt to defend the Youth Cup against Manchester City.
Arsene Wenger needs to show some balls, cope better when the pressure is on. It’s 11 years since Arsenal won the title. They went from Invincibles to Incapables. And you can throw bottlers into that description as well.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick (left) and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players. Van Gaal demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players at Manchester United.
Ra Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli. In fact he's earning.
Michael Carrick is the best player on the pitch by a mile for England. It's such a crying shame that only now are people starting to realise what a vital player Michael Carrick is to England. When captain Wayne Rooney said after the draw in Italy on Tuesday that Carrick was the 'best player on the pitch by a mile', and that he 'dictated the game' he summed up what England have been missing since he signed for Manchester United in 2006..
FIFA’s decision to keep the door bolted firmly shut on goal-line technology. You won’t find it written down anywhere in black and white yet it remains one of the unseen by-laws of the game: until such time as an almighty mess is sitting squarely on FIFA&rsquo;s front step, the governing body chooses to keep it firmly shut. Rows over goal line technology were hardly something new when Frank Lampard's infamous 'ghost' goal against Germany in the 2010 World Cup finally brought matters to a head.
Emil Emilio Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention on winning the league title. The sense of burning injustice cannot be allowed to fester for too long.
Celtic have written to the Scottish Football Association in order to gain an 'understanding' of the refereeing decisions during their Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Inverness on Sunday. The Hoops were left outraged by referee Steven McLean's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by Josh Meekings to deny Leigh Griffith's goal-bound shot during the first-half.
Gary Warren calls for change to the 'ridiculous' rule that will see him banned from a second final in successive seasons. Inverness Cup hero Gary Warren has called for a change to a rule that sees players banned for amassing just two yellow cards in a cup final. Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final win over Celtic – meaning automatic suspension for the season finale on May 30.
Peter Moores defends Alastair Cook as he is forced to defend his captain. England’s failure to win the first Test and Cook's failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight. Yet Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things round in Grenada, starting on Tuesday, and in Barbados.
Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on' after failing to force victory in the first Test against the West Indies. The tourists, chasing a first away win since beating India in December 2012, were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch.
Jimmy Anderson's record-breaking 384th Test wicket breaks Sir Ian Botham's long-standing record. It was meant to be the story of Jimmy Anderson breaking the England Test wicket-taking record and bowling England to victory in his 100th Test but eventually this became the tall tale of a new West Indian star. The perfect English script was ruined here on Friday night by the giant figure of Jason Holder who repelled everything that Anderson and co could hurl at him to make his maiden Test century at No 8.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood kept faith with Jack Grealish, the 19-year-old academy graduate, after handing him his first Premier League start against Queens Park Rangers a fortnight ago. The young midfielder did not disappoint, playing a part in Christian Benteke's equaliser and then setting up Fabian Delph's winner.
Fabian Delph: 'I can't wait for the final'. Aston Villa match-winner Delph was left pinching himself after booking his side's place in the FA Cup final at the expense of Liverpool. Villa skipper Delph set up Christian Benteke's equaliser after Philippe Coutinho opened the scoring for the Reds and then rounded off a superb afternoon by sweeping home nine minutes into the second half to secure a 2-1 victory. Delph's strike means that Tim Sherwood's charges will return to Wembley to face holders Arsenal in next month's showpiece.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week. Sterling, the England international who will lead Liverpool’s line at Wembley on Sunday in the absence of the injured Daniel Sturridge, was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday.
Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup semi-final by Aston Villa on Sunday night. With the score at 2-1 and just five minutes left on the clock at Wembley, much-maligned Reds striker Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside.
Barcelona scored three crucial away goals and all but ended the tie after easing to a 3-1 win over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes. Goals from Neymar and a double from Luis Suarez, made sure the La Liga leaders travel back to Spain delighted with the result and their performance.
Juan Mata is finally getting the best out of Juan Mata. It was on New Year's Day last year that Juan Mata finally cracked after being substituted by Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho at Southampton. He had done his utmost not to react and, placid by nature, there was no kicking water bottles.
England are in danger of losing their fourth Champions League spot in the coming years, as poor performances from Premier League clubs in Europe take their toll. This season, for the second time in three years, there were no English clubs in the quarter-finals of the.
10 key questions ahead of Chelsea v Manchester United. Chelsea welcome Manchester United on Saturday tea-time with the stakes sky-high for the Premier League rivals. For Jose Mourinho’s men it is about seeing home a title bid which, in recent matches, has had to rely on one or two last-gasp interventions.
Jose Mourinho says Diego Costa's recovery from hamstring injury is going well. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has said Diego Costa is progressing well and could return for next weekend's Premier League showdown with Arsenal. Costa sustained the injury in the 2-1 home win over Stoke City on April 4.
Jose Mourinho insists Manchester United's injury crisis does not weaken their team as they head to Chelsea for tomorrow's title clash. United boss Louis van Gaal revealed he will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge.
Wayne Rooney may have to revert to a midfield role at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night after Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four Manchester United players ruled out of the clash with Chelsea. Carrick limped off against Manchester City while Marcos Rojo picked up an injury soon after.
J. Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer. The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge.
Chelsea and Manchester City set to battle it out for West Ham left-back Aaron Cresswell. Manchester City and Chelsea are set to clash for the signature of West Ham’s Aaron Creswell this summer. City are desperate to add to their quota of English players with the likes of James Milner on the brink of leaving the club.
Joel Ward signs new three-and-a-half year contract at Crystal Palace. Joel Ward has put pen to paper on a new contract with Crystal Palace, keeping him at the south London club until the summer of 2018. The 25-year-old, who has impressed at both left and right back this season, has been a mainstay in the first team, making 35 appearances in all competitions.
Edinson Cavani knows the spotlight will be shining on him this evening. If Paris Saint-Germain are to break through the glass ceiling and progress beyond the Champions League’s last eight, Cavani – a player known as El Matador – must torment the stars from Catalonia.
Nico Rosberg has published a video explaining his row with Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix. Rosberg complained during a heated press conference that his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton, the race winner who was sitting next to him as he spoke, had acted'selfishly' in slowing down to such an extent that he (Rosberg) could have been caught by Sebastian Vettel.
Niki Lauda expects Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage after accusing Lewis Hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******'. Lewis Hamilton spearheaded a Mercedes one-two at the Shanghai International Circuit, claiming his fourth Chinese Grand Prix victory and the 35th overall of his Formula One career. Rosberg, though, effectively accused Hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference.
Lewis Lewis Hamilton's feud with Nico Rosberg has erupted once more following an explosive press conference at the Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton controlled the race in Shanghai to seal his.
Renault boss Cyril Abiteboul vows there will be 'no surrender' in bid to right Red Bull woes. Renault managing director Cyril Abite boul can understand Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz's frustrations and has vowed there will be 'no surrender' in a bid to right their current wretched wrongs. In Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix, Renault suffered two blown engines as first Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat was forced out of the race.
Vincent Kompany has revealed that his mum halted a move allowing him to join Manchester United when he was just 17-years-old. The Belgian international broke into Anderlecht's first team at a young age and was highly-coveted.
Manchester City players could miss out on £500k bonuses if they fail to qualify for Champions League. Manuel Pellegrini's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules. City are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby.
Jose Mourinho's team are within inches of the silverware — the Barclays Premier League crown — after this dramatic game of smash and grab. They had only one shot at it, with the masked raider wriggling clear of security in the 88th minute.
Cesc Fabregas wears protective face mask against QPR after breaking his nose in Chelsea's 1-0 win. The Spaniard netted with just two minutes to go following a poor clearance from QPR goalkeeper Rob Green before removing the mask to celebrate. The mask was branded with the Spaniard's initial and squad number for the Premier League clash.
Toby Toby Alderweireld is ignoring the background noise about his future, such is the Belgian's determination to complete Southampton's'special season' by securing European qualification. Eyebrows were raised last summer when the 26-year-old moved to St Mary's on a season-long loan, just months after playing for Atletico Madrid in the Champions League final.
Manchester United 1-0 Altrincham: Callum Gribbin scores in'mini derby'. First blood to United after their Under 18s saw off City in the'mini-derby'. Kits aside, this was probably as far removed from Sunday's big match.
Richie Benaud, who died last night aged 84, was the voice of cricket. He played in 64 Tests as a leg-spinning all-rounder and captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s.
Richie Benaud’s family have been offered a state funeral after Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called his death the ‘greatest loss for cricket since the loss of Don Bradman’. The former Australia captain and legendary broadcaster died on Wednesday at the age of 84.
Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer. Here, Sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge. It was said he would regularly file 700 or 800 words.
Shane Warne hails Richie Benaud as the 'godfather of cricket' following the former Australia captain and broadcaster's death at the age of 84. Benaud was as well known for his commentary as his cricket after moving into a career in the media in 1956 which saw him become the voice of the game in both England and his homeland. But he was also a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country.
Michael Vaughan confirms talks with ECB over England job. Michael Vaughan has confirmed that he has held talks with the ECB over becoming England's new supremo as the governing body's new regime move closer to replacing Paul Downton. The 2005 Ashes winning captain is the hot favourite.
Kevin Pietersen will make his long-awaited return to domestic cricket this weekend. The controversial batsman has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad for the three-day warm-up against an Oxford University side.
Australia all-rounder James Faulkner joins Lancashire for the bulk of this summer. Australia World Cup winner James Faulksner has signed a deal to join Lancashhire for the summer. The 27-year-old will arrive after his Indian Premier League commitments to replace compatriot Peter Siddle, who will join the Australia squad.
Jacques Burger will be available to face Clermont Auvergne in Champions Cup semi-final. The Namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a Champions Cup disciplinary hearing on Thursday. Burger, who will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership appointment with play-off rivals Leicester at Allianz Park on Saturday.
Owen Farrell hoping to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash against Clermont. Owen Farrell hopes to be in contention for the Champions Cup quarter-final on April 18. The England fly-half has been out of action since suffering a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in January.
Wasps' Elliot Daly named Aviva Premiership player of the month for March. England World Cup hopeful Elliot Daly has been named the Premiership’s player of March for March. The uncapped Wasps centre scored two tries in March as the Coventry-based club maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season.
Harry Kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the 'best week of my life' after becoming the Premier League's youngest captain this season. At just 21 years and 251 days, the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time during their dour goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday.
Sunderland 2-1 Newcastle United: The problems at Newcastle run means you end ambition. They played in grey and duly put in a dull and uninspired performance, these really are dark days for Newcastle United. Still, at least they returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week and retail gain was probably behind the bizarre decision to ditch their black-and-white stripes.
Adam Johnson charged with grooming and sexual activity with 15-year-old girl. Adam Johnson, 27, who plays in the Premier League for Sunderland and has represented his country 12 times, faces a lengthy jail term if he is convicted. The £10million winger was arrested seven weeks ago and learnt his fate during an arranged appointment at Peterlee police station, Durham.
Tareq Kamleh: Australian doctor hailed as 'new face' of Islamic State propaganda video was a 'womaniser' who was thought to be a 'pretty normal guy'. In ISIS's most recent video, a young doctor called on foreign medics to travel to the ISIS stronghold in Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service). Once the propaganda video went viral, people from the doctor's past started to recognise the previously unidentified doctor. It was revealed he completed his medical degree at Adelaide University.
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini rubbishes reports Xherdan Shaqiri is set to leave the club this summer. Inter Milan manager says reports that Xherdani Shaquiri is leaving the club are 'completely made up'. The Switzerland international joined the Italians from Bayern Munich in January for a fee of £12million.
Champions League and Europa League draws dominate the headlines on the Continent. Unsurprisingly, the Champions League  and Europa League  draws have dominated the headlines on the Continent - especially in Spain and Italy who make up six of the last eight teams remaining in both European competitions. In Italy, Juventus' semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films with Tuttosport comparing the clash to 'Star Wars' complete with Cristiano Ronaldo and Mauro Icardi brandishing lightsabers, while Corriere dello Sport confidently claim it's 'Mission Possible'.
Tito Vilanova remembered a year after his death at Barcelona. A year since the death of former Barcelona coach, his memory lives on at the club where he played an integral part in the most successful era in its history. Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle against parotid gland cancer.
Turkish Airlines plane lands at Ataturk Airport after engine catches fire. A Turkish Airlines flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing today after its engine caught fire. It's the latest in a series of such incidents that have forced the carrier to divert or recall flights.
Smita Srivastava, 37, of Allahabad, in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India – documented at 6ft (1.8m) in the Limca Book of Records. Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m) – more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player. Smita's hair has made her a local celebrity and she is a regular jury member at a major beauty contest in her hometown. She said: 'Whenever I go out shopping to the market people admire me and they come and
Firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy, a pupil at Stanground Academy, whose leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole. It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire on Monday afternoon - and within hours, the accident occurred.
Gareth Barry has advised his Everton team-mate Ross Barkley against moving to Manchester City at this young stage of his career. Barry speaks from experience having spent four seasons at the Etihad before arriving on Merseyside.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has thrown his name into the mix to replace Jeremy Clarkson as host of Top Gear. The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars, and he admitted he would 'love' to be the presenter of the BBC show.
Eden Hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders if the Chelsea winger is to be considered among the best in the world, insists Gary Neville. The former Manchester United right-back feels Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez.
Manchester United winger Ashley Young is adamant that the club will be challenging for the Premier League title once more next season. The Red Devils have endured two mixed campaigns following the retirement of legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson in May 2013.
David Cameron has 'brain fade' after getting his claret and blue teams mixed up. Sleepless nights leading to the general election appear to have affected David Cameron's memory after the Prime Minister made an embarrassing gaffe by forgetting which team he supports. Speaking at an event in south London, the PM claimed to be a West Ham supporter - despite previously stating that he followed Aston Villa. 'I'm a Villa fan... I must have been overcome by something... this morning.'
Chelsea are set to be without star striker Diego Costa for Sunday's trip to Arsenal. Blues manager Jose Mourinho said on Friday that he would make a late decision on Costa's fitness, but his leading scorer is not in a condition to play at the Emirates Stadium.
Ann Ann Price, the creator of the world famous Ghetto Burger, has passed away. According to 11Alive.com, Price was the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta.
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season after overtures from Republic of Ireland and England. The situation is described as 50/50 at this stage, with the 19-year-old having taken time out from national duty seven months ago.
Maria Sharapova, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki and Angelique Kerber attend Porsche Grand Prix Tennis opening ceremony in Stuttgart. Stars of women's tennis put on their glad rags to attend the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis opening ceremony in Stuttgart on Monday. The ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the Porsche Arena.
Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane take part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty. Lucky fans in the French city of Saint-Etienne were given a treat on Monday night as Brazilian Ronaldo andZinedineZidane took part in.
Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Sami Mokbel's verdict. Chelsea left the north London with the draw they came for, which takes them a step closer to the title. Arsenal were unable to break down their opponents in an attritional game, while Jose Mourinho's side rarely troubled David Ospina.
Eugenie Bouchard’s graceless behaviour is neither principled nor smart. It beings to symbolise a season fast unravelling for last year's shooting star of the women's game. It is not the first time that EugenIE BouchARD has declined the traditional shake of hands that takes place at the draw prior to matches in the Fed Cup. She did the same last year to Slovakia's Kristina Kucova.
Wayne Rooney and David de Gea made the time to meet some sick supporters alongside manager Louis van Gaal on Monday. The trio, along with other squad members such as Ashley Young and Michael Carrick, met the fans at their training complex.
Liverpool extend kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank. Liverpool's sponsorship agreement has been extended for three years. It was announced on Tuesday that the partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. But they both made sure they spent time with those closest to them over the weekend.
West Hammers will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the Barclays Premier League in a bid to fill the 54,000 capacity stadium when they make the switch for the 2016-17 season. Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan are using the boost of the enhanced television revenue, which coincides with their move away from Upton Park, to pass on savings to fans.
Lewis Hamilton's younger sibling Nicolas, who suffers from cerebral palsy, is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June. Having safely secured his third grand prix win of the season for Mercedes in Bahrain on Sunday, the big cheese of Formula One will be big brother for a while.
Aston Villa's Jack Grealish is unafraid of taking ferocious hits. The 19-year-old played Gaelic football to a high standard, even appearing at Croke Park five years ago in a match during half-time of a Dublin v Kerry senior game. He was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in Sunday’s FA Cup semi-final.
ISIS 'declares a caliphate' in Yemen through bizarre video showing masked fighters in barren desert. The video, allegedly shot near the capital of Sanaa, sees some 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand. The 'establishing' of an ISIS-related group in Yemen comes after months of conflict which has seen Iran-backed Houthi rebels fight both the government and the local Al Qaeda affiliates.
Plus-size model Laura Wells launches eco-friendly swimwear line. The brunette bombshell has launched a new swimwear collection with a twist - the Eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material. She has already taken the modelling world by storm, being snapped up to front campaigns for The Upside, Myer, Berlei and ASOS. And now like Megan Gale, Jennifer Hawkins and Elle Macpherson before her, plus-size queen Laura Wells has turned her hand to designing.
Abby Bishop's life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala. Most professional athletes are used to having their lives centred on themselves and their sport. But when basketballer Abby Bishop was just 24, she suddenly found herself caring for a newborn, juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life.
Daley Blind shows off self-portrait of himself and father Danny. Most 25-year-old's would prefer to receive clothing or some of the latest DVD's and video games but not Daley Blind, who was given a portrait of himself by his parents as a late birthday present. The Manchester United star posted a picture of the impressive painting on his Instagram, which includes images of the father and son together.
David Haye held in police cell over £341,000 bounced cheque. Former two-weight world champion Haye, 34, was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. He also handed over his passport to authorities, and has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates.
Premier League 2014-15: Six Chelsea players named in PFA Team of the Year. Eden Hazard, favourite for the main individual award after a superb season in which he has notched 18 goals for the Stamford Bridge outfit, was in midfield along with club colleague Nemanja Matic, Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez.
Javier Hernandez is undroppable on current form, says Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti. The on-loan Manchester United striker made it six goals in eight games.
Periscope and Meerkat live streaming apps could cost broadcasters millions. With broadcasters demanding hefty fees to watch Floyd Mayweather take on Manny Pacquiao next Saturday, many boxing fans could turn towards social media to illegally watch the richest fight in history for free. The recent explosion of live video streaming apps such as Periscopes and Meerkat have raised the realistic prospect that Sky and US broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions as viewers stream the content between their devices without paying.
Andrea Pirlo's stunning free-kick sees Juventus slip to 2-1 defeat at Torino. Juventus could have wrapped up their fourth consecutive Serie A title with a victory on Sunday and looked on course to after Pirlos masterful set-piece from 25 yards gave them the lead in the first-half. However, Matteo Darmian equalised for the home side just before the interval and Fabio Quagliarella completed the shock comeback.
Ronnie O'Sullivan in more bother after rude gesture during second round match against Matthew Stevens. Ronnie O’Sullivan was also spoken to by the referee Olivier Marteel towards the end of the afternoon session - and warned about his behaviour. But O O Stevens was also told he had noticed his hand gesture, which was thought to have been self-directed.
Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters upon his return to the Emirates. However when the Chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause.
Ronnie O’Sullivan forced to borrow shoes from audience at Crucible. Ronnie O'Sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the Crucible on Tuesday — but still socked it to debutant Craig Steadman. The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year's Betfred World Championship.
England footballers celebrate St George's Day on social media. A host of international footballers past and present took to social media on Thursday to celebrate the country's national saint's day, and a number of the finest footballers were quick to show their pride with a series of photographs and videos. Harry Kane posted a picture of his younger self, posing with his brother Charlie, his face painted with the St George’s cross.
Gary Neville slams Manchester United's performance against Everton as 'toothless'. Manchester United legend Gary Neville has slammed the Red Devils' 3-0 defeat to Everton as their worst for five or six weeks. 'It was a strange game, and you would have thought that both teams had nothing to play for.'
Louis van Gaal accuses Manchester United of lacking desire after 3-0 defeat at Everton. The irritation that United’s manager felt following the worst day he has experienced in the Barclays Premier League was obvious and he did not attempt to make any excuses for a performance that was toothless and meek from the outset. Goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and substitute Kevin Mirallas did not flatter Everton and Van Gaal claimed the difference between the two sides came in the attitude and approach they adopted.
Crist Cristiano Ronaldo shows his compassionate side after his shot hit a supporter at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night. The Portuguese star has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece.
Jose Mourinho hits out at Arsenal. Jose Mourinho has launched a fresh verbal attack on Arsenal, branding their 11 year wait for the Premier League title as 'boring'.
Bayern Munich make do without four key players as they beat Porto. Bayern Munich had to make do with FOUR important first-team stars as Pep Guardiola's side attempted to overturn a 3-1 deficit against Porto on Tuesday night. Injured quartet Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on.
Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. The England international was replaced by Robin van Persie in the closing stages of the Premier League clash.
UEFA charge Pep Guardiola for wearing t-shirt demanding justice for journalist who died at World Cup. Argentine Jorge Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July. Guardiola was sporting the top - which read '#JusticiaParaTopo' - during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League.
Harry Kane wins PFA Young Player of the Year award. Tottenham striker Harry Kane capped off an 'unreal' season as he beat off stiff competition to land the Professional Footballers' Association Young Player's Award 2015 on Sunday. Kane has been in superb form for Tottenham this season despite starting the campaign as third-choice striker.
Oscar was sent to hospital at half time for checks. It looked as if the Arsenal goalkeeper had given away a penalty, but referee Michael Oliver waved away Chelsea's protestation.
Leicester Tigers 38-17 London Welsh: Chris Hala'ufia's brutal assault on Laurence Pearce. Hard-hitting Chris Hala’ufia flattened a streaker and was then sent off for a brutal attack on Leicester forward Laurence Pearce during Saturday’s Aviva Premiership clash. The Tongan number eight, who has been warned in the past over his ill-discipline, halted Pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge and left him prone on the ground.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao get a glimpse of WBC emerald winner’s belt as it is unveiled. The emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman who was joined by former world heavyweight champion Larry Holmes. Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show.
Kerber beats Wozniacki to win Stuttgart Grand Prix. Germany's Angelique Kerber came from a set down to outmuscle Caroline Woznieacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 on Sunday and win the Porsche Grand Prix for her second title of the season. Kerber completed a memorable week where she beat top seed Maria Sharapova and sixth seed Ekaterina Makarova in previous rounds.
Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari calls for Cesc Fabregas flag to be taken down from the Ken Friar Bridge at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal fan TV favourite has called for the flag of former Gunners star to be removed from the side of the Emirates stadium. 'He kissed the badge when they lifted the cup last week. Why is that still on our bridge?
Arsenal's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chelsea's Gary Cahill take on Exeter Chiefs' Jack Nowell and Bath's George Ford in crossbar challenge. To commemorate St George's Day, the worlds of football and rugby have collided in a cross bar challenge between England stars of both sporting persuasions. Arsenal winger Alex Oxla.
Tiger Woods gives Yao Ming a golfing lesson. Tiger Woods has had to face some huge challenges during his career, but not many will have been larger than 7ft 6in former NBA star Yao Ming. The 14-time major winner has played just three tournaments so far this year.
Chelsea fans cover Arsenal's Arsenal sign with blue smoke bombs. A group of Chelsea fans stormed Arsenal's Emirates Stadium this week in a lighthearted attempt to lay a blue marker down as the Premier League clubs prepare to do battle on Sunday. The four fans labelled themselves the 'C-Team' while wearing Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks to hide their identity before parking up outside Arsenal's north London home. The four practical jokers carry the blue and white letters as they look to make their mark in north London.
Ian Poulter uses acupuncture to recover from injuries. Sportsmen will go to extreme lengths to mend their battered bodies ahead of the next challenge, and that includes inserting multiple needles into their necks. English golfer Ian Poultter is an acupuncture convert who often uses the painful-looking alternative medicine technique.
Australian jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney.Literally. The 27-year-old bared all to those at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury, Austalia as he attempted to ride Miss Royale to victory.
Man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment. It begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist. He says: 'We have the pliers, they're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver.' It should be pretty cool.'
Pep Guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto. Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his grey garments during an incredibly exciting night for Bayern, who led their opponents 5-0 at half-time. The Spanish tactician's underwear was on show after the incident, and he joked after the Champions League clash: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match.'.
Algerian football fans are in for an exciting - if incredibly tense - final few rounds of the season. The Algerian League certainly has a claim to be the most exciting in the world at the moment.
Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do 'what is best' for Daniel Sturridge as the Liverpool striker's injury misery shows no sign of relenting. Sturridge will again be absent for Tuesday night's trip to Hull.
George Groves reveals his winning bet on Badou Jack to beat Anthony Dirrell. It appears George Groves' boxing acumen doesn't just stretch to inside the ring. The 27-year-old will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title this summer, after the Swede defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night.
Floyd Mayweather pays up to $1,000 per plate for food cooked by Chef Q. The boxer invited compatriot Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion, as he continues his preparation for the $300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao. Broner, a three-time world champion, took to Instagram to show off the food on show.
Didier Drogba's charity ball raises £400,000 for his Foundation. Didier Drogba celebrated playing his part in Chelsea's 1-0 victory over Manchester United on Saturday night by putting on the event at London's swanky Dorchester Hotel. And the Ivory Coast icon was delighted with how the evening panned out, as his team-mates and other members of the world of football and celebrity helped raise a figure.
Steven Gerrard’s time at Liverpool will now end in anti-climax. The chances are that he will say his farewells via a series of short cameos, many of them as a substitute.
Brendan Rodgers insists Liverpool’s transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer Champions League football – as they step up their pursuit of Memphis Depay. While Manchester United remain favourites to land the exciting Holland international, Liverpool were given permission by PSV Eindhoven to hold with Depay.
Manchester United 2-3 Everton. This time there was no man in a Grim Reaper costume waiting for the Manchester United manager behind the dug-out at Goodison Park. The dark days of ridicule for the Barclays Premier League’s most successful club have now gone.
David Beckham is used to having his children in the crowd at sporting events but he was relegated to the role of spectator as son Romeo, 12, ran the London mini-marathon. Beckham, wife Victoria and their two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race, raising £6,000 for charity. It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers.
JohnJohn Terry warned Arsenal that they will never win the Barclays Premier League by playing 'tippy-tappy football'. In a robust defence of Chelsea's recent tactics, the club's captain admitted Jose Mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after Christmas.
The MGM Grand is getting ready to host Floyd Mayweather's showdown with Manny Pacquiao. The hotel resort on the Las Vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on Saturday night. Advertisements for the fight are all over the MGM Grand hotel ahead of the contest.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho watches Fulham Under 21s lose to Porto. The highly-anticipated Champions League quarter-final second leg clash between Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid took place on Wednesday but that didn't bother Jose Mourinho as he watched Fulham U21s lose 3-0 to former club Porto. On the same night that Madrid knocked out rivals Atletico and Juventus overcame Monaco, Mourinho chose Fulham's Motspur Park training ground.
Edinson Cavani finds a novel way of burying bad news after Barcelona defeat. The Uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic during his time in the French capital, and continued to toil at the Camp Nou, as Laurent Blanc's side went down to a comfortable 2-0 second-leg defeat. But rather than wallow in self-pity, Cavani put on his cardigan and headed for a local zoo.
St Mirren's Steven Thompson apologises to John McGinn after accidentally spearing him with training ground pole. Steven Thompson has apologised to team-mate John Mcginn after the Scotland Under 21 player was stabbed in the leg during a training ground prank at Saints' Renfrewshire training ground last week. Thompson threw one at McGinn in jest – and to his horror it stabbed him on the leg, leaving him requiring hospital attention. He scored two goals in Saints' 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Saturday.
Paula Radcliffe breaks down at the end of the London Marathon. The distinctive head bop was still there and the white socks pulled up over the calves but plastered across her face was something we are not used to seeing during Paula Radcliffe’s races – a beaming smile. When she set the World Record of 2:15.25 in the London marathon in April 2003 – a time no woman has threatened 12 years later – there was no grinning until after she crossed the line.
Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at the Allianz Arena. Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer.
Liverpool supporters will stage a protest on Tuesday night against the mounting costs of tickets in the Barclays Premier League. The die-hard contingent of fans who travel the length and breadth of the country to watch Brendan Rodgers' side are staying away from The KC Stadium after Hull City charged Liverpool fans £50 for their sets.
Bayern Munich's Thomas Muller leads fans into Champions League semi-final. Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the Champions League on Tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with Bayern Munich supporters as Pep Guardiola's side celebrated a famous win. Muller, 25, netted the fourth goal of Bayern's 6-1 demolition of Porto in the second leg of the quarter-final at the Allianz Arena.
James Haskell shows off his inner Iron Man in Instagram post. The London Wasps captain joined in on the hype as he posted the photo dressed as Robert Downey Jr.'s character Iron Man. The highly-anticipated movie premiered at Westfield London shopping centre on Tuesday evening.
Andy Carroll poses on an over-sized throne as he recovers from knee injury. With his rehabilitation from a serious knee injury going well, Andy Carroll looks like he's enjoying the summer weather as he poses on a throne. The 26-year-old striker suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton and won't be available for the rest of the season.
Wladimir Klitschko confirms Tyson Fury will be his next opponent and says he is ready to travel to England to defend his belts. The IBF, WBA and WBO king ended his seven-year American hiatus by clearly out-pointing Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night but it was not the dazzling New York display he had promised on his Stateside return. The American boxing public fell out of love with the 6ft6in Ukrainian back in 2008.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao may only be nine days away from touching gloves but that hasn't stopped them rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous. The two boxers were in Las Vegas on Wednesday to promote their upcoming fight against each other at the MGM Grand.
Michael Schumacher's 16-year-old son Mick begins his Formula 4 career in Germany this weekend. Schumachers Junior is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series after impressing during his karting career.
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus go head-to-head to launch new Puma boot. The Manchester City star has been in good form this season despite his injury problems and showed his impressive close control against the Borussia Dortmund winger. The footwear brand are releasing the evoSPEED 1.3 Graphic, which took inspiration from the Japanese dragon.
Best defences in Premier League history. Chelsea drove themselves one step closer to the Premier League title with another defensive masterclass at the Emirates, shutting out Arsenal just a week after doing the same to Manchester United. Led magnificently by John Terry, Jose Mourinho's side have proved once again that a solid back four is the bedrock of any title challenge.
Rory McIlroy knew he was beaten even before he took the strain for an arm wrestle with the ripped high schooler who made short work of a strength test against the Northern Irishman. Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page with the note, 'Sorry Rory.'
John Terry on course to appear in all 38 Premier League matches this season. Two years ago, Rafa Benitez was in charge of Chelsea and John Terry's glittering career at Stamford Bridge was in danger of fizzling out. In April 2013, the Spanish manager declared that Terry could no longer play two games a week.
Real Madrid 4-2 Celta Vigo: Javier Hernandez makes it six goals in eight starts as Real Madrid keep up La Liga title challenge. Javier Hernandez made it 6 goals in 8 starts for Real Madrid as they kept up their pursuit of Barcelona at the top of La Liga with a win over Celta. Real Madrid are now just two points behind league leaders Barcelona.
Javier Hernandez made it six goals in eight starts as Real Madrid kept up their pursuit of Barcelona at the top of La Liga with a 4-2 win over Celta Vigo. Chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of Leo Messi who nets once every 81 minutes.
Kei Nishikori beats Pablo Andujar to win Barcelona Open for second year in a row. It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese, who again showed his improved endurance as he battled to come out on top against the world number 66. Kei Kei was crowned Barcelona Open champion for the second consecutive year after a hard-fought 6-4 6-3 victory over surprise Spanish finalist Pablo andujar on Sunday.
PFA Premier League Team of the Year: Did the professionals get it right?. The EA Sports Premier League team of the year was unveiled on Sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London. The side, which is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in England's top flight, featured six Chelsea players.
Chelsea may have had six players named in the Professional Footballers' Association Premier League Team of the Year, but they still have some way to go to catch up with Manchester United. The Reds top the table with 75 representatives in the best XI since the Premier League began in 1992, while champions-elect Chelsea are third with 29.
Swansea City striker Bafetimbi Gomis has been stepping up his recovery from a hamstring injury. The French forward suffered the injury during the Swans' 1-1 Premier League draw with Everton earlier this month.
Man Utd news: Louis van Gaal given green light to make Gareth Bale his top summer transfer target. Moshin Tanveer - who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy - used the special occasion to provide the former Holland boss with a star-studded cast of Europe's top property he should sign in order to bring the Barclays Premier League title back to Old Trafford. The Dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses at the biannual Manchester Foundation Dream Day held at the Aon Training Complex on Monday.
Thierry Henry urges Arsenal to buy four top players in summer transfer window. The Frenchman believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Barclays Premier League title. Henry, who was speaking after Arsenal's goalless draw with Chelsea, also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the Gunners will struggle to win the league.
Manny Pacquiao boxing gear sales soar as much as 10 times ahead of Floyd Mayweather fight. Sales of Manny Pacman boxing gear and effects have soared 10 times in the Philippines ahead of his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather, with Philippine retailers struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find. Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacman T-shirts, boxing gloves, figurines, caps and jackets, with buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history.
LUNCH. Pink top, £125, lkbennett.com. Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson. Sandals, £34, office.
USA women's soccer team unveil new kits ahead of World Cup. The USA have unveiled their new kits for the women's team ahead of the World Cup hosted by Canada in June. The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond, because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue.
Ivan Rakitic celebrates St George's Day with wife and daughter. Barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season but midfield playmaker Rakitic enjoyed some time away from the heat of battle with his family to celebrate St George’s day. Rakitic played the full 90 minutes as Barcelona sealed progress to the semi-final of the Champions League with a 5-1 aggregate victory over PSG.
Jose Mourinho's tactical masterclass against Arsenal. On paper Chelsea's team sheet looked like an insult, one for the anti-football brigade to get their beaks into after Jose Mourinho went without an orthodox striker. When reality bites, even his biggest detractors must concede that Mourinho's decision to leave Didier Drogba on the bench until the start of the second half.
Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2bn directly and indirectly on the way to victory. Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar — including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure.
Adam Federici had already booked his wedding for the weekend of FA Cup final. The goalkeeper whose extra-time error led to Reading being dumped out of the FA Cup at Wembley is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend as the final. Federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez's effort to give Arsenal a 2-1 victory in Saturday's semi final. But had Reading reached the final on May 30 it would have clashed with Australian Federici's wedding in Italy to long-term girlfriend.
Edinson Cavani's slumbering Champions League performance against Barcelona may well have put to bed any chance of him making a switch to Manchester United. The chances of the Uruguayan filling what would appear to be a looming striker void at Old Trafford have always been slim.
MannyPacquiao has added another string to his impressive bow by appearing in a hilarious commercial for Foot Locker ahead of his showdown with Floyd Mayweather. The Filipino, who has tried his hand at acting, politics and coaching basketball over the years, stole the show in an advertisement for the American sportswear company back in November.
Aston Villa 2-1 Liverpool: Player ratings. Aston Villa shocked Liverpool to reach the FA Cup final to take on Arsenal in May. Here, Sportsmail's Laurie Whitwell rates the players' performances at Wembley Stadium.
Apple has been described as a durable and scratch resistant smartwatch. But the Apple Watch Sport model has been to shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres). Apple claims its watch, which has an Ion-X glass display, is 'protected by a lightweight aluminosilicate glass that's especially resistant to scratches and impact.'
Tom Brady misses out on White House visit. You'd have thought the celebrations would've stopped but the New England Patriots are still reveling in February's Super Bowl XLIX win as they visited the White House to receive congratulations from President Barack Obama. But there was one notable absence from the Patriots squad who visited on Thursday, with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen. However, a spokesman for the Patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady didn't attend the visit.
10 things we have learned from an entertaining weekend of Premier League fixtures, as well as intriguing statistics from the Football League. 1.
Watford have secured promotion back to the Premier League after their 2-0 win away at Brighton. As results from the other games come through, players celebrate wildly on the team-bus.
Xavi sets Champions League record for most appearances in knockout phase. When Barcelona midfield maestro Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night he sent records tumbling. The former Spain international played for 148th time in the competition.
Rory McIlroy replaced Tiger Woods as the cover star for EA Sports PGA Tour video games this year. The latest version of the long-running game series features a number of new features, including various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics.
Lewis Hamilton and Olivia Munn film scenes in Rome for Zoolander 2. Looks like Lewis Hamilton has landed himself a cameo role in Zoolander 2. The F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel, in a scene that looked like Ben Stiller's male model was taking part in a catwalk show with Owen Wilson's Hansel.
Motherwell have vowed to go to battle with the SPFL over the issue of free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders. And the Fir Park side are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from Championship promotion challengers Rangers and Hibernian.
Manchester City want Jason Denayer to spend next season on loan. Manchester City have told Jason Denyer they want him to spend the next season in the English Championship. The Belgian defender has been a revelation during his year-long loan move to Celtic.
These pictures show the moving moments men, women and children living in the United States were reunited with their deported relatives after the border gate to Mexico was temporarily opened on Sunday. The steel gate at Border Field State Park in California, which was put in place in the mid-1990s, was unlocked by officials in honor of Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family. And for selected families, it was a long-awaited, intense experience.
David Cameron is hungriest to win the election, poll reveals. Only 25 per cent of people think he wants to win most, compared to 43 per cent who believe Ed Miliband is most up for the fight. In a YouGov survey for The Times,43 per cent said Mr Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win'.
Selfie queen Karen Danczuk has revealed her ambition to be an MP – insisting she could relate to ordinary women unlike the current crop of female politicians. She said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them.
London council to introduce CSI-style DNA testing for dogs. The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek so it is registered on a database. The council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets - and issue the owner an £80 fine.
££8million Lotto winner Philip Dunning, 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours. After hitting the jackpot, he went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting.
Chris O'Dowd lashes out at Gatwick Airport after son is frisked. The Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff, who also threw out the child's bottle, in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm.
An obsessive Arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club. Marking her answers with red pen, she scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50, to which he commented, 'Well done Saskia! As a result, I will not be dumping you!
Madeleine McCann: Former Portuguese detective ordered to pay £360,000 to Kate and Gerry McCann after libel trial. Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter's disappearance. A Lisbon court agreed that Amaral should pay Mr and Mrs McCann €250,000 (£179,000) each in damages.
Ronald Butcher, a 'private and quiet man', bequeathed his entire £500,000 fortune to Daniel Sharp after he died in March 2013. But his relatives and family friends insist that the will, made just two months before his death, is invalid.
Ousamn Jatta, 45, took wife Beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to Africa for three weeks but when he returned was not allowed to take her home with him. Mr Jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife, who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband.
Real Madrid 0-0 Almeria: Half-time update. Wow. Real Madrid haven't got going tonight (I was about to write a post about how Barcelona were 5-0 up at this point) but James Rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring. The ball bounces up to the Colombian who unleashes a stunning left-footed volley, dipping over the goalkeeper and into the top corner at some speed.
Indonesian government official has praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. ABC News reports that Indonesian attorney-general H.M.
Rodrigo Gularte, 42, asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island where he and seven other death row inmates were killed by firing squad in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Father Charlie Burrows said once the men were tied up he was allowed to go and speak to Gularte again, who did not become hysterical but spoke in protest of his imminent death.
Girl, 14, dies after being thrown off moving bus in India. Arshdeep Kaur and her mother Shinder, were travelling from their home in Punjab, northern India, to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them. The men grabbed her and made several attempts to'molest' her, but instead of defending them, the bus staff joined in.
CBBC star Carl Beatson Asiedu was stabbed to death outside nightclub. Jeffrey Okafor, 24, of East Dulwich, south east London, is accused of stabbing 19-year-old DJ Charmz to death outside a nightclub in the summer of 2009. He was pronounced dead at 5.36am, with a post-mortem examination concluding that he had died from a single stab-wound to his heart.
Lib Dem minister Danny Alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans drawn up in the last government to cut Child Benefit and Child Tax Credits. The Prime Minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants on the orders of Mr Alexander. But the Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron himself had asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits.
Old Oldham Athletic have signed Ronaldo. Like his namesake, the teenager has explosive pace and plays on the wing.
Saigon helicopter pilot Ba Van Nguyen saves his family by piloting his own CH-47 Chinook to save them from sinking. It has been 40 years since the historic evacuation of the city of Saigon as the North Vietnamese army descended upon the city, and among the many stories of heroism and bravery is that of a father who piloted a military helicopter to fly his family to safety. Ba Van (pictured) was able to fly a CH - 47 Chinook, the largest helicopter in the South Vietnamese army, with his three young children and wife out of the South Vietnam city and into the South China Sea where they
Francois Hollande has vowed to'show no mercy' if French peacekeepers are found guilty of sexual assaulting starving children in the Central African Republic. Fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order after a 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine.
Nepalese boy, 15, rescued from rubble five days after Nepal earthquake. Pema Lama was pulled, dazed and dusty, from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu after he became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday. He was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck. He appeared stunned and his eyes blinked in the sunlight.
Mother of baby rescued after being trapped in rubble for 22 hours tells of torture she endured while she heard her little boy cry for help. Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs in the family home when the quake struck, but was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him. During frantic rescue efforts family and friends used their bare hands to try and free Sonit, but without specialist equipment it was impossible.
Nicola Sturgeon tonight warned Ed Miliband he will not be able to pass a Labour Budget unless he agrees to SNP demands - despite the Labour leader's claim that he would not do any deals. Mr Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists, but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table.
Darren Stanton, who has a background in psychology, micro expression training, and neuro linguistic programming (the study of body signals), showed his immense skill in sniffing out deceit. He managed to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were were fibbing and also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair.
Nigel Farage tonight insisted he would not give up trying to pull Britain out of the European Union even if voters rejected leaving in a referendum. The Ukip leader said he would accept the result, but rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result.
Real Madrid fail to activate option on Javier Hernandez. Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on Manchester United striker Javier Hernandez as the deadline passed on Thursday night. The midnight deadline went by without Madrid making a formal offer to buy him outright.
Carl Carl Thompson, 32, has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years and is now bed-bound at 65 stone. Consuming 10,000 calories-a-day by gorging on takeaways and whole loaves of bread, he is too heavy to walk or wash himself.
Nigel Farage will say today that allowing refugees into Europe ‘could lead to half a million Islamic extremists coming to our countries and posing a direct threat to our civilisation’. Mr Farage will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg in the wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the Mediterranean.
Theresa May warns lives will be in danger if Britain is left with hung Parliament. Theresa May warned last night that lives are at risk if the UK is saddled with a hung Parliament unable to pass anti-terror laws. The Home Secretary said new legislation was urgently needed to update the powers of MI5 and GCHQ, and repair the damage done by the US traitor Edward Snowden.
Nigel Nigel Farage today accused the SNP of being 'openly racist', blaming Alex Salmond for fuelling resentment. The Ukip leader said anti-English sentiment in Scotland was now the 'biggest' form of racism in the UK.
Stuart McCall hopes Lee McCulloch will be the last player booed by Rangers fans. As manager of Rangers, McCall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players. Growing up watching Leeds United, he was less forgiving.
Court throws out bid to keep MPs' expenses private. The Commons expenses watchdog, the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA), had launched a bid.
Liz Clark, 34, left her home in San Diego, California, when she was given a Cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe and document her travels. The 34-year-old left her San Diego home in 2005 and has travelled 25,000 nautical miles to date. Liz Clark has travelled to a number of exotic destinations, including Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama and the Galapagos Islands. She used a timer to take some of the pictures herself, while other photos were taken by locals.
Nearly 70 years after the end of the conflict, attitudes are reportedly changing among the younger generation. Research carried out by the Forsa Institute found the number of people who considered the conflict a defeat fell to just nine per cent - a 25 per cent drop in the last decade. Instead, they now exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime on everyday Germans.
Kevin Morgan, 55, of Weybridge in Surrey, was injured when a Land Rover Discovery reversed into his stationary Rover 75 while he was working in Dorset in September 2005. The married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression, which together have ended his working life, his lawyers claim.
'superhero' scientist Bionerd visits the Chernobyl nuclear power plant 29 years after the disaster. A'super hero' scientist has ventured into one of the most radioactive places in the world - scaling missile defence system towers, getting bitten by 'radioactive' ants and eating contaminated apples that have grown on trees close to Chernobyl's epicentre. Anonymous scientist has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets go on sale on Thursday. At last it’s on. Not only the Fight of the Century but the sale of tickets for Floyd Mayweather.
Britain's only surviving mobile cinema goes on sale for £120,000. Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, from Somerset, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005 and spent £35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in Devon over five years. They toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity.
Luton's Charlie Patino weighs up offers from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham. When Jack Wilshere was first showing signs of his enormous potential at Luton Town’s academy, the big boys down the road soon came calling. Now it will be decision time for another Luton discovery as 11-year-old Charlie and his parents Julio and Katy weigh up offers.
Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku attend Everton Academy Day. The feel-good factor at Everton continued to grow after many of the club's first-team players attended the annual 'Academy Day' at Finch Farm on Tuesday. A spring resurgence of five wins and a draw in their last six games has propelled Roberto Martinez's side into the top half of the Premier League.
Ivan Rakitic and wife Raquel Mauri enjoy sun, surf and sand. He earns millions playing for a Barcelona team regarded as one of the greatest in history and spends his time-off relaxing at the beach with his beautiful wife. But is Ivan Rakiti living the dream of every sports fan?.
Floyd Mayweather poses for picture with Motown legend Gladys Knight. In four days time, Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century at the MGM Grand on May 2. As he steps up his preparation for Saturday's fight, Mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with 'Midnight Train To Georgia' singer.
Jack Wilshere shows off his trolley dash during his day off. The 23-year-old was keen to share his staple food requirements with his 891,000 instagram followers. A £2.15 box of Seriously Fruity Mixed Berry Crisp can be seen spilling out of one bag.
Arsenal duo Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs convince American rapper Tyga to nail his colours to the red half of north London. The duo posed for a picture with Tyga while taking the Rack City artist for a tour of the Emirates Stadium.
Lionel Messi has confirmed he is to be a father again after posting a picture of his pregnant wife on social media. The couple are reported to have settled on the name Benjamin – the same name his good friend and international team-mate Sergio Aguero picked for his son.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo to take a break after Wimbledon. The future of Andy Murray’s coaching arrangement with amelie mauresmo looks shrouded in doubt after he confirmed that they will take a prolonged break from each other after the Wimbledon. The 27-year-old Scot parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town. Only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand. One fan, Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week.
Adnan Januzaj shows off his mini pool table skills at snooker World Championships. The 20-year-old Belgium international was at the Crucible to cheer on his friend Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final against Anthony McGill. The 2005 winner moved a step closer to an elusive second title in Sheffield with a 13-8 victory.
Theo Walcott sitting on a bench along with six of his Arsenal colleagues is starting to become a familiar sight given the fact that he has been overlooked for the majority of the season.The Arsenal winger has been pictured on a different kind of bench with his team-mates as he was pictured for a photoshoot with Calum Chambers, Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, David Ospina, Mathieu Flamini and Mesut Ozil.Walcott and Co, along with runway model Olga Sherer, have posed for an official portrait for Paris' oldest fashion house - Lanvin - the club's official tailor
Marouane Fellaini and twin brother Mansour share a glass of bubbly after Chelsea clash with Manchester United. The brothers were recently the subject of a mix-up involving Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues' crunch clash with United at Stamford Bridge on April 18. Following his side's 1-0 victory over Louis van Gaal's side, Mourinho revealed he prepared his Chelsea players to deal with the threat.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez reach century of La Liga goals. The three stars now have a century of goals between them for the season after Barca's 6-0 demolition of Getafe on Tuesday night, a result that took them five points clear in La Liga. Lionel Messi celebrates after scoring against Getafe.
Sir Sir Alex Ferguson rates Cristiano Ronaldo above Lionel Messi. The most successful manager in the history of British football spoke to Parrott and presenter Hazel Irvine as part of the BBC's coverage of the World Championship.
Jenson Button completes London Marathon 2015 in under three hours. Formula One star Jenson button completed the London Marathon with an impressive time of two hours, 52 minutes and 30 seconds. The 35-year-old McLaren driver told the BBC he was 'chuffed to bits' with his performance, but joked he was disappointed to finish behind James Cracknell.
Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open despite the Spaniard's recent struggles. Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week.
Ney Neymar published a photograph of himself with his fellow Barcelona attackers on Tuesday night as supporters debated whether this was the greatest forward line in the club’s history. The Brazilian captioned the photo with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi: ‘Buena victoria chavaleeeeees.... Daleeee!’.
Cubs' Addison Russell lets his bat slip through his fingers and hit a fan in the face. A rookie playing for the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field for the first time won't remember his home ballpark debut because of the single he hit or the run he scored. Addison  Russell, 21, may recall his first game with a sense of horror because he let the bat slip out of his fingers in the seventh while he was trying to catch up to a fastball. Cubs officials rushed to assist the spectator and towels from the home team's dugout were brought to the injured fan.
Martin Odegaard in line to become Real Madrid's youngest ever player after being named on the bench against Almeria. Teenage sensation Martin Odegaard was in line to become Real Madrid’s youngest ever player after he was named among the substitutes for the La Liga win against Almeria on Wednesday night. The 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if Carlo Ancelotti's side were in a commanding lead.
Lewis Hamilton takes brother Nicolas out for a spin in LA. The two-time Formula One world champion took time out from training ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling in his stylish Shelby Cobra. The pair can be seen posing in caps and shades as the Mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of LA's busiest freeways.
Did Didier Drogba hits back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge'. The Blues are preparing for Wednesday night's trip to Leicester City at St George's Park, having drawn criticism for their 0-0 draw against Arsenal on Sunday.
Robin Robin van Persie scored twice as he continued his recovery from an ankle injury in Manchester United's 4-1 win over Fulham in the Under-21 Premier League. The Holland striker's sharp performance at Craven Cottage suggests he will be in contention to start in Louis van Gaal's side for the visit of West Bromwich Albion on Saturday.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will wage violent combat on Saturday night. The MGM Grand Garden Arena will also be the place where they add untold fortunes to their already significant wealth. Sportsmail's Boxing correspondent Jeff Powell sits on the corner of the ring at the MGM Grand.
AP McCoy, Jack Wilshere, Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand walk the red carpet at BT Sport Industry Awards in London. The awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation, talent management and community investment brought through sport. McCoy appeared alongside his wife Chanelle, having bowed out from a glittering career in horse racing at Sandown.
Didier Drogba awarded with Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy. Following all his inspired charity work, Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy. The Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier.
DanielDaniel Sturridge is well-known for showing off his dance moves, but the striker's shapes were no match for a young Liverpool fan. The Reds frontman was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley back in February and duly obliged only to be left red-faced.
Mayweather vs Pacquiao: Why are there no tickets on sale?. When Floyd Mayweather posted a picture of a signed contract for his $300 million mega-fight against Manny Pacquio two months ago, there was a collective sigh of relief. After more than five years of wrangling and bickering, the richest fight in boxing history was finally set for May 2 in Las Vegas.
Floyd Mayweather: 'I respect all the great champions of the past'. There were no apologies from Floyd Mayweather for claiming to be greater than Muhammad Ali. There was reverence for God, even though Manny Pacquiao believes the Almighty is in his corner.
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum has revealed that the contracts for his fight against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas in just 10 days have yet to be signed. With the pair finalising their preparations for the fight at the MGM Grand on May 2, Top Rank promoter Arum told ESPN that the contract has still not been finalised.
FirstHigh-resolution footage of solar flux ropes on the sun has been revealed. In the fascinating video, twisting groups of magnetic fields can be seen writhing around.
Rare and valuable pieces of meteorite have fallen to Earth from a gigantic fireball that lit up the skies over Britain and Ireland, experts say. The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network (UKMON) in Portadown, County Armagh. Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea.
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide. Experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel. The new fuel was developed by Audi along with Sunfire, a Dresden-based energy technology company. To make the fuel, water is first heated to form steam, which is then broken down into hydrogen and oxygen using electrolysis.
The revolutionary system is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision, with clinical trials scheduled for 2016. The company claims it may be able to get its final product to restore vision to 20/120, which would be a huge leap forward in vision quality. Second Sight, the company that got FDA approval for the first visual prosthesis two years ago, currently offers patients about 20/1300 vision.
Den Denim designer Bettina Liano has revealed that she cannot afford to pay the Australian Taxation Office the almost $130,000 she owes in taxes. The designer told Daily Mail Australia that she was unaware of court proceedings and only became aware of it when contacted by the media yesterday.
Iron Man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. Many of us may not have the billionaire lifestyle or scientific prowess of Marvel's Tony Stark, but we can now at least get his trademark hi-tech gloves at home. Laser expert Patrick Priebe has created a working Iron Man glove. And in a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away.
Dutch firm TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch. The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts and were designed by British artist Giles Walker, with their moves controlled by a computer.
Spring is in the air which means the football season has reached the business end of the campaign across the country. So whether your side is competing to win the Barclays Premier League or scrapping to stay in the Vanarama Conference, Sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues.
Afghan girls skateboard in dresses and skirts. In Afghanistan, many girls are forbidden from riding bicycles - they are, however, allowed to ride skateboards. So when Australian skater Oliver Percovich created Skateistan, a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding, it shouldn't have been a surprise that 40 per cent of the program's students would be girls.
What happens when a battery overheats? Thermal images show copper inside the battery reaching temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F) causing jets of molten material to burst from its vent. The footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded.
Nasa has unveiled a revolutionary type of wing that it says could save millions in air travel. The wing is able to morph itself like that of a bird to provide the same functionality as normal flaps, but with much less weight.
Pakistan sends ‘beef masala’ to Nepal. After experiencing major devastation and loss of life in the April 25 earthquake, Nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of 'beef' masala as part of the relief package from Pakistan. Since the majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal, the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) member countries.
GCHQ ordered to destroy information it snooped on Libyan dissident Sami al-Saadi's lawyers. GCHQ, the Government’s listening post, unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from Sami Al Saadi – even though the legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules. The IPT said the dissident should not receive compensation for breaching Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights, the right to private and family life.
World’s tallest bridges: The world's tallest bridges. The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan – the third largest of its kind in the world – rises sharply so ships can pass underneath. The concrete road bridge spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato.
Man who wolf-whistled a young woman only to be accused of sexual harassment says she is a'silly little girl' who was 'lucky' to have received the attention. Ian Merrett, 28, is astonished that Poppy Smart, 23, did not take it as a compliment, which he says has helped him'snog loads of girls' in the past. The builder and his colleagues whistled at her every day for a month as she passed their Worcester construction site.
Kellie Maloney says a vote for Ukip is a wasted vote. The celebrity former boxing promoter, formerly known as Frank, is one of the party's most famous former candidates. But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power. She said: 'If we want to stop Labour and the SNP I think you’ve got to vote Tory.
Antibody injection could 'wipe out cancer'. The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer. The team at Stanford University School of Medicine believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours, but also distant metastases that have spread through the body.
Shanghai skyscraper window cleaners get a ride of their life after their platform is blown around by high winds. The incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre, the city’s second-tallest building at 492 metres (1,614ft). The one-minute video shows the platform swing violently in wind.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform and has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched. Branded the Kim Kardashian of the social platform, when the brunette starts a live stream, thousands of users around the globe stop what they're doing to watch.
Chelsea's teenage strike duo Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke are certainly flush at the moment. The two 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives, enhancing their reputations every time they find the net.
Celtic are considering a second double raid on Dundee United for teenager John Souttar and striker Nadir Ciftci. The Tannadice club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to the Parkhead club on deadline day in January.
Jimmy White's bid to qualify for this year's World Snooker Championship at the Crucible ended on Monday. Matthew Selt fought back from 7-2 down to beat White 10-8 in qualifying in Sheffield.
D-Day veterans honoured with France's highest honour. More than 70 years ago these five men each played their own vital role in the Normandy campaign that began with the D.Day landings. Two were just teenagers, another was a young sapper, one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare.
Manny Pacquiao is the people’s champion. Whatever the state of his accounts, he still pays 64 per cent more tax than any other citizen in the Philippines. He builds hospitals, his wealth fights natural disasters.
Inverness 2-1 Celtic: A Celtic treble is gone, but the recriminations, anger and sense of injustice will linger and fester for some time to come. Cup defeats to Celtic are rarely a tranquil affair. On a fateful night in Glasgow 15 years ago the Highlanders inflicted the first of their damaging, deeply defeats on Scotland's champions.
Johanna Basford's Enchanted Forest book for adults sells 226,000 copies in one month. A colouring book has become a sell-out success thanks to an unusual twist – it is designed for adults. Since British artist Johanna Basford created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013, called Secret Garden, it has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books. Now, the 32-year-old’s second book has sold out within weeks of its release.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon. The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. Three of the fighters were grappling, while a fourth came in and slapped them.
Reddit thread reveals the strange lives of men who have purchased mail-order brides. The discussion, which focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments, asked users to spill the beans on what'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses. 'She seemed under the impression that a man was to be kept like a king and she was there for food and sex.'
FA Youth Cup final: Everything you need to know ahead of Manchester City vs Chelsea. Two of England’s most ambitious and well-resourced academies go head-to-head on Monday night as Manchester City play Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Young Cup final. Both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression in front of the TV cameras and stake their claim for first-team involvement in the seasons to come.
Chelsea 3-1 Manchester City: How the youngsters got on at the Academy Stadium. Chelsea took a commanding three-goal lead back to west London after a strong showing in Manchester to see off City's young side. Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline after a Tammy Abraham double had seen Chelsea take a first half lead.
Chelsea 3-1 Manchester City: Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke put Blues within touching distance of retaining FA Youth Cup. It was, as so often this season, the story of two Chelsea rising stars in the form of their young lives. They have rampaged through opposition defences both at home and abroad all season.
Did Didier Drogba was utterly exhausted and emotionally drained as he and John Terry held each other up through a post-match flash interview. It was as if.
Veteran's dog tags returned 70 years after Pearl Harbor attack. Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year, returning them to the vet's son, William Benn of Rhode Island. The tags came from World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach.
How much will Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao earn from the $300m pay-per-view fight?. The eagerly-anticipated mega-fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao is just days away. Canadian data crunchers Sports Interaction have put together all the big numbers to find out who will earn what.
Beijing International Airport is set to the largest in the world, in order to cope with the surge in tourist numbers. Opening in 2018, the gigantic Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres.
Bayern Munich crowned Bundesliga champions for the third year running as Wolfsburg go down 1-0 at Borussia Monchengladbach. Max Kruse scored the last-gasp winner to earn the Foals a win which moves them up to third and secures their place in the Champions League next season.
Heather Mack, 19, brutally killed Sheila von Wiese-Mack with the help of her boyfriend in August and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale St. Regis Bali Resort. Mack was photographed after her sentencing celebrating in her jail cell by getting drunk off alcohol smuggled to her in a Sprite bottle.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr's personal chef reveals her boss has some weaknesses when it comes to food. Quiana Jeffries, aka Chef Q, was brought into Mayweather's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast. A regimented diet is crucial to the champion's training regime.
Native American woman locked out of Facebook for five days. Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, has accused Facebook of discrimination after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name. For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in.
Josh Josh Kerr took advantage when the Scotland under-17 star came for a corner and missed it to put the Hoops in front before McCrorie dropped a Mark Hill free kick over the line. Celtic U17 players celebrate after beating Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden.
Kingsholm transformed into the House of Fun on Saturday night as Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh. The Cherry and Whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign to earn a place at the Twickenham Stoop.
Barry Hearn rules out giving Reanne Evans a season-long wildcard. World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has ruled out awarding a season-long tour wild card to Reanne Evans. The 10-time winner of the Ladies' World Championship saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty after a tight clash on Thursday.
Jose Mourinho hails ‘phenomenal’ Chelsea side after John Terry’s scrappy goal puts them on the brink of Premier League title. Jose Mourinho hailed his 'phenomenally' side after a late John Terry goal put Chelsea on top of the Premier League table. Victory at home to Crystal Palace on Sunday will now hand Chelsea their first league crown since 2010.
Reanne Evans insists World Championship bid is 'do or die' for women in snooker. The 29-year-old from Dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the World Championship in Sheffield this month when she faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying. Evans has won 10 women's world titles and plays Irishman Doherty at Pond's Forge in Sheffield on Thursday.
Prostate cancer resistant to conventional treatment could be all but wiped out by a therapy that boosts the immune system, claim researchers. The US scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin, which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large, aggressive tumours.
Castello Baronale, a 12th century castle that was once used as a fortress by Napoleon, goes on the market for £4,887,164 ($7,510,569). The 12th-century castle, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level, and includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre. The original wooden drawbridge remains intact between two of the castles rectangular battlement towers with a Venetian library inside to impress guests.
Ronny Deila: Celtic's biggest hurdle to treble hopes is themselves. The Scottish League Cup winners are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership with six games remaining and strong favourites to make it four in a row. Asked ahead of the trip to Hampden Park on Sunday if he felt he had a treble-winning squad at his disposal, the Norwegian boss said:.
Das well as how to artfully remove garters, gloves and stockings. Burlesque queen Dita Von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch, a luxury health resort in Tucson, Arizona.
John Terry scores his side's second goal as Chelsea close in on fourth Premier League title. His primary job is to keep opposition strikers at bay, but that hasn't stopped John Terry from showing them the art of finishing too. The Chelsea captain scored his side’s second goal in their 3-1 win away at Leicester on Wednesday night.
Artist Ben Quilty pens heartbreaking message to Indonesian President Joko Widodo. A celebrated Australian artist has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, are expected to be executed in Indonesia. The artist has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
Boxing fans can now buy commemorative jewellery ahead of Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao. It's the fight that the world has been waiting for almost six years. Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio are just days away from stepping into the ring for what promises to be a monumental clash.
Steve Davis: Jimmy White and Reanne Evans must qualify for Crucible. Steve Davis would love to see Jimmy White light up the Crucible stage but admits his own swan song hopes look forlorn. The king of the baize in the 1980s believes the Whirlwind and the doyenne of the women's tour face tall orders to get through qualifying.
'Charlie Bit Me' YouTube video goes viral as it has had more views than Taylor Swift, One Direction and even Adele. Anyone with internet access is bound to remember the hilarious viral video, 'Charlie bit Me'. In it, a small boy named Harry Davies-Carr is seen happily sitting with his baby brother Charlie on his lap - until Charlie painfully makes a snap for one of his older sibling's digits. Now the pair, from Buckinghamshire, who are now aged 11 and nine, have given an interview to children's TV programme Newsround to talk about the video that changed their lives.
Leigh Griffiths: Celtic's top scorer is no longer a Hibs fan. They see less of Griffiths on the streets of Leith now than they used to. He no longer plays for Hibernian for a start. Reinventing himself as Celtic’s top scorer, the front-page headlines are also less evident.
Scottish Cup Final: Falkirk 1-0 Hibernian. Craig Sibbald finally breaks the deadlock for Falkirk with a stooping header that left Hibernian hearts broken.
Pil Pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination on arrival. Many people are so eager to get to their destination that they don't realise their best views of their holiday spot can be seen on the way in or out.
6 tips to boost concentration. Massaging your 'third eye', the point between your eyebrows, can help boost concentration, massage therapist Suzi Cinalli says. Here, writing for Healthista, she outlines her six top tips.
How the super-wealthy travel on a whim. For the 0.01 per cent, booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of us. Instead of scrolling through holiday deals on bargain-finding websites, these ultra-rich individuals prefer to take off on a moment's notice and sort out any over-the-top accommodations and activities upon arrival.
Manny Pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world of sport after a series of mega-fights and another one to follow on Saturday night against Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the past decade or so, facing the likes of Oscar De La Hoya, Ricky Hatton, Miguel Cotto and four fights against Mexican warrior Juan Manuel Marquez.
Justin Bieber to carry Floyd Mayweather's belts ahead of Pacquiao fight. Canadian pop sensation Justin Bieber is set to carry Mayweather's championship belts into the ring ahead of his $300million Las Vegas mega-fight on Saturday. The duo have been close friends for years.
Scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome. No one is tied up in a basement. There are no hostages. Yet the SPFL will go to show love to those broadcasters who hold a gun to their heads.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's grand arrivals in Las Vegas. Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell looks ahead to Saturday's mega-fight at the MGM Grand after witnessing Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao’s grand arrivals in Las Vegas. Both boxers made public appearances on Tuesday as their $300million showdown draws ever closer, and our man Powell was there.
Stefan Johansen delighted to win Celtic player of the year award. The Norway midfielder, 24, shared the players' player award with captain Scott Brown but stood alone as the choice of the supporters. And by this weekend the former Stromsgodset player, who joined the Parkhead club in January last year, could have another championship medal.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of World Championship qualifier. Former world champion Ken Doether launched a spirited fightback to lead snooker's top woman player Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship first qualifying round match in Sheffield. Doherty, who won the title in 1997, won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3-1 at one stage.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather's Las Vegas training camps. After two months since the official announcement, Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacman are into the final few days of their preparation at camp ahead of their monumental bout on Saturday. Sportsmail takes a tale of the tape look at the duo's two main bases and what is on offer at either facility.
From a Lake Garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an Italian villa that looks like a castle and an Antigua retreat with Giorgio Armani as a neighbour, these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment. For most of us, the dream of a holiday home is one that will probably never be realised.
Chelsea are set to confirm the £4.5m signing of Nathan Allan de Souza on Wednesday, beating rivals Manchester City to his signature. The dazzling Brazilian attacking midfielder, who turned 19 last month, arrives from Atletico Paranaense with a glowing and ever-growing reputation.
How to get the enviable physiques of the stars. You might think tennis would be the 55-year-old's preferred means of staying in shape but she says she avoids it: 'Because my life is saturated with it.'.
A Gronking To Remember: Couple sues author of erotic e-book for using their wedding photo as cover. An Ohio couple have filed a major lawsuit against the risque erotic E-book 'A Gronking to Remember', claiming a photo as they were celebrating their engagement was used as the online cover without their permission. The unnamed couple are subsequently suing the novella's author, who released it under the pen name Lacey Noonan, as well as distributors Apple, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble.
Manny Pacquiao is the happiest soul in Las Vegas, smiling, cracking jokes, bidding everyone welcome. His latest toy is a camera which he points at whoever he comes across, saying: 'I don't know much about these things but I like taking portraits.'
'hate map of America' reveals prejudice to be common elsewhere. The map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US. Racism is also common in the 'rust belt' which straddles the upper Northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane during a seven-hour emergency operation to take her to hospital. French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out using the crane.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran dead. Thirteen years since their fateful first meeting, after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected, the ringleaders of the infamous Bali 9, who were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia, are now dead. They were young men from stable families who believed they were stuck in dead end jobs and looked on with jealousy at the flashy lifestyles of others who had girls, money and fast cars at their fingertips.
Amal Clooney calls for release of imprisoned Maldivian ex-president Mohamed Nasheed. The 37-year-old brunette beauty was the epitome chic leaving the National Press Club Thursday morning, a cup of coffee and her iPhone in hand. Clooney paired her crisp business suit with eye-catching suede stilettos.
Eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after a retrial over a stadium riot in Egypt which left 74 people dead. The riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of home team Al-Masry - from the canal city of Port Said - and Cairo's Al-Ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match.
Eintracht Frankfurt forward Alexander Meier out for the rest of the season with knee injury. The club says Meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday. Meier tops the Bundesliga with 19 goals, ahead of the Bayern Munich duo of Arjen Robben and Robert Lewandowski.
Leverkusen release Emir Spahic from contract after brawl with security staff. Bayer Leverkuson has released Emir Spahoic from his contract with immediate effect following his fight with security personnel after the German Cup defeat to Bayern Munich. The defender was filmed fighting the club's security personnel, reportedly after they refused to allow his friends entry inside the locker room area.
Bayern Munich 3-0 Eintracht Frankfurt: Robert Lewandowski fires Bayern Munich to third straight Bundesliga title. Bayern Munich moved a step closer to a third straight league title thanks to a 3 -0 win over Eintraht Frankfurt. Robert Lewandoski boosted his own chances of winning the golden boot award at the end of his first season with Bayern.
Ex-members of New Zealand Christian community Gloriavale tell of culture of victim-blaming. Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks. Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls. Miracle escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago.
'zombie stars' of dead stars feed on stellar companions. Peering into the heart of the Milky Way, astronomers have spotted the 'howls' of a'mass grave' of white dwarf stars near the centre of the galaxy. But why there are so many of these stars here - which are left behind when a larger star runs out of fuel - remains a mystery. The Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array, or NuStar, has captured a new high-energy X-ray view of the bustling center of our Milky Way galaxy.
Liris Crosse: The Body and The Naomi Campbell of plus-size modelling. Unless you're born with Kate Moss' cheekbones or Karlie Kloss' endless legs, making it as a model in the fast-paced and fickle world of fashion is no mean feat. For Liris, 32, she certainly came from humble beginnings. When starting out, her statuesque form, cat-like eyes, full lips and flawless complexion got Liris in the door of most model agencies, but she admits her voluptuous shape landed her on the shelf.
West Hammers boss Sam Allardyce says he would have no problem with sneaking through the 'back door' into European football via the Fair Play League. The Hammers started the season strongly and looked a good bet for European qualification around Christmas before their form fell away.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman admits Morgan Schneiderlin may have played his last game for Saints. Southampton manager Ronald KOeman has admitted that Morgan Schneidermann may leave the club this summer. The midfielder has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. He has two years left on his £30,000-a-week contract.
Southampton refuse to give up on Champions League hopes despite defeat at Stoke. Morgan Schneiderlin says Southampton are refusing to give in on their Champions League aspirations despite Saturday's damaging defeat by Stoke. Saints missed the chance to close the gap on Manchester City to two points as they went down to a 2-1 defeat at the Britannia Stadium.
Ray Parlour: Arsenal are only three signings away from winning the title and should pinching Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech, according to former Gunners midfielder. Arsenal can make it nine consecutive league victories with a win on Sunday and the team's strong finish to the campaign has given Gunners fans hope for a more sustained title challenge next year. Cech is likely to be watching from the substitutes bench when Arsenal face Chelsea.
Ad Adrien Broner with 50 Cent. Former world champion Broner is pictured with New York-based 50 Cent in an Instagram happy snap on Tuesday that was taken at the Barclay's Center in Brooklyn.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze go on double date with girlfriends. Wolfsburg and Bayern Munich may be battling against one another at the top of the Bundesliga but Andre Schurre and Mario Gotze put club rivalries aside on Sunday night. The World Cup winning duo got together with their girlfriends for a double date to celebrate their side's respective victories on Saturday.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called Zlaaatan.com. The site is totally devoted to the French giants' No 10.
'It was dim, the movie was still playing, the alarm was going off,' Aurora police officer Annette Brook told jurors in the trial of gunman James Holmes. 'I began to notice the bodies, the live victims, the blood.' Prosecutors called Brook and two other officers as witnesses on Wednesday, and their descriptions of the chaos of inside the suburban Denver theater intensified the already disturbing scene described a day earlier by moviegoers who were badly wounded or saw loved ones gunned down in the July 20, 2012, attack. If convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death.
Homeless shelter manager allegedly killed by former resident who tried to rape her at gunpoint and shot her as she ran away naked. West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx. The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when he allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda.
Astrophysics undergraduate Torin Lakeman, 19, died alongside his brother Jacques, 20, in a pub in Manchester after consuming six times the lethal dose of MDMA after ordering the drug via the web. The brothers, both from the Isle of Man, were found in a hotel room above The Grapes Pub in Bolton on 1st December last year after travelling to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford.
Rangers goalkeeper Steve Simonsen fails in appeal against SFA ban. The Scottish Football Association have failed in their attempt to further punish Rangers' goalkeeper for betting. The 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year.
Lecce, Puglia, Italy: The 2,000-year-old sewage pipe that led to the discovery of a tomb, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and even etchings from the Knights Templar. A search for a sewage pipe beneath an Italian restaurant yielded two centuries worth of history. Lucian Faggiano, 60, bought the building in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria - but renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked. And while attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a Messap
Microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new Windows 10 software by making it easy to use many of the same apps they're already using on Apple or Android phones. The move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company, which still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones, partly because of a lack of apps.
Samsung retook the lead in the global smartphone market in the first quarter, as gains in emerging market sales helped it overtake Apple, a research group said Wednesday. IDC said Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the  first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share.
Apple Watch sensor malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists. Owners of the coveted watch have found the timepiece's sensors malfunction when worn on Tattooed wrists. Dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch's heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings.
Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. Using sensors on the front of the bin, it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush, turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess. It also has an integrated bag store and charging cord. It is expected to cost $248 (£160), although early buyers can pre-order it for $139 (£90).
Adidas has partnered with Spotify to create an app that tracks your speed and matches music to suit. Adidas go is available for iOS only via the Apple App Store, with support for devices from iPhone 4S models or later.
How do the Avengers' superpowers hold up to the laws of physics and chemistry?. The Avengers have battled to save Earth from an alien invasion, the evil Loki and now, in the latest movie, face off against the killing machine Ultron.
The world's first robotic planet finder is hoped to help in the search for Earth-like planets that might support life in other solar systems. Now scientists have proven its capabilities by using the telescope to find a unique a planetary system orbiting a nearby star 54 light-years away. All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days.
Hyper Hyperion is shaped like a potato and is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular. Its odd, almost 'bubbly' appearance, can be attributed to it having a very low density for its size.
David Beckham to celebrate 40th birthday at five-star luxury Amanjena resort in Morocco. The world-famous football star is expected to fly out to Morocco next weekend for a glamorous bash with his celebrity friends and family. And it is thought he will be staying at the luxury Aman jena resort, just outside Marrakech.
Machu Picchu to be re-conceptualised to control crowd flow. A new master plan, to be implemented between 2015 and 2019, has been revealed, calling for the re-conceptualisation' of the ancient Inca city. The idea is to change the 'axis of the visitor experience' making the mountain into a part of the tourist experience as well as the site itself, with the hopes that this can control crowds. The project is set to cost around £28.5million.
Man punches another passenger with shoe on flight from London Heathrow to Muscat. A mid-air altercation over legroom turned into a brawl on a flight from London Heathrow to Oman, after one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe. The fight broke out on the Oman Air flight 102 to Muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane wasn't full.
FAFA to give away £30m FA Cup prize money to Emirates Airlines. The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world's most famous club knockout tournament.
James Whitaker's brief reign as the ECB's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced. It is expected the responsibilities of the chosen appointment will include being in overall charge of selection, leading to the end of Whitaker’s stint.
Ian Bell and Root lifted England's run rate and got them out of a hole having fallen to 34 for three. There is a problem with England's top order and it is not an easy one to solve.
Daniel Levy reportedly told the Tottenham Hotspur Supporters' Trust that after the problems reinvesting the money received for Gareth Bale, future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players, priced between £10-15million with good potential for resale. Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value.
House passes bill to end NSA phone records collection. House leaders have reached a bipartisan compromise on a bill that would end the National Security Agency's controversial collection of American phone records, but the measure faces an uncertain future in the Senate. The House Judiciary Committee on Thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2.
Testosterone. by Joe Herbert. (OUP £16.99) Testosterone doesn’t always get a good press.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways and he wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job. He writes elegantly about his pilot's eye view of the world and explains that he has come to measure countries in jet time, ie how long they take to cross.
Angelika Graswald charged with second-degree murder in the death of her missing fiance Vincent Viafore. Troopers have said Viafore, also of Poughkeepsie, was kayaking with Graswal on the Hudson River April 19 when his vessel flipped over near the town of Cornwall-On-Hudson. He was unable to get back into the kayak.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's A League Of Their Own. The pair teamed up to perform a rendition of The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight for Sky's upcoming series of A League of Their Own. In a spoof sketch of Britain's Got Talent, Barnes appears dressed in a black hoodie and jeans accompanied with a black hat.
Eden Hazard and Ake take on Loic Remy and Willian in a head-to-head challenge for the car manufacturers. In round one, the Chelsea stars aim to fire balls into the boot of a car from close range.
Robbie Robbie Keane isn't letting an injury keep him from entertaining his LA Galaxy fans with one high-profile supporter, Boy George, endorsing his rendition of Karma Chameleon. A video of Keane's car karaoke effort was posted on the Boy George and the Culture Club Facebook page and while the 34-year-old striker's enthusiasm can be faulted, his command of the lyrics leaves a bit to be desired.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn renew their rivalry in latest Tiplico advert. They were widely regarded as the two best goalkeepers of their generation and their rivalry from on-the-pitch has continued into post retirement. Manchester United legend Peter and his Bayern Munich counterpart Oliver Kahn have come face-to-face once more - this time as actors.
Thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours after a power failure at Clapham Junction station (pictured) in south-west London.
Anderson Silva to compete in 2016 Olympics. Mixed martial arts fighter Anderson Silva says he will fight for a spot in the Brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. The announcement was made on Wednesday.
Eugenie Bouchard beaten 6-3, 6-1 by American Lauren Davis in the second round at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston on Wednesday. Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke the Canadian's serve twice in the final set to pull off the upset.
Zac Efron, Taylor Lautner and more: How many child stars have grown into stunning adults, and how many haven't?. If you needed more proof that Zac has officially left the weedy teenager of High School Musical behind to become a bona-fide buff babe, you've got it. Pictured on the set of his latest film, Bad Grandpa, he still managed to make us swoon despite wearing nothing but nude pants and a stuffed bee.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters. The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on Thursday 30 April after a four-year mission.
One in every six species of animals could face extinction if we do nothing to combat climate change, scientists claim. The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand. Scientists from the University of Connecticut warned that one in six animals are at risk of extinction, particularly in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem.
Emoji hashtags are banned on Instagram because the eggplant emoji is used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity. Last night Instagram rolled out its latest update that lets users create and search for hashtags using emoji. But it appears not all emojis are created equal.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago, have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. The well-preserved skulls of two individuals were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama.
'ghosts' in the laboratory by tricking the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected 'presence'. Blindfolded and wearing ear-plugs, test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device.
Jimmy Anderson is unique. From the moment he emerged as a raw youngster in the England team you could see that. England have always produced swing bowlers but not one with Anderson's skills.
Chelsea are furious with the BBC for allowing it to be known that the Premier League trophy was being displayed on the centre circle at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday. There is great sensitivity at Chelsea about not presuming their title success before they are crowned champions and manager Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace on Sunday.
Bath 29-19 Newcastle. Bath produced a ferocious bonus point victory over Newcastle at Kingston Park to keep alive their Aviva Premiership title bid. Sam Burgess made his first Premiership start at number six.
Sam Burgess named in Bath back row to face Newcastle. Sam Burgess has been selected in the back row as Bath seek to bounce back from the end of their European dream by defeating Newcastle on Friday night. Burgess has spent the vast majority of his fledgling union career at inside or outside centre.
Leinster 15-15 Bath: Bath 17-15. Driven on by their pocket general George Ford, Bath somehow came within a whisker of finding a way into the last four. Their determination to put width on the ball and play at high tempo should be applauded.
Children as young as eight have been banned by their parents from attending a British mosque over'safety' fears, with one mother claiming she 'doesn't want to put her son at risk of being shot'. Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter, Devon, as part of an RE trip.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year, city schools superintendent Chuck Ledbetter announced on Tuesday. Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either.
Muslim cleric orders woman to agree to sex with her husband on the back of a camel. Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria claims that, according to the Prophet Mohammed, a wife can only refuse her husband sex if she is menstruating, sick or just given birth. Her right to say no, he asserted, was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband.
How old do I look? Microsoft's new site can accurately guess Kim Kardashian's age. It's no secret celebrities spend thousands upon thousands of dollars on maintaining their looks. But an app is now trying to cut through all the cosmetics to determine exactly how old a person looks based on a picture.
Sarah Jewell, 25, is still living and breathing, a fact she proved when, after the IRS told her to contact her local Social Security office in Sparta, she walked right in and announced 'I'm alive!' The staff told Jewell that someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased in November 2014.
Laura Robson put her injury frustrations to one side by heading to Tortuga, a country music festival in Florida. The 21-year-old shared a photo on Instagram of her soaking up the sun with two friends and captioned the image 'Country music is the best music #tortuga.'
Hollywood-inspired experiment to help dementia patients by waking them up with video recordings from loved ones is taking place in New York. The hope is that the videos shown to residents of a care home in the city will ease their confusion, forgetfulness and agitation. The idea is borrowed from the 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates, in which Drew Barrymore's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day.
James Corden poses with Odell Beckham Jnr and David Beckham. The saying 'two is company but three's a crowd' clearly didn't apply to Corden as he met two Beckham sporting stars. The comedian tweeted a picture on Thursday alongside former England captain David Beckham and New York Giants' NFL hotshot.
Jimmy Kimmel didn't offend the Filipino fighter with his rendition of his inspirational ballad Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino. On his show Jimmy Kimmel Live the comedian sang an excerpt of the song, penned and recorded by Pacquiao to be his walk-out music for the richest fight of all time against Floyd Mayweather.
Frank Lampard returns to Chelsea with fiancee Christine Bleakley. The 36-year-old was pictured walking down the English capital's iconic King's Road, enjoying himself on Thursday.
Quinton ‘Rampage’ Jackson admits he has already been through the wringer to make UFC return. Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator when he takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night. But he had to first endure a protracted legal battle.
Hubble Space Telescope image of the Pillars of Creation reveals a previously unseen jet from a young star. Now, astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of these beautiful columns of interstellar gas and dust. The jutting structures, along with the nearby star cluster, NGC 6611, are parts of a star formation region called the Eagle Nebula, also known as Messier 16 or M16. The nebula and its associated objects are located about 7000 light-years away in the constellation of Serpens.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company completes successful spaceflight test. The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing. It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space.
Greek researchers created the algorithm, which determines a person's state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their face - especially the forehead and nose. And they say the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
Stuart Broad has become a bit gun-shy, he stays leg-side of the ball and tries to play a shot every delivery. Not only does he appear to have lost all confidence in his batting but he seems a bit scared, too.
Trevor Cherry branded the six United players who withdrew at short notice from Saturday's match against Charlton a 'disgrace' and called for them to be sacked by the club. Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London.
Steve Morison: 'I've never known anything like it in football'. Six players - Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani - withdrew from the squad on the eve of Saturday's trip to Charlton citing injuries. The withdrawals continued the chaos that has plagued Leeds.
Dorset woman in red poses for her father, electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn O'Gorman, back in 1913. The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm was 42. The strawberry-blonde teenager wore red, probably at the request of her father as the vibrant colour captured particularly well via the autochrome process. The images are part of the Royal Photographic Society, held at the National Media Museum in Bradford.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'. She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri among six Leeds players to withdraw from Charlton clash. The never-ending chaos at Leeds continued on Friday as six players withdrew from Saturday's game at Charlton citing injury. Italian quartet MircoAntenucci (left), Giuseppi Belluschi (right), Dario Del Fabro (centre) and Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel.
Hull City are keen on signing Leeds United midfielder Alex Mowatt. The 20-year-old has impressed this season scoring nine goals.
Bradford City fire: Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford City's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes. A new book written by a survivor of the disaster claims it was not an accident. 'Could any man really be as unlucky as Stafford?'.
Nadir Ciftci celebrates with a kiss but ends up blushing as his side lose derby match. Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain, but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee.
A plane passenger gets the shock of his life when he assaulted a man who was a former corrections officer. Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday, and had a word with him about the foul language he had been using on the plane. He then calmly proceeded to grab him by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene.
'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling. The revelation follows widespread public anger at Indonesia's executions of Australian nationals Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan.
Sandstorm engulfs street in Saudi Arabia. A Saudi Arabian citizen has captured intense footage of a sandstorm sweeping its way across a street, engulfing everything in its path. Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close.
Absolutely Fabulous stars Jennifer Saunders and Joanna Lumley to reunite for film. Jennifer Saunders, who wrote and starred in the series, confirmed yesterday the cast will begin filming in the autumn. She revealed that Joanna, who plays Patsy in the comedy, had told her to ‘do it before we die’ and she was spurred on to finish the script by a £10,000 bet with Dawn French.
Fewer than one in three have heard of the UK’s biggest cause of food poisoning. Many people are still ignorant of the dangers of eating chicken despite campaigns to highlight risks, a report says. Research for trade magazine The Grocer found that just 32 per cent of UK consumers are aware of campylobacter germs.
Al Aliesha Peterson, 22, from Alberta, Canada, has shared a set of inspiring before and after images, which showcase how an exercise plan she began 20 months ago in an effort to lessen her depression has not only helped her mentally – but has also ensured a dramatic physical transformation. The 22-year-old first started exercising in August 2013, and as of April 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack.
Protein World 'Are You Beach Body Ready?' adverts removed from London Underground. Transport for London (TFL) has revealed that the controversial posters around the London Underground, featuring a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield, are being removed. The sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists.
FA to rebrand FA Cup as Emirates FA Cup in £30m deal. The FA Cup, the oldest knockout football competition in the world, is set to be rebranded as the EmiratesFA Cup in a new £30million sponsorship deal. In a move that will upset traditionalists, the FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines.
Emiratesportsmail.com. The Emirates Airline logo will be a familiar sight for sports fans across the world.
Michael Bisping is eyeing a long-awaited homecoming ahead of his fight against CB Dollaway. The Manchester middleweight takes on Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night bidding to avoid losing successive fights for.
Andrei Arshavin set to leave Zenit St Petersburg at the end of the season. Former Arsenal forward Andrei and Ukraine midfielder Anatoly Tymoshchuk are set to be released by Russian league leaders Zenit. Andrei in action for Zenit in a Russian Premier League match with Kuban Krasnodar back in November.
FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto is still considering a move to Chelsea this summer. The 22-year-old is keen to join a club where he will play regularly and realise his potential. Chelsea have made an offer for Muto according to FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane.
Carl Frampton offered £1.5m to face Scott Quigg in one of the biggest all-British fights in recent memory. Talks between the two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill, but Quigg's promoter, Eddie Hearn, attempted to jolt Frampton's camp into a July 18 fight in Manchester by offering the biggest cheque of the Northern Irishman's career to date. The proposal was made live on television, with Frampton’s team given until the end of the week to accept the terms.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott should play all three Tests against West Indies. There will be calls for England to get rid of both Cook and Trott on the back of their failures here but I think they should both play the three Tests before any sort of decision is made. We are talking about two batsmen with phenomenal Test records who have done it against Australia in the past.
CharlieCharlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 Premier League goals for QPR. Austin scored in QPR's 3-3 draw with fellow Premier League strugglers Aston Villa on Tuesday night.
Lil' Chris found hanged at his home by a friend, inquest hears. Reality TV star and singer Chris Hardman, 24, died on March 23 in his hometown of Lowestoft after a long battle with depression. Suffolk coroner Peter Dean today told the inquest that Mr Hardman's that friend AJ Sutton later identified the body.
Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden may look like the epitome of good health today, but the 44-year-old has revealed that she has fought through dark times to get here. In her cover interview for the June issue ofGood Housekeeping, the mother-of-two talks about how it was therapy that saved her after she lost one child and nearly died after having another.
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. She was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown on April 17.
Khloe Kardashian hits back at critics of Baltimore Instagram post. The 30-year-old reality TV star posted - then later deleted - the message 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night as protests about the unexplained death of Freddie Gray turned to riots in the hours following his funeral. While over 417,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism.
Disgraced NBC anchor Brian Williams has threatened to make his departure from the channel'really ugly', it has been reported. The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight'.
Is this confirmation that Angel Di Maria is happy as a Manchester United player?. The 27-year-old has endured a mixed start to his United career.
Dulwich picture gallery's'spot the fake' challenge leads to quadrupling in visitor numbers. When Dulwich picture gallery began discussing the idea of introducing a fake painting to their collection, no-one could have imagined it would have led to the quadrupling of visitor numbers. But that is exactly what happened when Jean-Honoré Fragonard’s 18th-century work Young Woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica.
Alistair Brownlee wins World Triathlon Series in Cape Town after tripping during run leg. Olympic champion Brownlee recovered from a fall to claim victory in his return to World triathlon Series action in Cape town. The 27-year-old sprinted away to beat rival Javier Gomez with Frenchman Vincent Luis in third.
Jordan Spieth shattered record after record on the way to his triumph at Augusta on Sunday. The 21-year-old held a a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action and never looked back as he became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters.
Jimmy Anderson and Sir Ian Botham are the leading wicket-takers in England Test history. Jimmy Anderson celebrates taking a record 384th Test wicket for England against the West Indies in Antigua on Friday night. The fact Jimmy Anderson is now the all-time record-breaker in Test cricket proves cricket is a game in which players of completely different character can thrive. It takes a range of types to make a successful team.
Louis van Gaal is the man for manager of the year. The romantics will pick Sean Dyche or Ronald Koeman, the statistics lovers will go for Jose Mourinho or, at a push, Arsene Wenger. But for me there is one standout contender and that's Louis Van Gaal. Think about what he walked into and what he was expected to achieve in a short space of time.
Noel Gallagher: Manchester City need to stop pussy-footing around and drag the fans into the modern game. Manchester City supporters sing a song with the line: 'We're not really here.' It sums up the approach of many of their fanbase – they haven't fully bought into the idea that City could be one of the giants of Europe.
Jamie Vardy is the perfect 10. There won’t be many who can guess which Barclays Premier League player picked up my first 10-out-of-10 performance of the season this weekend. Eden Hazard? Well, he was brilliant but no.
Barnet 2-0 Gateshead: Vilhete double secures promotion. The celebrations will continue long after Barnet’s delirious supporters are cleared off the pitch as the club returned to the Football League following a two-year absence. Three points were all that separated Barnet from the Conference title.
Barnet boss Martin Allen to celebrate promotion to League Two. Some clubs celebrate titles with an all-expenses paid trip to Las Vegas. Others opt for Dubai. As for Martin Allen and Barnet, they will land in Benidorm on Wednesday afternoon as Conference champions.
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg place $250,000 bet on Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. Diddy certainly isn’t pulling any punches when it comes to putting his money where his mouth is ahead of the mega-fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. The rapper and producer placed a $250k bet with Hollywood actor and friend Mark Wahlberg that ‘Money’ Mayweather will come out on top in the bout.
Hulk Hulk at Avengers premiere. Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk lived up to his nickname on Monday night by dressing up as the aforementioned superhero at the premiere of the Avengers: Age of Ultron movie.
Demetrious Johnson retains UFC flyweight title with submission win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal. The American secured a submission victory in the latest UFC pay-per-view event in Montreal on Saturday night. Johnson (left) was able to hold on to the title for nearly the entire five-round bout before tapping out his opponent with a second left.
Dimitar Berbatov insists Monaco can reach Champions League semi-final at the expense of Juventus. Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim put the finishing touches to his squad's preparation on Tuesday as the French club geared up for the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final against Juventus. A second-half Arturo Vidal penalty in Turin last week ensured that Juventus travel to the principality with a slender advantage.
Toni Duggan: England will fear nobody at World Cup finals. England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances but Duggan, who has 11 goals in 16 games for her country, is convinced Mark Sampson's team can go further this time. She told Sportsmail: 'We don't fear anyone, we have lots of belief.
Tottenham tracking Dynamo Kiev's Andriy Yarmolenko. Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Ukraine forward Andriya Yarmolnko as they step up their summer transfer plans. Mauricio Pochettino has admitted his scouts are already working behind the scenes on finalising the club's targets.
PSGermain hold initial talks over £15m move for Dinamo Kiev winger Andriy Yarmolenko. The Ukraine flyer tormented Everton in their Europa League tie last month.
Christian Eriksen has warned Tottenham they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on Europe. Spurs are sixth in the Barclays Premier League, which would bring European qualification.
Alastair Cook has overdone it in the first Test against the West Indies. The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007 — when he was playing well — with a near perfect stance. His front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump.
Tiger Woods: The problem with new Tiger is that obstacles line his path, like tree roots. 'You guys ready to play some golf?' asked the starter. And, yes he was. That's exactly what Tiger Woods was ready for.
Tottenham hold further talks with Marseille over Florian Thauvin. Tottenham have held further discussions with Ligue 1 side Marseille on a potential deal for midfielder Florian Thauvin. The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz.
Manchester United fear Daniel Levy will play hardball should they decided to pursue their interest in Hugo Lloris. And their worries look set to be realised with Spurs planning to slap a £35million price tag on the keeper to ward of his potential suitors.
Pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their child’s health at risk, scientists claim. They say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk – which could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life. UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral, academics from Reading University found.
Osman Yaya, 12, from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday. During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in.
Four-year-old girl who is paralyzed from the chest down gets a heartwarming birthday surprise as she is flown thousands of feet in the air. Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday and moved her to tears earlier this month. Mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation.
Pregnant girl imitates her mum's walk. Captured in a 15-second clip, the youngster emulates the way her pregnant mother walks - and the result is hilarious. The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room.
Uber driver sings along to Pavarotti’s opera to the surprise of his customers. The Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in Boston, America. At first the driver lets the radio take command.
Watchman fights off wild leopard armed with only a stick in India. The incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India and was recorded by terrified villagers from the relative safety of hut rooftops. To try and protect his fellow villagers, the fearless ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon.
Baron Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago. In the footage, the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat.
'Burning people with magnifying glass' video goes viral. Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, has gone viral with a work place prank that involves burning his unsuspecting friend in a van. Capturing the video from his camera phone, the plasterer initially films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying lens, which he moves back and forwards.
A nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as her paralyzed patient suddenly got up out of her wheelchair and walked towards her. Bailey Murrill, of Denton in Texas, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital. She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and when her favorite nurse came on shift decided to surprise her by getting up out her chair. The nurse is clearly shocked as she screams before she grabs Bailey and hugs her tightly.
Rita Wilson appears with an ensemble of actresses in a satirical new video promoting gender equality which ironically proclaims: 'It's only fair that men should have it all.' The clip, which was created by the Make it Fair Project, presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood, which means that, more often than not, males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry's most important positions.
Can a child recognise their mother simply through touch and scent?. In a heart-warming video that will have you reaching for the tissues, six real-life women and their children are gathered to find out the answer.
Mysterious hairless creature chews its way through steel cage. The description for the unsettling video - uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung - claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay. The clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs. The vision has fuelled heated debates around the species of the ambiguous beast, with a string of different accounts coming to light.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy - known collectively as Slide Christchurch - videoed themselves descending New Zealand's Dunedin's Baldwin Street on three-wheeled vehicles known as'slide trikes'. The short clip opens with a warning message, before the riders take their position at the top of the hill, famed for its 35 per cent gradient. After a quick thumbs up, the three men begin their descent – the video is captured on a helmet camera.
Shibu Inu and husky bark at each other in hilarious video. The pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion. Captured on video, the puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound.
Tanguy Pepiot's victory turned to ashes in his hands after he slowed down to celebrate his win and got overtaken by rival Meron Simon. This is the moment a college athlete's victory turned to ashes in his hands after he slowed down to celebrate his victory and got overtaken. The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second. The home crowd roared as Simon powered ahead - seemingly in an attempt to warn French-born Pepiot.
Curiosity nearly got the better of this cat. Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag.
Woman uses her legs to lift two people on a plank of wood. The footage captured at a birthday party in Sichuan Province shows a woman lying on her back on a stage. Placed across her outstretched legs are two women who are about to become human weights.
Sam the German Shepherd struggles to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch. It's not just humans who have a tendency to nod off in front of the TV as this comical clip shows. Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch. Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen.
Baron the German Shepherd helps get the dishes done at home in California. This helpful dog doesn't mind getting his paws dirty with a spot of housework. Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California. Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods from the sink, before loading them into the dishwasher.
Selfie sticks and extreme sports are not designed to go together, as a snowboarder in Japan proved. While enjoying the slopes in the country's Chiisagata District, the man can be seen decked out in purple holding a matching selfie stick at arm's length. Recording himself from behind, he begins his descent of the mountain.
Saskia, 17, whose username is @saskiaisabxlla, posted excerpts of the exam on Monday with the message 'Boyfriend made me take an @Arsenal exam.' For Saskia (surname withheld), the stakes were high before she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points, or 87 per cent.
Arsenal's Mesut Ozil shows off his new Apple Watch. It's crunch time this weekend at the top of the Premier League as second-placed Arsenal host table toppers Chelsea - and it appears one star of the former's team cannot wait for the ever-nearing kick-off. Arsenal playmaker Ozil can now countdown the minutes until the 4pm encounter on Sunday.
Jon Jones wanted as a suspect in hit-and-run accident. UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is currently wanted in connection with a hit and run accident on Sunday morning, amid reports police found marijuana in his car. The 27-year-old is currently scheduled to defend his 205-pound title against Anthony Johnson next month at UFC 187.
Michael Michael Bisping admits he had expected an easier fight after beating CB Dollaway on points. The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year.
Chris Chris Smalling signs three-year contract extension at Manchester United. The 25-year-old England centre-back had been linked with a move to Arsenal after struggling to hold down a first-team place at United.
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer light up Empire State Building in New York Cosmos green ahead of new season. As has become tradition, the top of the iconic building has turned green for the weekend to celebrate the start of Cosmos' North American Soccer League season. The occasion was marked by two very special guests.
Amla to join Derbyshire for three T20 Blast and two LV= County Championship matches. South Africa Test captain Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for the County Championship club, starting next month. He has been recruited to replace Martin Guptill after the New Zealander was called up by his country.
Allan Donald to step down as South Africa bowling coach after four years. Allan Donald has confirmed he will step down from his role as bowling coach at the end of the year. The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II (shown). They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to.
Republican lawmaker Randy Boehning, 52, who's represented Fargo since 2002, sent messages and a photo of his penis to a 21-year-old gay man in Bismark named Dustin Smith. Smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story, and explicit photo, to the press. But, while admitting he's gay and uses Grindr, the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays.
REJECTION PROOF. by Jia Jiang. (Random House, £13.99) Who likes rejection? Whether you are being rejected by a lover, an employer or a barman who serves a newly arrived regular customer before you, it’s galling.
MoMo Farah will race over 1500 metres at the Sainsbury's Birmingham Grand Prix in June, organisers have announced. Farah, who is unbeaten at the Alexander Stadium for seven years, said: 'It will be good to step down to 1500m and test myself over a shorter distance.'
Th Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer if they are to challenge for the Premier League title next season. 'Arsenal need to buy four players, they need that spine.'
Mother-of-four whose addiction to Red Bull saw her drinking 24 cans of a day claims she has been cured of her habit by hypnosis. Sarah Weatherill, 31, became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine. The law student spent a staggering £5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009.
Meet Meet Seattle's rolling neighborhood of RVs, where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home. The unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist Anna Erickson.
Suge Knight hopes Floyd Mayweather will bail him out after winning his next fight. The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder. Despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas.
Pictures of Suge Knight showing he had virtually no facial injuries after he was arrested for killing one man and seriously injuring another in his pickup truck have been released. Los Angeles Superior Court also released an image of the truck the rap mogul was driving when he ran over the two men.
Wigan 1-0 Wolverhampton: Benik Afobe sends 10-man Wigan to the brink of relegation. Wigan's dire position represents a spectacular downfall for the north-west club who lifted the FA Cup just 712 days ago and who spent eight entertaining years in the Premier League between 2005 and 2013. The Latics will have to face Brentford next weekend without star man James McClean.
Wigan Athletic 2-1 Millwall: Martyn Waghorn sent off, Jimmy Abdou scores late to send Millwall into raptures. If Millwall Athletic are to be relegated from the Sky Bet Championship, then their new manager Gary Caldwell would want to see them go down kicking and screaming. Martyn Waghorn took that a little too literally against Millwall, his red card for a senseless kick at Dan Harding punished.
Petra Wetzel, 40, a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine. She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006.
Canadian tourist who killed Chinese woman at Great Wall of China agrees to pay £60,000 in compensation. Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers after she was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman. She struck her head in a tragedy that was ruled an accident by police.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) Price as driven: £54,180. Evolution: The new 2.
UFC champion Jon Jones hands himself in on hit-and-run charge. UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab 'a large handful of cash' from the car, witnesses told police. According to police, the accident occurred in southeastern Albuquerque just before noon on Sunday local time when the driver of a rented SUV jumped a red light. The driver, whom an off-duty officer identified as Jones, ran from the scene but then returned for the cash.
Michael Essien's £75,000 Range Rover Vogue stolen from driveway of his Surrey home. Former Chelsea midfielder Essien, 32, left the Blues for Italian club AC Milan in January 2014 but still owns the property purchased during his time at Stamford Bridge. The 4x4 was stolen in an early morning raid in Cobham, Surrey.
Tony McCoy: The second act of Tony McCoy's life. On Saturday he will dismount from the bay gelding Box Office after the 4.25pm at Sandown Park – the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle – and it will begin. That is when it becomes real.
Real Madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on Javier Hernandez as the clock runs down on their first option to buy the Manchester United striker. Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said on Monday that the European champions would take stock of Hernandez's situation at the end of the season.
Carlo Ancelotti will not rush into a decision on Javier Hernandez. The striker on loan from Manchester United has scored four goals in four for Real Madrid.
100-year-old New Jersey man killed wife with ax while she slept before he went into the bathroom and committed suicide with a knife, according to authorities. Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli. A motive for the apparent murder-suicide on Sunday night had not yet been determined.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to three separate DUI crashes in Houston that killed 6-year-old Josh Medrano, injured his mother and led to the death of a homeless man. Police in Houston say a 34-year old man got behind the wheel of his car while under the influence Sunday, leaving a path of destruction in his wake and killing two people.
Cournswood House, the former home of wartime codebreaker Dillwyn Knox. With its gabled, late-Victorian red-brick exterior and oak-panelled interior, the English country house at the heart of the recent Oscar-nominated drama The Imitation Game, about the cracking of Germany's wartime Enigma code. So it is appropriate that at least two of the property's long-term residents have had strong Bletchley connections. The property is in the south of Buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean.
Mel Greig pens open letter to the media warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events. After weeks of being hounded for a comment on the expected birth of the new royal baby, Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events. The former 2Day FM co-host, who shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call, penned the letter to ask the
Wolf Hall codpieces were too small and should have been double the size, expert says. The codpieces used in the hit BBC drama Wolf Hall have been criticised for being 'way too small' and 'easily missed', according to an expert. Victoria Miller, who has researched the codpiece for her PHD, said those used would have been far too modest for Henry VIII's court. Scroll down for video 'They're way too small to be accurate – they should be at least doubled the size,' said the Cambridge academic, according to the Guardian 'You can kind of see them there, but they aren't
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn is back in the ring and the 51-year-old, dubbed the 'Dark Destroyer', has certainly still got what it takes. Ilford-born Benn, who now lives in Australia and works as a charity worker, looked as sharp as ever as he joined in a playful pad session with Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym.
Micah Richards wants to prove he can still be a force in England. When Fiorentina's season ends next month, he won't be jetting off on his summer holidays. For the moment, summer is cancelled for the defender - at least until he knows where he'll be playing next season.
Andy Carroll is stepping up his return to fitness following knee surgery in Dubai ahead of next season. The West Ham striker is currently overseas with a Hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow as he continues his recovery.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday.
Lioness brings down a giraffe all by herself. The desperate predator looked to be getting in difficulty as she struggled to take down the tall animal. But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed. The lioness locks its teeth on the giraffe's leg, the animal already visibly wounded.
Real Madrid's Martin Odegaard left starstruck by Cristiano Ronaldo. Having presumably grown used to being in the company of one famous Ronaldo, Real Madrid’s teen sensation Martin Odegaard on Wednesday appeared to be left star struck by another. The 16-year-old was pictured with former Brazil international Ronaldo as he paid a visit to the club.
Paige VanZant proved she is more than just hype with a dominant performance over Felice Herrig. The 21-year-old, one of the few UFC athletes to be awarded an individual contract with Reebok,.
Paige VanZant and Herrig had to be separated after getting too close during the traditional staredown at the UFC Fight Night weigh-in in New Jersey on Friday night. The two women will face off in the strawweight division at the Prudential Center in Newark on Saturday night.
Jose Mourinho needs to be more expansive in the Champions League next season – that’s for sure. Chelsea won the game, and they did it in typical Mourinho fashion – by not wanting possession of the football.
David Raven: Celtic should be ashamed of themselves. A 30-year-old Scouser released by Shrewsbury and Tranmere in recent years was the hero of Scottish football at the weekend. David Raven stabbed home the winner to take Inverness Caledonian Thistle to the Scottish Cup final.
Louis van Gaal is about to re-assert himself at the very top again. I conducted a poll on my radio show recently, and more than 70 per cent of those who voted believe Manchester United will win the title next season. Is it heart ruling the head among the United faithful?.
Prosecutor Teana Walsh, who is paid by Michigan taxpayers to pursue justice, wrote an unhinged post on her Facebook urging a deadly response to violence in the troubled Maryland city. Walsh an assistant prosecutor in Wayne County, which includes Detroit, aired her point of view late Monday night, Fox2 Detroit reported.
Police van in which Freddie Gray supposedly sustained his fatal injuries does not come with a bolt sticking out from the back door, Chevrolet has confirmed. Designs from the car maker show that the Chevrolet Express - the vehicle used by the Baltimore Police Department - is smooth on the inside of both cage doors. The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force which emerged today in a report of its internal investigation into Gray's death.
Georgia Davis is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in Britain. She is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food which has rendered her immobile.
Mother-of-four snaps X-rated phallic cloud on work break. Labourer Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above Zuccoli -25km southeast from Darwin - on Friday morning. The mother of-four told Daily Mail Australia she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works.
One Baltimore police officer throws a rock back at protesters. Violent protesters in Baltimore, Maryland injured several police officers on Monday, throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor. While most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters, one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters even as the nation watched on live TV.
Adverts from the 1960s and 1970s: A look back at some of the more comical adverts. If the ad world's top gunslingers now rely on more modern methods of reaching their audience including hopping across multiple media platforms to reach them, once it was all about a single, thoughtfully-composed image. It's hard to believe that the advertising brains behind them thought they might actually work.
Libyan rapper 'Volcano' performs in front of burning buildings in Benghazi. Calling himself ‘Volcano’, the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in the conflict-ravaged city of Benghazi. Libya's second largest city was seized by the hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year and intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months have reduced much of Benghazi to rubble.
Public housing tenants to pay bond to recoup losses from trashed properties. They are the homes provided to give those less fortunate members of our society a roof over their heads. But with the cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing nearing $13 million a year in NSW alone, the State Government has had enough and is planning to make tenants pay a bond.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011. On Wednesday a Wellington District Court jury continued hearing evidence from a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s.
Stoke City are challenging West Ham for Sampdoria midfielder Pedro Obiang. The 23-year-old Spaniard, who started out at Atletico Madrid, is available for around £6million.
Costello slams Abbott government's approach to taxation as a'morbid joke'. Ever since the government released his tax discussion paper calling for a 'lower, simpler, fairer' system there has been nothing but suggestions for taxes that are higher, more complicated and less economic, the former Liberal treasurer in an opinion piece in the Daily Telegraph.
Marlon Samuels and Jason Holder will inspire West Indies. What Jason Holder did in Antigua and Marlon Samuels managed here will do much for the culture Phil Simmons is trying to create as new West Indies coach. They will inspire their team-mates with their discipline, character and application.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street as rioters clashed with police, looted stores and burned down buildings and cars. The riots broke out following the death of Freddie Gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by Baltimore police. Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said: 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight.' She said the night before
Iran's Revolutionary Guards 'harassed' a US-flagged commercial ship just days before it seized a vessel carrying cargo and 34 sailors, it has emerged. The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic Strait of Hormuz, Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren said.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo ignored reassurances from his chief political rival Prabowo Subianto (pictured) that he would support a decision to grant clemency to Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Former Indonesian army general Prasetyo twice privately assured Mr Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved, The West Australian reported.
Floyd Mayweather dismisses Conor McGregor's comments about being able to 'kill' Manny Pacquiao in 30 seconds. With under two weeks to go until his $300milllion fight, the undefeated champion claims that the Irish UFC star is just looking to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding the fight. 'I don't take that dude seriously.
Tesla unveils $3,000 home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours. Tesla founder Elon Musk has unveiled a'revolutionary' $3.000 (£1,980) battery which he claims can run an entire home for 8 hours. Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could 'change the world'.
Earthquake in Nepal highlights how Earth's land masses are already forming a new supercontinent. The earthquake disaster in Nepal has highlighted how the Indian and Eurasian plates are moving together. And using new techniques, researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years like never before. In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole.
Neanderthal-created stone tools were no better than those created by Neanderthals. The researchers studied stone tools that were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago. They found the human tools (pictured) were no more effective than Neanderthal created tools of the same era.
Holidaymaker James Houlder still has sickness issues nine months after he first contracted food poisoning on holiday in Egypt. James and his girlfriend, Vicki Hood, had saved up for months for the sunshine break at the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh. But within just hours of arriving at the First Choice resort, which is described as five-star on its website, the couple say they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea.
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez last week. The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million.
England Women's Under 19s smash Northern Ireland 9-1 to keep their dreams of Euro qualification very much alive. Manchester City striker Natasha Flint bagged a first-half hat-trick.
Alastair Cook's innings into day three in Grenada was spot on, particularly the first hour of it. What Alastsair Cook did here, particularly in the first hours of his innings, was spot-on. That has to be his template from now on.
Twiggy shows off her age-defying looks as she models her new summer range for M&S. The 65-year-old promises that her latest collection, which will be available on May 14, will instantly update your summer wardrobe with its chic colour palette, gorgeous prints and great silhouettes. She has blonde hair that falls well past her shoulders and is the face of L'Oreal hair products.
Donatella Versace appears in a photo with Riccardo Tisci for Givenchy's new ad campaign. Forget friendly competition – it seems that real friends in the fashion world will do all they can in order to help promote each other, including starring in a campaign for a competing label. And now, it looks like the two best friends are teaming up for a new campaign.
David Haye held in police cell over £341,000 bounced cheque. Former two-weight world champion Haye, 34, was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. The cheque, worth 1.8million Emirati Dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property.
Chris Ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms. Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey believes that the implementing of a Rooney Rule could help raise awareness of the 'covert' issue. Ramsey, the only black manager in the Premier League, has been vocal on racism in the past.
Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson gets his revenge on Erin Andrews' boyfriend Jarret Stoll. The ex-college player was mocked for his alleged drug use by Erin Andrews on Twitter two years ago. But he has had the last laugh, after he jumped on revelations the TV reporter's boyfriend was busted in Las Vegas last week, accused of tying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA into the MGM Grand hotel.
Raheem Sterling pictured smoking a shisha pipe. Liverpool winger is no stranger to the back pages, but he hit the headlines again for all the wrong reasons on Sunday. The 20-year-old is seen taking a drag from the large orange pipe – containing fruit-scented tobacco and smoked through hot coals.
Rare deep sea oarfish washed up on a salt marsh in New Zealand. The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday. Samples of the bizaree creature, known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail, were sent to see Otago Museum.
Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe sentenced to two years in Egyptian jail for embezzlement. Chief executive Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted last September after former Sansbury's business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques. Now a court has sentenced him to two years behind bars for the crime.
Joe Root has bounced back from a difficult Ashes Tour to prove himself as a quality Test batsman. Root showed plenty of grit, as well as talent, in yet another big innings for England.
Russian hiker performs surgery on himself at the top of some snow-covered mountains using only items in his first aid kit. The man, whose nickname is 'Che', was struck by a huge falling icicle, causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma. The blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising, leaving him in pain and unable to walk. In order to get back down to the city at the foot of the mountains, he decided to perform the operation while lying in the snow.
Anders Lindegaard makes the most of the English weather with stunning wife Misse Beqiri. The 31-year-old goalkeeper tied the knot with the Swedish model last year in a romantic beach wedding in Mauritius.
Lance Lance Armstrong has said the World Anti-Doping Agency and others are 'owed an apology' from him for cheating during his cycling career - but noted that the agency's chief rebuffed efforts to meet back in 2013. David Howman, director general of WADA, said this week that he is disappointed Armstrong had not apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs.
Hein Verbruggen, the controversial former head of international cycling, says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI after being criticised by the inquiry into the Lance Armstrong doping scandal. He also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency.
Mesut Ozil needs to start performing to live up to his £42m tag. There is a rich and mildly amusing irony about Arsenal fans calling Chelsea boring for defending well, when these Gooners still celebrate a side that ground out results just to preserve their unbeaten record in 2003-04. They drew four of their last seven, the lifeless goalless stalemate at home to Birmingham a particular highlight. Instead of giving a shallow critique fuelled by sour grapes on Chelsea's title winners, maybe those fans should focus on the shortcomings of their own players.
Can Rickie Lambert sue for restraint of trade?. You can't blame him for joining Liverpool – why would he turn that down?
Louis van Gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn Manchester United into title contenders. Borussia Dortmund's midfield pair of Ilkay Gundogan (left) and Sven Bender (right) fit the bill.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer leaving Manchester City's Head of the Elite Development equipped for the top job. He has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh Football Association under their technical director Osian Roberts.
Barcelona legend Carles Puyol training in US or Qatar ahead of retirement. Legendary Barcelona captain Carles Puyol is believed to be training with a view to ending his retirement from football for a lucrative end-of-career spell in Qatar or the United States. The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at his boyhood club.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley and Freddie Flintoff star in new Jacamo advert. The 25-year-old personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer, Freddie Flintoff, 37, as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand's summer campaign, filmed in Palma, Majorca. The TV ad sees the professional cricketer having an energetic game on a basketball court, before hitting the beach in a jeep.
Tiny robots, the size of an A4 sheet, are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight. Working together, these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene.
Russian space agency, Roscosmos, is attempting to regain control of a spaceship that is spinning out of control in orbit. Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT (07:09 GMT) from Kazakhstan.
Chocoholics can now get their fix guilt-free, as a raw foodie has developed healthy spins on all the classic chocolate bars. Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites, including Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe, and published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane.
Researchers have created a sensor that can recognise the unique shape of your ear, your palm or any other body part you want to use to access your device. Called Bodyprint, the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby. The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres). The card sends notifications to a user's phone if they leave their wallet containing the card behind, as well as telling them the last location they had it.
Man arrested for stealing Elton John's iconic heart-shaped glasses from Memphis museum. Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday. The Rock 'n' Soul Museum reported on April 21 that an employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours.
SsangYong's Tivoli sports utility vehicle promises value for money motoring. Never mind John Prescott's 'Two Jags'. Thrifty motorists whose budgets won't stretch to the favourite luxury car of the Labour peer might consider 'two dragons' instead.
Internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster, this time featuring three curvaceous women and featuring the caption: 'Yes. We are beach body ready.' The original poster, from Protein World, has been subject to much controversy, with many citing it as 'body-shaming'.
Fab Fabio Lovato, 30, created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for Fast and Furious 7 showcasing pictures from where they met in Australia. The one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words, 'Laura I have a questions for you'.
Bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in its stomach. When threatened, the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke'. It can even precisely aim the nozzle at the attacker.
Kit the tabby becomes unlikely mother to four abandoned puppies. Video footage shows the friendly feline named Kit letting the four newborn Chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly. The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment. A note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died.
CarlCarl Froch will be a keen observer when Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence. Froch had hoped to take on the Mexican this month in Las Vegas.
Marathon runner who lost his car before Manchester Marathon finds it nine days later. Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the Manchester Marathon on April 19. But when he finished the race after five hours 11 minutes of running he was unable to remember where he had parked it.
London marathon runner stops mid-race to propose to girlfriend. Jordan Meikle was filmed approaching the spectator's barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near Canary Wharf by his girlfriend's father Mark Harris.
Paul Smith agrees terms to face Andre Ward on June 20. Paul Smith has landed one of the toughest fights in boxing after finalising terms with the unbeaten Californian Andre Ward. The fight in Oakland, California will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title.
Aston Villa news: Jack Grealish ashamed after inhaling nitrous oxide through balloon. The 19-year-old was pictured taking so-called ‘hippy crack’, a legal high, after a night out nearly a year ago.
Alastair Cook is in charge of this England team. The performance of Jimmy Anderson on the last morning of the second Test was one of the greatest I have seen from an England cricketer. He did everything right as a bowler.
Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years. The stadium, which can now hold more than 35,000 people, was closed in 2009 when the Zips moved into InfoCision Stadium. It has has sat empty ever since, Cleveland.com reported.
Counterterrorism police have searched a community centre and a man's home as part of the investigation into the killing of a Syrian imam found shot dead on a London street. They also visited the Wembley home of Burnell Mitchell, 61, who is a director at the community centre where Mr Arwani used to preach.
Father of three children killed in Palm Bay, Florida, speaks out about the kids he cared for and loved. Seven-year-old Lacey McCarty, six-year old Phillip McCarty and five-month-old Christopher Swist died allegedly at the hands of their mother, Jessica McCarty in a botched murder-suicide. Christopher was arrested on March 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident.
Mom of unarmed teen shot dead by police reveals last words of son as he lay dying in ambulance. Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident. According to her attorney, his mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots.
Alexia Christian, 25, shot and killed by police in Atlanta. Authorities have released the name of a woman who was fatally shot when officers say she fired at them from the back of a patrol car in downtown Atlanta. The Fulton County medical examiner's office identified the woman as 25-year-old Alexia Christian.
TonyTony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer. Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous, and the Prime Minister happily obliged.
American woman lets pet tarantula bite her hand. Footage shows exotic pet owner Kayonna Cole holding her female rose hair spider up to the camera as it digs its fangs into her skin. Kayonna, who filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles, remains calm throughout the video but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom.
This is the moment a clumsy baby elephant took a tumble as he rushed to catch up with his mother as she crossed a road. The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa. When the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently.
Baby elephant tramples all over its mother while she tries to enjoy a midday snooze. Captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque, the footage shows the youngster named Jazmine approaching its mother Rozie. With its front left leg already placed on its mother’s neck, the young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg.
Freddie Gray broke his neck after falling head-first into the back of the police van as it was moving, it was reported today. Medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van'.
Man-sized kangaroo flexes his massive guns while hugging a soft toy bunny. Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the Northern Territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan. Sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said he attempted to take the bunny off Roger but was met with hostility.
AP McCoy: I am going to miss what I do... what I did. It was a simple slip of the tongue, instantly corrected minutes after his last ever ride at Sandown on Saturday. After a tearful yet joyous and ultimately unsuccessful afternoon that none of the 18,000 spectators will forget.
Liam Liam Ridgewell on his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders on Monday morning at 2:30am UK time. I’ve been in Portland for the last week.
Tony McCoy's 10 greatest achievements. Peter Scudamore rode an incredible 1,678 winners but has seen his achievements dwarfed by AP McCoy. Here, he identifies what he believes are the 10 finest achievements of Saturday's retiring champion.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker and has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. We take a look.
Who is Stella Maxwell and how did she make the transition from diplomat's daughter to one of the world's sexiest women?. Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat.
£400m jumbo jet converted into a luxury home for mystery billionaire. These extraordinary images show how an enormous Boeing 747-8 has been converted into an enormous home for a mystery billionaire - complete with bedrooms, multiple lounges and an onboard restaurant. The custom-built Boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period.
Fly gets stuck in frozen beef steak. With summer around the corner, icy treats are back on the menu. But if there is one phase transition in which food can become frustrating – by giving us brain freeze.
Saige, five, from the US, concludes the passionate rant by declaring she will move out and stay with her mum's best friend: 'I'm moving on, I'm going to Jenn's!' Unfortunately for her, her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter, responding: 'No you're not.'. A mother has filmed the moment her five-year-year girl decided to give her a telling-off about the'mess' in their house and her brother's bad behaviour.
The gorilla throws his entire weight at the pane of glass at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo. The massive animal - who had been standing at the back of the enclosure - clearly decides enough is enough, and runs at the onlookers. The gorilla then launches himself, and his hundreds of pounds, at the little girl, hitting the glass with such force it cracks. The terrified family have fled to safety in the meantime.
20 Greatest Shots Ever Seen At Augusta National. Ahead of the 79th edition of the Masters, Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club. Here are Nos 10-1.
20 Greatest Shots Ever Seen At Augusta National Golf Club. Ahead of the 79th edition of the Masters, Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National. Here are Nos 20-11.
Lewis Hamilton extends his lead in the championship to 27 points over his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. But the British driver’s performances are almost certainly the most complete of his startling career.
Nico Nico Rosberg was brooding, his face stony, his eyes fixed on the middle distance and his fingers intermittently clapping in anger. He was sitting next to Lewis Hamilton — as close as the German had got to his Mercedes team-mate all afternoon of the Chinese Grand Prix — at a post-race press conference fizzing with recriminations.
Sakhir: 10 years of Formula One in Bahrain. Out of the Chinese swamp, where the Shanghai Circuit was built, and straight into the desert of Bahrain - only in a Formula One World Championship. But as the F1 circus quickly ends up in Bahrain after the Chinese Grand Prix, some things don't appear to have changed at all.
Shanghai arrived with a bang in Formula One and while races in recent seasons haven't quite had the same excitement seen during its early years, there is enough substance for it to be an intriguing watch on race day. For instance whether the Chinese Grand Prix is held as a potential title decider late on in the year (2004-2008) or as an early opener (2009-present) it can often be hit with outside variables; wet conditions often sprinkling some unpredictability over a weekend.
Zafar Ansari: England's brains trust will take on an extra dimension if Surrey all-rounder makes his international debut against Ireland. England's dressing-room brains trust is set to take on a new dimension if the Surrey left-handed batsman makes his ODI debut in Malahide on May 8. The 23-year-old Ansari, who celebrated his call-up with four Essex wickets, graduated from Cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics and sociology.
Nicklas Bendtner dropped from Wolfsburg squad for Schalke draw. Former Arsenal flop Nicklas Bendtner was not included in the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's draw against Schalke as punishment for turning up late for training on Friday. The Denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped from the entire squad.
Bournemouth to hold off on expansion of Goldsands Stadium. The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand. Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals.
Manchester United have confirmed their plans to revisit the USA on pre-season this summer after agreeing to Louis van Gaal's desire to head to America rather than Asia. United's shirt sponsors Chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the Far East as the American car giant seeks to expand its business in that part of the world.
Chelsea will face Paris Saint-Germain, the French team who knocked Jose Mourinho’s side out of the Champions League this season, in a pre-season friendly in July. The Blues, who were sent crashing out on away goals at the last-16 stage following a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge, will play PSG in North Carolina on July 25.
RaRaheem Sterling was told in no uncertain terms by Liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer on the day he was parading the club's new home kit at Anfield. The new gingham design, presented to supporters at Anfield on Friday, is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance, who struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers.
Liverpool have become the first Premier League club to release their new kit to be used for the 2015-16 campaign, with New Balance taking over in supplying the Merseyside club. It ends three seasons of the Reds having their kit manufactured by Warrior where, despite a string of smart home strips, away kits ranged from the bright to the bizarre.
West Hammers join fellow Barclays Premier League sides Everton and Hull in partnering with the former England kit makers. Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s.
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour of the US, despite their world-record deal with adidas. The club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July.
How to revive a stale loaf of bread by running it under the tap. For many people there is nothing worse than wasting food, especially when it comes to that half eaten loaf. But now Bon Apetit has come up with a genius way to revive your stale loaf.
Google searches reveal the areas around the world that seem to be most concerned with sexually transmitted diseases. By far, the most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) which can cause cervical cancer. The map above shows the countries in Europe with the highest and second highest number of searches per capita for different sexually transmitted Diseases.
Newcastle United fans urged to stand up in protest against owner Mike Ashley. Newcastle supporters have been encouraged to ‘Stand Up To Ashley’ when they face Swansea at St James’ Park on Saturday. Fans are unhappy at the club's lack of ambition, despite owner Ashley having £34million in the bank.
Ben Stokes must channel his aggression in the right way now he is back in the England team. There would have been no mercy in the dressing room. Nothing is sacred in the team.
Pattie Boyd tied the knot for the third time. She was the woman who inspired three of the greatest love songs of all time and was at the heart of the most famous love triangle in rock history. Yesterday at the age of 71, she wed for a third time – with a soundtrack provided by her Irish terrier Freddie.
Floyd Mayweather Jr is boxing’s undisputed braggart - and a brilliant performer in the ring. Some novelists like to assign names to their protagonists that reflect their character traits or their obsessions. Boxing has always venerated the artist and swooned over practitioners of the sweet science.
Kaka's 'I belong to Jesus' vest was not a disgrace. Eight years ago, after his AC Milan team had beaten Liverpool to win the Champions League final in Athens, Kaka knelt in the centre circle, spread his arms out wide, tilted his head back and turned his eyes to the skies in a gesture of worship and supplication. The Brazilian superstar was wearing a vest on which he had printed the proud statement 'I Belong to Jesus'. It was a striking, bold image of a man not afraid to display his faith.
Chris Chris Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. He took the QPR position after Harry Redknapp, a talented, experienced manager with a good track record of rescuing clubs in trouble, saw the writing on the wall and got out. Ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and, guess what, it has not been an easy job to refloat it.
Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool. I hope that sooner or later, he signs that new contract, or perhaps an improved version of it. At this stage of his career, leaving Liverpool is fraught with unnecessary risks.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao weigh-in in Las Vegas. The richest fight of all time continues to break through the barriers of history – mostly in terms of financial records, naturally. For the first time in the annals of boxing fans will be charged for admission to a weight-in. This formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right.
Amir Khan's father Shah: Kell Brook could have had the blockbuster fight he craves against Amir Khan instead of treading water against Frankie Gavin, if only his promoter had minded his words. Now that Battle of Britain – potentially at Wembley Stadium – may never take place.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $100 bills. Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000. Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight.
James Anderson's 100th Test wicket to go level with Ian Botham. Over the past week or so I’ve been speaking to people who knew Jimmy Anderson in his early days. A few themes recurred: Jimmy wouldn’t say boo to a goose; he surprised his new Lancashire colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away; he was a natural. It was this last point that was most striking.
PSG open primary discussions with Paul Pogba over possible move from Juventus. Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions over a possible move for Manchester City's 29-year-old winger Jesus Navas. The Italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made.
Manchester United have maintained an interest in the Germany international since failing to sign him in August 2013. His representatives are meeting the Italian club's officials to outline what proposals can be put forward to City.
Ander Herrera's form at Manchester United has not gone unnoticed at Barcelona. The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old.
Martin Keown: JT’s never been better. Jose Mourinho's return was the answer to John Terry's prayers. Mourinho said Sunday's game at the Emirates was the best Terry had ever played. That was a pat on the back for his captain.
Martin Keown: Arsene Wenger can not be underestimated. This game is being billed as Beauty v the Beast, but don’t underestimate Wenger. It’s not just about style — he plays to win.
Jack Grealish’s FA Cup heroics will help keep him on the ground. In a strange way, maybe this story will actually help keep the Aston Villa star on his feet. He was outstanding against Liverpool but it was one game — he has not made it yet. He has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide.
Martin Keown on Aston Villa. A few months ago Aston Villa would have been happy with Premier League survival.Now they have a chance for so much more.
Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini at the Etihad Stadium. There were a lot of potential managers in the Arsenal team that he captained but he, more than anybody, looked destined to be a top boss. His star quality was obvious from the start. He is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win.
Spain's'relevo' is a golden harvest. It is legendary now that when the Spanish national team was coming to the boil and about to scald world football for six years, La Roja's own fans didn't even know the water was hot. Because they left Spanish soil having eked out two single-goal wins, over Peru and the USA.
Carlo Ancelotti is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results at Real Madrid. It was just after breakfast, only a few short hours after the rampant champagne-fuelled celebrations into the early morning had ended, but Carlo Acelotti knew exactly what he was saying. Still in Madrid’s five-star Tivoli Lisboa hotel, the ‘fat boy with the bowl full of Emilian tortellini’ (his own words, not mine) told an Italian journalist friend: ‘Yes we’ve made history by winning La Decima — but this is Real Madrid.
Marseille vs Paris Saint-Germain — the hard-nosed, port-city, blue-collar roustabouts against the rich, privileged, capital-city-slickers. Or at least, that’s the way many want it portrayed.
It's Hot or Not time again as IAN LADYMAN reveals what's been making him feel warm this week and what’s been leaving him cold inside. It's HOT or NOT time again. It's hot or not time again.
Ian Ladyman's Hot or Not: Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Steve Davis remain heroic despite their advancing years. It's hot or not time again as Ian Lordman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week and what s been leaving him cold inside.
Ian Ladyman's Hot or Not: Italy embrace the Cricket World Cup (yes, really), a Neville takes charge of England and it's not looking good for the Rickies. It's hot or not time again. It's been making him feel warm this week and what's been leaving him cold.
Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season. Not to Manchester City, not to anyone.
Oscar has been called out by players for being too defensive before, by Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid. Here is an abridged version of the alleged events in the team meeting before the second leg of the 2011 Champions League semi-final against Barcelona.
Arsene Wenger vs Jose Mourinho: The Arsene vs Jose show. I hope when you were sitting at home in front of your tellies looking forward to the latest instalment of the Arsene Vs Jose show that you remembered all important thing: this classic managerial match-up is no capital club sprint, it’s a London derby marathon. And yes, it might well have been entertaining to see the pair.
FA Cup semi-final coverage at Wembley. In telly terms, the FA Cup has had quite - what they like to call in the trade - a 'journey' this season. This weekend saw its TV channel sidekicks deliver a double header with a new ally to help set the scene.
Gary Neville and Martin Tyler are the best of the best. 'You're getting the hang of this commentary lark,' cooed Martin Tyler during Sky Sports coverage of the Manchester derby. Tyler was, of course, one half of the commentary team that was once seen as being the best. That other half back then being Andy Gray.
Harry Redknapp was in fine form as pundit for Saturday’s Premier League encounter at the Emirates. The presentation team were now in the studio at the break.
Gareth Bale could be sold by Real Madrid as they pursue a deal for Borussia Dortmund star Marco Reus. Bale has indicated, publicly at least, that he wants to stay at Real But sources in Spain suggest that the club could be willing to offload him even though manager Carlo Ancelotti has said he wants the winger to remain at the club.
RaRaheem Sterling could force his way out of Liverpool this summer, costing the club up to £25million while saving potential suitors such as Manchester City and Chelsea the same amount. Under Premier League regulations the 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out' the last year of his current contract which runs out in 2017.
Raheem Sterling could decide which of Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United lure Gareth Bale from Real Madrid. A potential domestic auction could be sparked for the purchase of Liverpool's £50million-rated winger. It could decide where Gareth Bale ends up if one club gets Sterling and the other two miss out.
Charley Hull can make it to the very top of the women’s game if she carries on her progression. The 19-year-old has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as world No 1 Rory McIlroy. It puts her in the vanguard of the next revolution set to sweep the women's game.
Jordan Spieth and Henrik Stenson have got this one wrong. One can only imagine the gloomy mood that must have collectively descended on the European Tour's headquarters at Wentworth last week when reading about the acts of selflessness of the new Masters champion, Jordan Spieth. Shortly after being presented with the green jacket, the man who has rapidly become everyone's favourite Texan flew to New York and gave 25 interviews.
Jordan Spieth: The 21-year-old Masters champion is beyond his years. The 79th Masters attracted massive ratings in the USA and there is no surprise in that. They tuned in to watch as perfect a demonstration of sporting endeavour as you will ever behold.
Tiger Woods returns to action at Augusta National Golf Club to practice ahead of The Masters 2015. It is probably fair to say that never before in the history of the Masters has a crowd 10 deep assembled around the first tee at 4.20pm on the first official day of practice. Normally by then the estimated 70,000 crowd are streaming happily to the exits.
Nico Rosberg is at a fork in his career. What we may be witnessing in these opening jousts of the season is the mental disintegration of Nico Rosberg as a racing driver. His reaction to losing to Lewis Hamilton – blaming the Brit for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel closed on him – told us more about his own state of mind than it offered fair criticism of Hamilton.
Memphis Depay could be Manchester United's next Cristiano Ronaldo. Dutch football made a killing in the stock market this week. Yet its rise was not because PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title since 2008, ending Ajax's four-year reign.
Harry Kane can take note of Michael Owen. On February 14, 1998, new kid on the block Michael Owen scored a hat-trick for Liverpool in a 3-3 draw with Sheffield Wednesday at Hillsborough. Doing so on the most romantic day of the year was fitting for the division's newest heartthrob.
Arsenal must go for it and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly-men. Don't be fooled, Arsene. Don’t be caught out by this impressive run of form and think everything is in place for a crack at the title next year.
Eden Hazard is the hot favourite but whoever wins will have plenty of tactical voting to thank. I’m sure Hazard and the other leading contenders — in my mind David de Gea and Harry Kane — will benefit from their team-mates being careful with who they vote for.
Tim Krul: I’m still struggling to work out why Krul did what he did. It is a week since I criticised Newcastle United’s goalkeeper for appearing to congratulate Jermain Defoe at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby after the Sunderland striker beat him with a brilliant volley. I have nothing against Krul, personally or professionally.
Eddie is the man who has got them buzzing. Gary Lineker asked if we have found 'the English Special One', but Eddie is not the Special One.
Aston Villa deserved their victory at Wembley on Sunday and there were two players at the heart of it all. Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player.
Jamie Redknapp's FA Cup semi-final predictions: Christian Benteke v Martin Skrtel, Raheem Sterling v Ron Vlaar, Fabian Delph v Jordan Henderson. Aston Villa take on Liverpool in their FA Cup semis on Sunday with the competition both sides' last chance to win any silverware this season. Sportsmail columnist Jamie redknapp looks ahead to the Wembley showdown and where the match could be won and lost.
Manchester United had four different scorers On Sunday. At the start of the season I don’t think anyone would have thought that quartet would be anywhere near the team, let alone scoring vital goals in a huge Manchester derby.
Jamie Redknapp's top five Premier League goals of the weekend. After a weekend when special goals were the norm in the Premier League, it's not an easy task to pick the best of the bunch. From Jermain Defoe's match-winning volley in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday, to Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea on Saturday evening, there's plenty to choose from.
Mesut Ozil is worth paying to watch when he is at his best. There’s no doubt that Mesut OZIL is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits. But he is worth watching. I’d much rather see a quality player do something special than a bunch of grafters.
Arsenal v Liverpool: Where the game can be won and lost. Saturday's game is absolutely huge for both teams. Win and Arsenal go second to put huge pressure on Manchester City.
Michael Carrick is the best English player in the game. The difference between the first and the second half was like night and day. When Carrick came on, England started to play. Having played in his position, and alongside him, it has been frustrating to see him unappreciated.
Martin 'Mad Dog' Allen: You need all your troops ready to follow orders at the business end of the season. Martin ‘Mad Dog’ Allen returns with his latest column for Sportsmail. The Barnet manager talks about how important it is for the troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the Premier League season.
Carl Frampton-Scott Quigg dead in the water. I spoke to Carl Froch for an hour this week and we have talked long and hard about what he is going to do next. Needless to say,.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18. Promoter Eddie Hearn produced a cheque for £1.5m live on television on Tuesday.
Richie Benaud made commentary look easy. Believe me, it isn’t. But he put in the hard work and he rose to the top.
Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade. If Roy Hodgson’s star names moved to Bayern Munich or Barcelona, would the FA tell him not to pick them? Absolutely not.
Sam Burgess: I’m hoping I can carry on playing in the back row for the rest of this season. Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for Bath on Friday night. The former rugby league superstar spent time with Stuart Lancaster's England squad during the Six Nations.
Sam Burgess's rugby evolution continues on Friday as he starts at blindside flanker against Newcastle. The 'exceptional' clause rule has continued to heap pressure on Stuart Lancaster and his coaching staff. It's normally Steffon Armitage who triggers it, but this time it is Nick Abendanon's doing. He played so well for Clermont Auvergne last weekend – again – that England's policy against picking players based abroad is back in focus.
Charles Piutau is a bold endorsement of Ulster’s ambition and also a boost to the wider Celtic game, below Test level. That boost is much-needed, because there are simmering problems – as exposed and bemoaned by Leinster's head coach Matt O'Connor last weekend. The Australian was infuriated by the softly-softly stance of Joe Schmidt, whose final say on release of Test players meant he was forced to rest a raft of leading lights.
The 'campaign' continues against Chelsea when it comes to penalties - although in a first half with four penalty appeals it was clear that referee, Michael Oliver was only going to award what he felt was a stonewall spot kick and there was only one of those. The Blues had a good shout.
UEFA have UEFA just triggered a landmark moment for football? Final 18 seconds of England match to be replayed after ref disallowed penalty for encroachment... and gave indirect free-kick instead.
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palace's first goal (2), but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks. He was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move — before Dann got the ball (1) and for Murray's finish (3).
Nigel Pearson has created a positive attitude in his Leicester players. The title race might be all but over but the fight for survival is only just beginning. At the end of March, Leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points, seven off safety.
Tim Sherwood must keep his emotions in check as Aston Villa face Tottenham. There will be a white-hot atmosphere at White Hart Lane on Saturday afternoon when Aston Villa come to town. But Tim has got to keep his temper in check. This is about what happens on the pitch.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all enjoyed excellent Premier League campaigns. What sets them apart is their self-belief. Chambers and Stones are still 20 and Dier is 21, but there are no signs of fear in their games. They are by no means the finished article, but their progress is encouraging.
Tony Tony McCoy thanks racing public for making his final two months of his career the most memorable. Tony McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier.
Andy Murray: The final day of Andy McCoy’s career at Sandown Park. He knew this would be a strange day. He was aware it was being styled as a joyous celebration of the career of the greatest jump jockey there has ever been.
AP McCoy: 'Someone will break my records'. Peerless champion jockey AP McCoy described the final day of his record-breaking career as 'the hardest day' of his life as he left Sandown on Saturday night and headed into retirement. And he also predicted someone will ultimately break his multitude of records.
Kaka, Larin help Orlando City beat Portland Timbers. Former Real Madrid ace Kaka and Canadian international Cyle Larin proved the difference as Orlando City earned all three points against Portland Timbers at a sold-out Providence Park. Canadian international Larin reacted quickest to chest home the delivery.
AP McCoy could have ridden Cause of Causes. All eyes will be on AP McCoy as he bids for a dream end to his career but I have a strong feeling that a horse he could have rode is going to come back to haunt him. The 19-time champion jockey could.
Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Andrew Thornton on AP McCoy. The jockey they all struggle to beat but also a rider no sane jockey would attempt to emulate. That is the verdict of Andrew Thornton when trying to explain what has made AP McCoy such a dominant force in his sport.
AP McCoy: 'Feel free to shoot me. I'd rather you shoot me than me give in to the fact that I have to ride again'. Retiring 20-time jump jockey AP McCoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great Olympian Sir Steve Redgrave back at those who think he might perform a U-turn and reverse his plans to walk away from the sport. The 40-year-old rider, who has two final rides at Sandown on Saturday, said: 'To be fair to Redgrave, you have to put your body through physical torture to try and win a fifth gold medal in
APAP McCoy’s mum. Claire says seeing ‘Anthony’ leave left her ‘heartbroken’.
Adam Gemili on Usain Bolt: He’s a joker on the circuit and gives me great advice. I see him on the track and he's always good fun. He likes to make jokes of me!
Becky Becky James is desperate to get back on to the track after her recent injuries. I’ve been out injured for a whole year now, but I'm finally on the verge of a return to regular training.
Royal Bank of Scotland hits £50billion in losses. The state-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £446million loss for the first three months of the year. It comes after RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided, including an extra £334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market.
Atten-shun! The three leaders’ wives were on parade yesterday, marching across the country in support of their men. They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline, ready for their long haul flight to or from the land of Austerity. The only accessory missing were their welfare caps, which they must have left at home.
Arsenal will not start the season at the summit of England's top-flight, following the effective promotion of Bournemouth on Monday. The Cherries official name is AFC Bournheim, meaning their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet when the embryonic table is compiled upon the announcement of next season's fixtures.
Under-fours to be given free vitamin D supplements after rise in rickets cases. The country's chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies is said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition, which is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D. The disease, a scourge of Victorian Britain, was virtually eradicated after the Second World War.
South Korean ferry captain Lee Joon-seok sentenced to life in prison. The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year, killing 304 people. Most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip.
Paulo Dybala price tag: Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini tells Paris Saint-Germain they will have to spend big to sign the 'new Lionel Messi'. A bidding war is set to break out over the Argentina international, who is being tracked by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and PSG. The Serie A side have slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on him.
Theo Walcott understands just how difficult it is now to hold down a place in the Arsenal side. The Gunners' slim hopes of overhauling Chelsea's 10-point lead at the top of the Barclays Premier League were all but extinguished following a goalless draw at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Coquelin defends Giroud after Thierry Henry claims Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League. Francis Coqueline has jumped to the defence of team-mate Olivier Giroud following Thiersry Henry's claim that Arsenal must sign a new striker as well as three more players if they are to compete for the title. Henry questioned whether Arsenal can win the title with Giroud in attack.
Giroud has admitted he gets ‘p*****’ with people talking about his latest hairstyle rather than his ability on the pitch for Arsenal. Giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about Arsene Wenger praising his animal instincts in Arsenal’s attack in the build-up to their 0-0 draw with Chelsea.
Asiana Airlines plane makes crash landing at Hiroshima Airport in Japan. Twenty people have been injured after a plane made a crash landing and skidded off the runway at Hiroshima airport in Japan. There were believed to be 74 passengers and seven crew members on board.
Fi Fiorentina 2-1 Dynamo Kiev. Mario Gomez's predatory instincts and a late goal by substitute Juan Vargas ensured FiOREntina qualified for the Europa League semi-finals.
Bolivian dinosaur tracks revealed on a vertical 'wall'. Landslides have exposed trails of dinosaur footprints running along a near-vertical rock face in Bolivia. The attraction, at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints - and frequent landslides reveal new ones.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers. In fact, sellers who end their price with '00' typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger tells Manchester City not to waste their time in trying to sign Jack Wilshere. Arsenal have moved into second in the Premier League following a run seven straight wins. They are seven points adrift of leaders Chelsea.
New dinosaur with bat-like wings has been discovered by a farmer in China and is now helping to shed new light on the evolution of flight. Palaeontologists in China say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago. The strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bat’s wing. Scientists believe the dinosaur, which they have named Yi qi, meaning ‘strange wing’, may have glided or even flown through the air.
Ravel Morrison poses in new Lazio bathrobe. The 22-year-old, who was released from his last contract at West Ham following a series of disciplinary problems, is currently training with the Serie A side ahead of his summer move. Morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January, but is unable to make his debut for them until next season.
Shakhov's late winner sends Dnipro into Europa League semi-finals. It may have taken 170 minutes to come but super sub Yevhen Shakhov earned Dnipropol a place in the Europa League semifinals after breaking Brugge hearts with a late winner on Thursday night. The midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass as the Ukrainian's hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time after last week's goalless draw in Belgium.
Cat and mouse battle it out on a shed roof in Somerset. The snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in Shepton Mallet, Somerset, illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town. Ironically the pet cat's name is Mouse.Unfortunately for this mouse that's where all similarities between the moggy and its namesakes end.
Zenit St Petersburg 2-2 Sevilla: Kevin Gameiro saves Beto's blushes with late equaliser to send Europa League tie into extra time. Kevin gameiro saved his goalkeeper Beto saved his blushes to put Zenit into the last four of the Europa League. Beto had looked to have cost his side their progress, before substitute Gameiro arrived to slot home with five minutes remaining.
Jaysh Al-Islam shows off 1,700 troops, fleet of armoured tanks and special forces soldiers in impressive military parade. Dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims is the 'largest military parade witnessed' since the dawn of the Syrian revolution in 2011. The group operates in the embattled Syrian city of Damascus and their ongoing battle against President Bashar Al-Assad is reportedly funded by the wealthy nation of Saudi Arabia. The Arab kingdom has sent millions of dollars to arm and train their fighters.
Social media experts say they have found a shocking connection between online traffic in downtown Baltimore on Monday and activity recorded during last year's violent protests in Ferguson, Missouri. The firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence. Not all the accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous, reports Fox News. One account - also linked to the recent union protests in New York City and other disturbances - tweeted photos of Gray's funeral and used language anticipating Monday's violent
The world’s most restricted countries. Owning a passport opens up a world of possibility and freedom for travellers - or so you would think. In some countries around the world, even if you are lucky enough to have access to the government-issued documents, you are still restricted and barred from several countries.
We Are Handsome Activewear Australia show: Four strong, muscular women show off their yoga skills. Lindy Klim, along with former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp, wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses at the We are Handsome Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show in Sydney on Tuesday night. Strong is the new sexy: The show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington and featured real life fitness influencers Lindy, Amanda, Juliette, and SJana
Australian designer Akira Isogawa sends models down the runway with faces covered in sequins. While some models were embellished with just sequinned brows, others sported an entire mask of face bling. The new beauty trend?
1313-year-old boy who was allegedly locked in a basement for 11 days has testified against his father and stepmother in court, saying his home was a'very terrible' place where he was beaten with a plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children. He revealed his treatment was so horrific, he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents' torture.
Serena Williams beats Sara Errani in Fed Cup play-off in Brindisi. Top-ranked Serena had to fight back from a set down and figure out how to deal with strong winds before overcoming Italy's Sara Errrani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup match. The world no 1's power proved to be too much for the 15th-ranked Italian.
Man smacks a huge wolf spider with a broom and sees hundreds of baby spiders explode from its body. Killing a spider is one thing but seeing hundreds of babies explode from it afterwards would freak out anyone. This was the case in Hallett Cove, South Australia, when a man smacked a wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor. The scene was greeted by the voice of a woman in the background saying: 'Ahhhhh, kill it!!'.
Serena Williams beats Carla Suarez Navarro to claim eighth Miami Open title in 14 years. The world No 1 won the final 10 games in a 6-2 6-0 demolition of her Spanish opponent to claim her third straight title at an event she has dominated since winning her first crown back in 2002. Williams, who earlier this week claimed her 700th career victory, never looked back after claiming a crucial break in the sixth game.
The confused bird was seen swimming in the Grand Union canal earlier this month after apparently flying into London along the Thames. More commonly seen in Iceland and the North Atlantic, it was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford. Its holiday came to an end when a canal-boat resident caught sight of its distinctive beak and alerted the appropriate authorities. Steve Knight, of the Swan Sanctuary in nearby Shepperton, caught the bird, which has now been handed over to a specialist centre in Dorset, where he is being nursed back to full health.
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the Hammam al-Alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment. When the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered.
Newborn baby girl found dead in garbage can outside Ohio sorority house was born alive and then suffocated. A preliminary ruling from the Muskingum County coroner on Monday said the baby was nearly full term when she was born, NBC4 reported. The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name.
Man charged with multiple counts of sexual abuse against young boys kills himself days before trial. Chad Geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home. He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013.
Neymar ties David Luiz in knots as Barcelona reach Champions League semi-finals. All well and good having Brazilians in your team but they have to be the right ones – Barcelona reached the Champions League semis at the Nou Camp at Paris Saint Germain’s expense and Neymar tied David Luitz in knots in the process. There were no Luis Suarez nutmegs this time but the former Chelsea defender found himself backpedaling hopelessly.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic Stops Gabriel Gonzaga in Krakow. Mirko ‘Cro Cop’ Filipovic delivered on his promise to exact revenge as he stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round of their long-awaited heavyweight rematch in Krakow. Eight years after their first encounter in which Gonzaga delivered a stunning knockout, Filipovic endured a tough opening two sessions before making his move.
Finland drops depth charges on suspected Russian submarine near Helsinki. The Finnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine in the sea outside Helsinki after twice detecting the presence of a foreign object. The navy said it noticed an underwater target yesterday and again this morning and fired some warning charges the size of grenades.
Russian nuclear submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday. The 500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk, 620 miles north of Moscow.
Eug Eugenie Bouchard poses with Sports Illustrated cover model Hannah Davis in Miami. The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world No 85 Lesia Tsurenko at Indian Wells.
Serena Williams will be 34 at the end of a summer that she looks all set to enter without having been beaten on tour in 2015. She heads into Saturday's final of the Miami Open with a 17-0 record, and will surely extend that winning sequence against the admirable but somewhat limited Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro.
Russia are on the brink of making the Fed Cup final with a 2-0 lead after Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat Germany's Sabine Lisicki on Saturday.Pavia saved the match point in the second set before going on to win 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3, after Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Julia Goerges in straight sets in the opening rubber.
Petra Kvitova beats Caroline Garcia to send Czech Republic into Fed Cup final. Defending champion Czech Republic reached the fourth Fed Cup finals in five years by defeating France after Petra Kivitova won the first reverse singles Sunday. In a match of two big-hitting players, fourth-ranked Kvita beat world no 29 Caroline Garcia 6-4, 6- 4 for an insurmountable 3-0 lead.
Harry Kane, Frank Lampard and Eden Hazard arrive for PFA Awards. The stars were out in full force on Sunday evening ahead of the 42nd PFA awards at the Grosvenor House in London. Dressed to the nines alongside girlfriend Kate Gooders, Tottenham striker Harry Kane appeared excited.
Gloucester's Jonny May insists best years of his rugby life are ahead of him. Just a couple of months after scoring a sensational first international try against New Zealand, May was axed for striking the wrong note by ignoring an overlap in England's Six Nations win over Italy. He was told to go away and learn his lessons.
Serena Williams beats Giorgi to give USA 1-0 lead over Italy in Fed Cup World Group playoff. Top-ranked Williams overcame a stiff challenge in the opening set for a 7-6 (5), 6-2 win over Camila Giorgi on Saturday to give the United States a 1 0 lead over Italy in a Fed Cup World Group playoff. Neither player broke serve in a highly competitive first set, which was only decided when Giori's forehand clipped the top of the net on Williams' first set point. Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-
ISIS militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an 'alleged blasphemer.' A series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man, wielding a meat cleaver.
James Hook: 'It would be a bonus if Wales call me up'. James Hook claims it will be 'a bonus' if Wales come calling for his services ahead of this year's World Cup. The Gloucester fly-half has a golden opportunity to showcase his undisputed ability in Friday's European Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh.
Cardiff City 3-0 Bolton: Cardiff City 2-3. Bolton look to have secured their Sky Bet Championship status after shocking Cardiff to claim a 3 -0 triumph in the Welsh capital. Craig Davies bagged a brace.
NovNovak Djokovic overcame a strong challenge from Rafael Nadal to reach the Monte Carlo Masters final. The world No 1, who is bidding to win.
At least 30 Ethiopian Christians beheaded and shot by ISIS in Libya. The 29-minute video, titled 'Until It Came To Them - Clear Evidence', shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive, thought to be in the south and the west of the country. The victims are forced to kneel in front of the militants before being shot at point-blank range simultaneously.
Belle Gibson still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles. Controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson is being investigated by Victoria Police despite reports police had dropped the investigation. Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson after people began to question her cancer claims.
Three Russian warships spent the winter docked inside a closed naval base in the Arctic. Concerns are growing over Russian ships that have docked in a once-secret Arctic naval base. Some experts have criticised the shutting down of Olavsvern Naval Base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of Tromsoe.
Germanwings pilot Andreas Lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name 'Skydevil', it has emerged. The chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home, according to German newspaper Bild. Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive'.
April Fools prank leads to apartment fire near Grand Valley State University. What started out as a harmless prank turned out to be anything but funny when the joke resulted in a fire at an apartment near a college campus Wednesday.
Tom Brady and Michael Jordan join forces for April Fool's Day. Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast. He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation.
The best hot cross buns on offer this Easter. Harriet Arkell has tested out the best of the batch this Easter. Here are the best.
Young women can still get cheaper car insurance than young men despite sex equality laws, economist warns. Stephen McDonald, of Newcastle University Business School, analysed this pay-by-job system. He found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers, which are female-dominated roles.
Starbucks is embroiled in fresh controversy over its tax affairs after it was accused of using a little-known British company to avoid paying taxes across Europe. The U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission over some of the methods it used to lower its tax bills.
Nurse DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall about a half a mile down the road from where he asked her to halt her vehicle. Good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m.
Binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain well into adulthood, a new study has warned. This is because drinking excessive amounts of alcohol when young can damage the brain and cause permanent changes to DNA. This, in turn, can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism, researchers found.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years. The star – known as W75N(B)-VLA2 – is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun, although it is masked by a black cloud of space dust.
EE EE shops are planning to give away free portable chargers so that people can revive their phones wherever they are. Once the EE ‘power bar’ runs down, customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any EE shop, or spend four hours charging it up themselves at home.
Over 50 families, all grieving for a loved one lost to asbestos exposure, have contributed heartfelt messages to a new moving artwork to help raise awareness, unveiled this week in Covent Garden, London. Award-winning artist Joe Joiner, from East London, has created the art installation as part of HSE’s Beware Asbestos campaign. Many are widows whose husbands were exposed during trade work, children who have lost fathers, and others mourning wives, mothers and grandparents.
Bill Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year's holiday. A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own.
School bus crashes head-on into SUV on Oklahoma highway. Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a Dodge Durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph. It crashes into an SUV on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median.
'King of Instagram' Dan Bilzerian forced into making video about responsible gun use. Known for his life of fast cars, supermodels, and heavy-duty firearms, the playboy gun-obsessive is perhaps the last man you would expect to be fronting a video about'responsible' gun use. But he has been forced into doing so in order to avoid jail.
Sex offender who tried to evade justice by fleeing to Australia caught by police. Steven Allison, 37, formerly of Idle near Bradford, West Yorkshire, had been uploading pictures of himself looking tanned and happy as he enjoyed his freedom in his new life Down Under. But he was unaware the net was closing in as British police teamed up with colleagues in Australia and Interpol to locate Allison, who was living in the country's capital, Canberra.
Book of songs used by the U.S. Air Force contains horrifying lyrics about rape, pedophilia and homosexuality. The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers.
Nigel Farage's controversial claim that foreign nationals with HIV should not be treated on the NHS was part of what insiders called a'shock and awful' strategy. A Ukip source revealed the party had initially planned for Mr Farage to mention the number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis, in the leaders debates last night.
Heston Blumenthal's Fat Duck and Dinner by Heston in the top 100 restaurants in the world. The celebrity chef's iconic Fat Duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the annual poll by luxury magazine Elite Traveler. And his London eatery, Dinner, at the Mandarin Oriental hotel, also scraped through into the top 25.
Father Thomas Brock, 30, died when he was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena, California, after being involved in an argument with another motorist. Police have now arrested brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, and charged them with capital murder following the alleged road rage killing.
Woman forced to give birth to son in traffic behind President Obama's motorcade. Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital. A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery and dispatchers eventually arrived. The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
Swedish firm is hoping to make getting around with a young child easier - and save your aching arms - by introducing the bike seat that doubles up as a stroller. Called Påhoj, it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment.
Teachers are having to use Google Translate to plan lessons as they struggle to cater for migrant children. They also said English-speaking children are not getting their ‘fair share’ of attention from teachers because of the additional needs of those from abroad.
ISIS militants have deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of American-produced Halal chicken despite hundreds of thousands facing starvation in war-torn Syria. The barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of Aleppo even though the meat being was slaughtered according to Islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption.
Kansas has become the first state to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics describe as dismembering a fetus. Republican Gov.
Search continues for missing walker who tried to climb Britain's highest mountain in -7C blizzards. Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen at about 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands. He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance. Officers believe he set off on the mountain alone, despite 70mph winds and rain.
Giant lamb born weighing the same as a toddler is thought to be the biggest ever birthed in the UK. The animal, aptly named Hagrid after the fictional giant in Harry Potter, was born on Tuesday at three times the size of its peers. Dwarfing other newborns on the farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire where he was born, Hagrid's owners believe he may be the largest ever lamb born in Britain at 25lbs.
OctOctavia Spencer shocked and angered hundreds of fans at a recent book signing, acting like an 'ungrateful b****,' say eyewitnesses who were so incensed with the actress's behavior they stormed out and demanded refunds. The 44-year-old Academy Award winner, who won Best Supporting Actress for her role as Minnie Jackson, a maid, in 'The Help,' and is currently starring in the film 'Insurgent,' was at Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective — The Sweetest Heist in History.'
Lorraine Bracco reveals David Chase wanted her to play Carmela in The Sopranos. The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas, nine years previously. Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi.
Anthony Horowitz said books by the comedian – who was the UK's top-selling children's author last year – are 'witty and entertaining' but nowhere near ambitious enough. The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Walliams' Gangsta Granny for criticism, as well as the Diary Of A Wimpy Kid books by author Jeff Kinney.
Boris Johnson was accused of 'breath-taking cheek' after he set out his vision of'moral purpose' in business and politics. The London Mayor praised the Coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s Britain.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming. More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013.
Ed Balls claims David Cameron has a'secret plan' to cut taxes for millionaires after the General Election. Ed Balls, speaking in Leeds this morning, ramped up his attack on the Tories today - claiming that David Cameron was planning a VAT increase and cuts to the top rate of tax. Mr Cameron has claimed that Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family'.
Barbara Walters says that the former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View. She would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton or President Bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again.
RSPCA rescues two horses trapped in narrow alleyway so narrow it could not turn around. Two horses have been rescued after one was found being kept in an alleyway in Bristol, while the other was chained to the ground. Photos taken when they visited show a small horse standing on muddy ground in a passage just over a metre wide, which is blocked at one end with a gate. The animals are thought to have been kept at the site by the side of a house for around a month.
Germanwings pilot Andreas Lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security before crash. German prosecutors said an examination of a tablet computer found at his apartment revealed he had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security, and suicide methods. The revelations came hours after it was reported that Lubitz told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying.
Rand Paul's timing couldn't be better. Kentucky's junior senator is poised to enter the 2016 presidential contest on Tuesday.
NYPD detective caught on video screaming at Uber driver loses his shield and gun. Detective Patrick Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn. The angered detective pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his driving ability.
Canadian diplomat's 15-year-old son to plead not guilty in Miami drug deal shootout that left his brother dead. Jean Wabafiyebazu (left), 17, was killed and his brother Marc (right), 15, has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in Miami on Monday. Marc Wabfiyebazi is due in juvenile court on April 8. Authorities say he would not be protected by diplomatic immunity.
House used by five generations of the same family put on the market for first time in 100 years. The two-bedroom terraced property in Snodland, Kent, was first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in November 1915. The couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline, in the property.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon claims Ed Miliband is'so desperate' for power he is willing to weaken UK defences to win support from SNP. Mr Miliband said the Conservative campaign had 'descended into the gutter' and claimed David Cameron'should be ashamed'..
George Osborne warns that taxes will rise under Labour. Taxes on earnings went up by nearly £1,900 under 13 years of Labour, figures have revealed – as George Osborne warned ‘they’ll do it all again’. The Chancellor said Labour had ‘form’ on jacking up income tax and National Insurance and insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given the chance after May 7.
Photographer John Chapple has traveled all over the world - and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera. Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography, his website says.
Aaron Hernandez murder trial: Jury rests after two months of testimony. After two months and more than 100 witnesses, the prosecution has rested in the murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez. The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back. Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home.
Red Cross hopes to bring vital medical supplies and aid workers into Yemen after receiving approval from the Saudi-led military coalition, an ICRC spokeswoman said. The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen, where the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis. The coalition now controls the country's ports and air space.
Indian man rescued from Wellington Harbour by two brave girls teenage girls has died in New Zealand. Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side, police told the New Zealand Herald.
Elderly widow's dog suffers third degree burns after surgery. Marina Lyons, 80, took her beloved dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull for an operation to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour. The operation, carried out three weeks ago, was successful but when Marina returned home with the ten-year-old Lhasa Apso dog, she noticed lots of bruising on its back.
David Cameron upstaged by six-year-old school girl as he tries to unveil Tory education policy. David Cameron visited a primary school near Bolton to unveil the party's latest proposal to improve education standards, after announcing that under a future Tory government children who achieve poor SATs results will be forced to resit them in secondary school. As Mr Cameron tried to help school pupil Lucy Howarth read a story about 'Prince Ronald' the youngster pulled a series of funny faces before resting her head on the table after struggling with a tricky passage. The Prime Minister appeared completely taken with the youngster who showed no signs of being
Father shoots his wife and two sons before killing himself at their Oklahoma home. Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife, Smita Haval (pictured), and their sons Arnav (pictured) and Arush (pictured together) in separate rooms at their Tulsa home. Their bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days.
First people to cash in their pension pots begin to receive their money. The Government had said that everyone over the age of 55 who wanted to take part in the new pension freedoms would be given a free half-hour session of guidance but just 300 advisers are available. But one major provider reported that customers in their 20s had been calling up to withdraw their retirement savings – unaware they were three decades too young.
Brazilian drug gang's dog lays down alongside its owner and rolls over on its back during drug bust. A dog belonging to a Brazilian drugs gang has proved that learning to drop and roll is not just for humans. When police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair, the loyal canine laid down alongside the owner and rolled over.
Britain's biggest banks have racked up a £39billion bill in just three years to pay for their financial scandals. ‘Remediation costs’ wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014, according to accountants KPMG. The bill has been driven by the payment protection insurance scandal, with banks setting aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers.
Gynaecologist claims thousands of women may be undergoing hysterectomies needlessly. Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs – including the womb – becomes weak, typically after childbirth. Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or 'full' feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence.
David Cameron’s children tease him over breakfast table. Two weeks ago the Prime Minister let the BBC film him preparing lunch at his home in his Oxfordshire constituency. Then this weekend it was the No 10 kitchen that was the focus of attention as he made a pitch for the family vote.
Neanderthal 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. It was heralded as the world's oldest musical instrument; a bone with two holes in it seemingly made by Neanderthals to serenade their companions. But now a study says it’s not a musical instrument at all - but rather, simply an animal's chew toy. The research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and, in fact, all such ‘instruments’ attributed to the Neanderth
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri, the Festival of the Steel Phallus, started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction. Known as the Festival of the Steel Phallus , it is held every spring at the phallus-shaped Kanayama Shrine. Festivalgoers parade through the streets with three giant phalluses, while spectators lick lollies or snack on sausages or vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia.
'Marilyn Einstein' optical illusion shows how images can be hidden with textures, words and other objects. This classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines.
David Cameron and Ed Miliband go head-to-head in unprecedented TV debate. Prime Minister David Cameron, of the Conservatives, narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for Britain. Crucially, 33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed Cameron as 'the most impressive'.
Mother-of-one saves £17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. It's enough to pay for a small home extension – and if Jennifer Drew carries on like this, she might well need one. She has now accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a whole room of her house as well as her garage. Mrs Drew, 31, is so keen on a bargain she even bags items she does not need and gives them away to friends.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG)
Samantha Giufre, 19, suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain on September 7, 2014 after being dragged along the street behind a car. CCTV footage released by police shows the moment she was towed behind the car before being found in a gutter on Myall Road in Casula, south west of Sydney.
Underwear tycoon Michelle Mone is selling her three-bedroom Glasgow townhouse in order to buy her ex-husband out of the 'dream home' they once shared. The self-made multi-millionaire bought the Glasgow property off-plan in the city's upmarket Park Circus area after splitting from husband Michael in December 2011. She paid £780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013.
Self-styled 'anarchist libertarian' squatters set up camp in one of London's most historic monuments and unfurled banners reading 'Homes for all'. The protesters mounted Admiralty Arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the Mall, and called for others to join them. It is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight, as a garbled message posted on Facebook by the group simply calls for 'Christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary messages'. But banners bearing messages such as 'better squat than let homes rot' and'respect existence or expect resistance' were seen hanging from
Gone Girl kidnapper who claims to have masterminded kidnapping of Denise Huskins in California says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English' or 'live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life.' This came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax.
Japan's defence minister has been forced to assure MPs that the country has never been invaded by aliens. Speaking in parliament earlier today, Gen Nakatani promised lawmakers that there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace, and that no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way.
Thunderbirds are Go! Again! 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world, ITV is bringing it back. However, the jerky puppets have been replaced by computer-generated figures.
Teen volleyball player sues league after she was denied transfer. Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club but was benched first two tournaments of the season and was told her skills were not up to par to compete with her team. The sophomore at Woodgrove High School and her family sued the Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association on March 10.
Boy, 10, shot in stomach by stray bullet intended for aggressive dog. Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama, when a man was chased by a neighbourhood dog. A third person suddenly starting shooting at the animal, but stray bullets hit Danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks.
The five-second rule, which has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts, is not as sure-fire as many snackers would surely like it to be. One of the most widespread 'food rules' passed down from generation to generation may actually be a myth.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrate's courtroom Wednesday. In exchange for the waiver, Allegheny County prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced: luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors.
SNL takes network news to task for how they paper over the cracks. The NBC sketch show parodied the daytime CNN Newsroom, which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering. But the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the Germanwings crash.
James Schoenfeld granted parole 39 years after he kidnapped 26 children on a school bus along with the driver in the hopes of asking for $5 million ransom. The state Board of Parole Hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schonfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man, the Fresno Bee reported. Details of the decision to release Schoenfield were not immediately available.
Missing 11-year-old boy Luke Shambrook still missing after four days. Police remain hopeful they will find missing 11 year-old Luke who went missing from a campsite in Victoria on Friday. An increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around Lake Eildon in an effort to find the boy. Search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable that the young boy is still alive.
Palestinian man says he has been 'duped' into selling a valuable work created by acclaimed British graffiti artist Banksy for less than £100 The popular street artist is believed to have ventured into Gaza earlier this year, leaving behind four murals - including an image depicting the Greek goddess Niobe cowering amid the rubble. That painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on the metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to the Dardouna family in northern Gaza.
Fifty Shades of Grey hotel owner Jon Huxley plans to turn his Kent hotel into a swingers' paradise. He plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons and have rooms of differing sizes to cater for couples and multiple groups. He hopes the craze in Fifty Shades Of Grey, starring Jamie Dornan as Christian Grey and Dakota Johnson as his object of affection Anastasia Steele, can help transform his business He hopes to attract tourists from the gay and swinging community for short breaks and weekends of adult fun.
Summer Michelle Hansen sentenced to three years in prison for having sex with five underage male students. A former special education high school teacher has been sentenced to 3 years in state prison after pleading guilty to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students. Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, of California entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felonies related to the sex acts.
Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide see 'blood moon' as it lights up the sky. Sydneysiders missed out on Saturday night's lunar eclipse, but Melbourne, Adelaide and Adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the ‘blood moon’. Wet and cloudy weather was to blame in Sydney, where the Sydney Observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58pm (AEDT) and finished at 11.03pm. Brisbane was also predicted to miss out due to bad weather, but the moon was pictured revealing itself through rain clouds towards the end of a total lunar eclipse.
Teenager scales some of New York's tallest buildings in search of the perfect view. Many of the 18-year-old's vertigo-inducing images, which include some shot 72 storeys above street level, show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers. He describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing New York because it is huge and constantly changing.
Facebook is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users, who can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes. The app is available for free from Facebook's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US.
Sailing sailor Louis Jordan, 37, who vanished after heading out to sea more than two months ago has miraculously been found alive and well off the North Carolina coast. Louis Jordan was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras.
Dogs poisoned after eating paracetamol and chocolate. The Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods such as hot cross buns and onions can be killers – and is urging owners to be alert to the threat. Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014.
Marylin Stoneman, 64, stole £22,000 from her grandmother's 98-year-old partner to blow on her scratchcard habit. Marylin Stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim's pin number, cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs after he went into care at Cedar House, Rothley. But the court heard that she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit.
Chloe the wombat, who first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last December, has found herself a new buddy at Taronga Zoo's grounds in Sydney. She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas who don't seem as eager to snuggle as she is.
ABC is filming a pilot episode of The Muppet Show, in the hopes of bringing the beloved variety show back to the small screen. The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites.
Tutti Rouge's Jessica bra with extra padding for curvy bust. In unabashed celebration of voluptuous women, a plunge bra has launched for a curvy HH cup size. The £38 Jessica comes in a range of sizes, from a 28D right through to a 38HH - without compromising on support. Ashley James, who starred in Made In Chelsea, models the bold collection in a new set of images.
Gary Lineker calls Nigel Farage a 'd***' during TV debate. The former England footballer launched the scathing attack on the head of Ukip after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head for the first time in the historic TV election debate. He said: 'Always reluctant to offer a political view, but Farage is a d***!'
Mass brawl breaks out at casino near JFK airport. A four hundred-person mass brawl broke out Friday night at a casino in Queens. Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino, next to JFK airport, reportedly turned on one another.
Michelle Obama and Jimmy Fallon show off some embarrassing'mom moves' on The Tonight Show. Her mom moves on the dance floor have been well-documented over the years, thanks to her Lets Move! program. But on Thursday night, to celebrate the fifth anniversary of her fight against childhood obesity, Michelle Obama once again busted some moves.
Bow Bowe Bergdahl, the U.S. Army Sergeant who left his post in Afghanistan and was held by the Taliban for five years was found to have be 'going over to the other side with a deliberate plan,' according to a former military intelligence officer. Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' 'The O'Reilly Factor' on Monday night that Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban.'
Google is facing a fine of up to £4billion as Europe prepares to file a high-profile anti-competition lawsuit against the internet giant. The EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent - but proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions.
The moon is set to turn a sinister-looking blood red this Easter weekend. The total lunar eclipse will transform the moon on Saturday night and will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia. The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. According to one US pastor, the event was predicted in the Bible and hints at an imminent world-changing event, but Nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless.
Lizzie Borden's final resting place vandalized. The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint. The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries premiered on Sunday night.
Internet companies ordered to reveal names, IP addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online illegally. In a ruling that could end the reign of illegal online downloading, the Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses and residential addresses of thousands of account holders who illegally uploaded the movie online. The identity of over 4,700 individuals, who shared the content online using peer-to-peer sharing network BitTorrent, will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyer's Club LLC due to the landmark judgement. This includes their names, Internet companies iiNet
French health chiefs say the UK is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink. It has slammed the practice of going out to get drunk as an 'Anglo-Saxon phenomenon' and says it is being copied by increasing numbers of youths on the continent.
Lib Dem plans to ban petrol and diesel engine cars within 25 years. Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040 under the proposal. Normal cars which make up the vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
NASUWT calls for posters warning pupils and parents to respect teachers. The behaviour of some youngsters – who hurl chairs, bring fireworks to school and threaten to slit other pupils’ throats – is so horrendous that staff have refused to teach them. The ‘hospital waiting-room-style’ signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families.
Teen charged with shooting friend in the face and taking a selfie with his lifeless body says killing was an accident. Maxwell Morton, of Jeannette, Pennsylvania, has been charged with murder in the death of Ryan Mangan, 16, after Mangan was found with a single gunshot wound to the face. The 16-year-old has been ordered to stand trial for first-degree murder and possession of a firearm by a minor. He is being held without bond pending his formal arraignment scheduled for May 20.
Big Brother's Casey Batchelor unveils her summer collection with Honeyz.com. She's the reality TV star with a penchant for plunging necklines and figure-hugging fashion, but Casey Batchelor is keeping things super sophisticated with her new clothing range. After teasing fans with some pre-release pieces, the Big Brother star and glamour model has unveiled her collection with HoneyZ.com in full. Casey's new line is full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses perfect for the summer season.
Gwen Stefani's personal trainer Mike Heatlie, 42, who claims to have previously worked with the No Doubt singer, attacked a woman so hard that she lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood. He is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer. He pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court in March to the attack.
The incredibly detailed works of art were inspired by Faberge's famous jewelled eggs, and painstakingly created by 14 of the UK's top cake artists. Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work. These amazing hand-crafted designs are a luxury alternative to traditional Easter eggs.
Dad of 15-year-old girl who fell 19 floors to her death says he is 'distraught' as he faces the prospect of losing a second daughter to social services while his wife remains in police custody. Nick Cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of Blanca after it emerged police are investigating whether her birth, and that of her sister, were ever registered. It is also alleged that they did not attend school.
Six hostages who hid in a supermarket freezer during January's Islamist attacks in Paris have sued French media for broadcasting their location live during the siege. Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by French special forces. The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin - who had links to a network of feared terrorist groups - is understood to have asked the police van to stop in a deserted area, claiming he needed a toilet break, while they were en route to a court in Hyderabad. But when the blue bus stopped at about 10am, another of the prisoners 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape', according to Anurag Sharma, the head of Telangana state police.
Raymond Frolander, 18, was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on the teenager performing a sexual act on his son at his home in Daytona Beach, Florida, last July. After Frolander's arrest, police released his mugshot, which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes, black bruises and lacerations to his face.
Kecil the baby orangutan cuddles up to surrogate mother Maggie at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo. The one-year-old ape has today been pictured cuddling up to the experienced mother ahead of his first public outing this weekend. Maggie, 53, has already raised one surrogate child.
Police were twice called to an aircraft when 'disruptive' passengers mutinied over being stranded on the tarmac for five hours after their plane was diverted. Pilots of the Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night after severe winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester, where the plane was due to arrive at 7pm.
Mother fights off 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle to save her daughter from its jaws. Diwalinen Vankar, 58, had gone with her 19-year-old daughter Kanta, to the bank of the Vishwamitri River, 40 kilometres from Vadodara, in west India, to wash their clothes. As they were wringing out their laundry, a mugger crocodile grabbed Kanta's right leg and dragged her into the murky river.
Andy Murray reaches Miami Open final. It will not worry Andy Murray one iota that his victory over Tomas Berdych on Friday night may have lacked the drama or controversy that accompanied their Australian Open semi-final in January. Instead the world No 4 – next week to be world No 3 – was all business as he produced a performance of clinical excellence to take down the powerful Czech 6-4 6.4 in an hour and 42 minutes.
Blue tit makes the most of a damaged street light by collecting moss, grass and straw to line her nest. Jeanette Rosenquist, 47, was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen, Denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post. The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs.
Queen gives out Maundy coins in Sheffield Cathedral. Resplendent in a turquoise coat by Stewart Parvin and matching hat, the Queen was all smiles as she arrived at Sheffield Cathedral for the traditional ceremony. The Queen was joined by the Duke of Edinburgh to present 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men, among them D-Day veteran Denis Gratton. 'She did say something but I'm not sure what it were.'
Florida woman accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh before offering him oral sex. Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money and refusing to leave the establishment. The bar manager also told police the woman, Beatrize Carrion-Moore, was 'extremely intoxicated'.
Tong Shao, a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University, went missing in September 2014. After a three week search, police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her Toyota Camry.
Wife puts husband on a lifelong sex ban after discovering he cheated on her. Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair after reading his Facebook page. The mother-of-eight monitors his movements, checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume.
England's Ben Morgan confident of World Cup return. England international Ben Morgan has delivered an encouraging fitness bulletin as he continues to recover from a season-ending injury and retain the hope of keeping alive his World Cup dream. The Gloucester No 8 has not played since breaking his left leg during an Aviva Premiership game against Saracens in early January.
Professor Milton Wainwright claims he has new evidence of aliens in Earth's stratosphere. Since 2013, Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince the scientific community that he has found aliens floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet. He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height.'.
The rotting remains of Jose Alberto, 58, were discovered after neighbours called their local council to report the smell coming from his house in the city of San Jose de Balcare in eastern Argentina. Rodolfo Moure said: 'I initially thought there were two bodies but then I realised one was a scarecrow wearing lipstick and a long-haired wig.'
11% of computer science and dentistry students haven't had sex. A new study has revealed that students on computer science courses at university are much less likely to have had a sexual experience than pupils enrolled in other subjects. 11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study, which then broke down the statistics in terms of which courses each person was enrolled on.
Steven Abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the House of Commons in October last year. He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs and hit a security screen.
Ceva Logistics employee secretly delivers baby in a bathroom stall at work. The body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a Michigan office building after police say the mother had secretly given birth in the bathroom and then returned to her seat to resume her work. Police confirmed that the 26-year-old woman, who has not been named, delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead.
'awful' that things parents do to their children- such as giving them a bath (how dare they), putting them in their high chair (so mean), and even giving them cookies (what a truly evil thing to do). #a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction.
Spanish hospital claims it has performed the 'world's most complex' face transplant, allowing a man terribly disfigured by a disease to lead a normal life. Doctors said the 27-hour procedure – to reconstruct the man's entire lower face and neck – is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date.
Nearly 2,000 perfectly preserved examples of poignant graffiti written on the walls of a cave 100 feet beneath the French countryside by doomed First World War soldiers just weeks before they were to join the fighting on the Western Front. The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme.
In a world where girls grow up fast, should these online hot or not videos really surprise us?. At first glance, it appears to be any ordinary play-date for two young girls at primary school.
Scar Booth, which is available from the Apple iTunes store for 79p, offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - and its makers boast: 'Your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating.' The app, which I tested out myself, allows users to add virtual wounds to the photo, adjust the transparency of the image to make it look like it is a real injury.
Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station restored to its former glory. It was once a colourful backdrop for the shenanigans of Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy, but years of neglect meant this piece of film history risked being lost forever. The Gilmore  Gasoline Filling Station has now been restored to it former glory - but people wanting to refuel here will have to be content with a skinny cappuccino. Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop.
DirecTV pulls Rob Lowe ads after complaints by rival Comcast. The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims and the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated. The series of ads, which launched last October, featured the 50-year-old actor playing two characters: a handsome Lowe in a slick suit who is always the DireCTV customer and then an 'odd or awkward alter-ego' who was a cable user.
Poundland has been been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from their shelves over fears they may choke - because they look like Cadbury Mini Eggs. Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations, as they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'.
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition. The family business first began restoring delicate items such as ceramic, tortoiseshell and mosaics. But soon the dolls took over.
Scientists have revealed a sophisticated new dating technique shows that Little Foot, an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa, is roughly 3.7 million years old. 'The age of Little Foot has been highly debated,' said geologist Darryl Granger of Purdue University in Indiana, whose research appears in the journal Nature.
Neanderthals may have been infected by diseases carried by modern humans as they migrated out of Africa. It has been around 30,000 years since the ancestors of modern-day humans are thought to have wiped out the ancient Neandethals. But the extinct species could be taking revenge on us from beyond the grave by making us more vulnerable to potentially killer diseases.
Clare Hines, 27, from Darra in Brisbane, had suffered epileptic seizures for 10 years but had recently noticed that her balance was gone and she was struggling to hear out of her right ear. After a number of tests doctors discovered she had a benign tumour that had wrapped itself around her acoustic, facial and balance nerve – and told her she had have it surgically removed or she risked the tumour turning malignant. She went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah.
Pete Evans dropped as celebrity ambassador for Sumo Salad. Celebrity chef Pete Evans has lost yet another profitable deal after being dropped as a celebrity ambassador by the national salad chain. The food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to Evans' recent paleo controversies.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton. After shooting her twice, he laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself. 'On a desk within (Eldemire's bedroom) is a two-page (suicide) note written by him,' reads the report.
Scientists believe life on Earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago. But while they have been able to put a date on when life appeared, they are still far from knowing how it appeared. Now researchers in the US and Italy say they have evidence that DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms. The researchers found the self-assembly of DNA fragments just a few nanometres in length have the ability to drive the formation of chemical bonds. These connect together short DNA chains to form long ones, without the need for a separate biological process.
Facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty, with some claiming Cleopatra was the first celebrity fan. The first official guide, however, was published in Paris in 1710, outlining the beauty routine of Ninon de L'Enclose, a courtesan famed for her lasting beauty. Nearly two centuries later, Sanford Bennett - a notoriously wrinkle-free San Franciscan 70-year-old - released his book, Exercising In Bed, which gave away his facial secrets.
3,000 U.S. students told they would have to spend a year taking online classes. More than 3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in Gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first-year slots. But after reading their congratulations notices, they apparently realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes on the Internet in order to attend the public college.
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson, 34, who died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley at a hospital in Bromley, Kent. He was called to the Princess Royal University Hospital at about 3.45am on January 28, 2014 after she had gone in to labour.
Philips unveils its latest smart lighting lamp Hue Go. Philips has unveiled its latest foray into smart lighting which, thanks to its wireless and rechargeable features, can be moved wherever you want in your home. The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp.
Matthew McConaughey's $135,000 speaking fee revealed by Texas university. The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying the actor speaking fees totaling $135k plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university. Meanwhile, the statement says he is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future.
ISIS is being led by a highly secretive group of strategists and officials that were once senior figures in Saddam Hussein's army. Despite thousands of foreign fighters flocking to join the Sunni extremist group and starring in their propaganda videos, ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of the late Iraqi dictator's military.
Parents who locked their three children in a room with urine and feces are spared prison. Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, were arrested after police received an anonymous tip regarding the welfare of their children, a 17-month-old boy and two girls, aged three and four. When police arrived at their home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, last December, they discovered the youngsters locked in a'sparsely furnished' room, where they had seemingly'remained at all times'.
ISIS infiltrated a Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus today, marking the terrorist group's deepest foray the Syrian capital and seat of President Bashar Assad's power. ISIS entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the Syrian side between rebels and government forces.
Chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $100 in Butte, Montana. These transactions formed the basis of a lucrative, illicit market that started in 1920s, and grew until Pitkkanen decided to stop in the 1950s.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years since graduating from the University of Glamorgan in 2002. As well as his BSc (hons) degree, Mr Davies, who lives in Merthyr Tydfil, also has three A-levels and 10 GCSEs on his CV. Despite his strong academic background, he has been unable to secure a job.
Faith and Hope Howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on May 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus. They died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west.
Sab Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children last week. But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids.
Clare Goldwin: Can Boden keep its core, middle-class customers happy, while appealing to the more fashionable woman?. Who can resist Boden’s bright knits and floral prints? I most certainly can’t.
White man yells racial slur at family of four in Portland, Maine. The family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old daughter and son. The man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed 'Hey n*****s!' at them on Friday.
Who Are the actors behind this new breed of slightly grubby yet thoroughly enticing sex symbol? And do they ever wash their hair?
Bikram Choudhury: 'Women love me so much I wouldn't need to rape them to get sex'. The 69-year-old yoga guru, who pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105F, has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries. Chelsea Clinton, Madonna and Demi Moore are among his followers.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. Whether you sprout the odd grey hair, spend hours eradicating them or let your silver locks flow free, the latest hair trend is good news for women everywhere.
Images revealing the shocking extent of gender stereotyping in toy shops have been posted online under the hashtag #NotAnAprilFools. The pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys, with females offered pink beautician's outfits while males are offered doctor's uniforms. Products intended for infants are equally polarised, with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads: 'I hate my thighs'.
Harper Lee was not manipulated into publishing her sequel to To Kill a Mockingbird, according to an official probe. State authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author, who is reportedly deaf and blind, was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming Go Set a Watchman, and launched two investigations into the circumstances surrounding the launch.
Mick Schumacher returns to Formula 4 just weeks after 100mph crash. The 16-year-old, whose father won the Formula 1 championship seven times, reached the new category after seven years of karting in what is seen as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top. The teenager stepped up his pre-season training as he drove his Amersfoort car - but was pictured accidentally turning his vehicle across gravel by the side of the track.
Police in Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania received a call from the unidentified juvenile around 12:50pm and rushed to the home on the 100 block of Country Lane. While authorities have not yet officially identified the couple, family and friends say they were Chris and Nicole Peppelman, the owners of a local excavating company.
Poldark's Demelza gives birth in 10 minutes. Within ten minutes of tomorrow night's episode, fans will see Aidan Turner's dashing Ross gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. He may have married his red-headed kitchen maid out of duty, but as he tells her that she makes him a better man, audiences can have little doubt about his feelings.
Canadian man takes rocking chair across Canada. Kalman Kallai enjoyed the spectacular Canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes. Calculating that the drive would take him across a colossal 2,796 miles (4500km) of land, he believed that his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country.
General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, is on fire. A massive fire erupted Friday morning at General Electric’s Appliance Park, shutting down production at the sprawling manufacturing center that employs thousands. The fire broke out in a non-production building, creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away as 200 firefighters battled the blaze.
Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service, which marks the start of Easter celebrations, so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow. The decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day because they both fell on a Thursday.
Aidan Turner has been signed up for a second series of BBC period drama Poldark. TV chiefs yesterday announced the Cornwall-set drama will be coming back for eight more episodes after it helped BBC1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade.
Dutchman abducted by Al Qaeda in Mali nearly four years ago has been freed after a raid by French special forces. The French military said the rescue of Sjaak Rijke took place at 5am today in the far north of the African country.
What tipple to pair with your favourite Easter treats?. This Easter weekend, Australian families will indulge in tonnes of chocolate, millions of hot cross buns, and mountains of fresh seafood and meat. According to Woolworths, their customers will purchase enough prawns that if laid out would stretch from Sydney to Cairns.
Body of missing University of Minnesota student Jennifer Houle pulled from Mississippi River five days after she plunged from bridge. The body of 22-year-old student Jennifer Houle, who vanished from a bar in Minneapolis in the early hours of Friday, was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge. Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge, which is 110ft above the river.
Candice Swanepoel looks like Marilyn Monroe in Max Factor beauty campaign. The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots, which see her don a platinum blonde wig, a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick. Max Factor, which celebrates its 80th anniversary this year, is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935, and delivering her with the iconic look showcased by Candice today.
Mike Whitehead, who was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson for the Tories in Hull, claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at the behaviour of the ruling Conservative group in his area. But the Tories this morning revealed they had already dropped Mr Whitehead as their candidate after he revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a Tory councillor.
New York billboards promote Detroit as an alternative to NYC. A series of billboards posted around New York City are seeking to encourage residents to consider a move east to Detroit. The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City.
Lindsey Walker, 23, from Darlington, spent a holiday from hell at the Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside. Ms Walker's room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in the walls, broken tiles and lingering filth from previous occupants.
'I wish I could be self-sufficient and successful and show the world I'm made of so much more'. By the time she turned five, Amber Rachdi, now 24, from Troutdale in Oregon, weighed 11st - the same as the average adult woman. 19 years later and she hit rock bottom: virtually housebound and in constant pain.
Facebook photos used to scam Austrian woman out of $4,000. Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, first learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago. She told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter before befriending Heinrich online.
Mother-of-two loses ten stone after she became concerned that her size was causing her to look like a man. Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children, reaching a worrying 20st 3lb. However, the determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb.
Scientists have discovered strange new organisms that infect the primitive forms of life that live deep below the ocean floor. While examining species of bacteria that thrive on the fossil fuel deposits deep inside the Earth - known as archae - they have found a new type of virus that infects them.
Nine-year-old boy dies in horrific car crash that also killed his eight-year old sister. Piper and William Kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales' Central Coast at about 5.15pm on Saturday. Police said Piper died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening.
U.S. job growth slows to 126,000 in March, the fewest since December 2013. The March jobs data raised uncertainties about the world's largest economy, which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations for its steadily robust hiring and growth. Employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending. The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent.
Ancient women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. While they may not have had vampire facials, cellulite cream and contouring kits at their disposal, the women of the ancient world had some interesting beauty secrets. Ancient women were known for their beauty secrets. Cleopatra, left, the famed Egyptian beauty, famously bathed in donkey-milk baths, while Empress Elisabeth of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams in the 19th century.
Donny Ray Williams spared jail time for 2013 acid attack. A former Democratic congressional aide who pleaded guilty last year to raping two women was spared prison time on Friday because horrific disfiguring injuries he suffered in an unrelated acid attack will mar the remainder of his life. He's now blind in one eye and nearly blind in the other.
Chef Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's restaurant in Birmingham, created the dish - which is three-foot in circumference - in time for Easter. The overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein, which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man.
Bobbi Ann House, 39, who hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts - with one spouse losing $100,000 to her - is again wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying. However this time it is both House and her new husband Zackerie House, 27, who police are after, accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500.
Greece has denied it will fail to pay a multi-million pound loan following reports it has drawn up plans to introduce parallel drachma currency to pay domestic bills. The country is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment.
Wide Leg Trouser: Louise Redknapp and Emma Willis on the wide-leg trouser. Louise and Emma say to avoid being drowned by too much fabric try a high heeled shoe. There's something effortless about a wide leg trouser that really appeals. And if like us you are growing tired of the skinny jean and want to try out a new look.
Bob Katter accuses Queensland Government of believing embattled MP Billy Gordon is 'a little black puppet on a string'. In a bizarre statement on his party's website, Mr Katter said the Government believes Mr Gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence - and later admitted to his criminal past. 'I can't help but think that the Queensland Government thought they had a little black puppeteer,' he said.
Undercover NYPD officer rants at Uber driver in video. An undercover police officer who was captured on video ranting at an Uber driver is assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force, it has emerged. The New York Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident after the footage was posted online. One of the passengers in the car captured the exchange after the incident in West Village.
AIDS Healthcare Foundation accused of bilking Medicare and Medicaid in $20 million scam. The nation's largest suppliers of HIV and AIDS medical care is accused of bribing employees and patients with kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs, according to a lawsuit filed in South Florida federal court. Employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results.
Adele, David Walliams and Nick Berry live in exclusive Hove street. Known locally as Millionaires’ Row, the Western Esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white Art Deco houses with private beaches at the end of Hove promenade is a real-life version of the TV comedy Stella Street. The sitcom featured impressionists playing celebrities.
Woman shot dead in front of her 12-year-old son by stranger she laughed at while passing him in her car. Denise Chiffon Berry and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday afternoon when they passed by three men in a Cadillac - one of whom had his legs dangling out of the window. The mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the boy.
Baby names that are close to dying-out. The name Gary - once one of the most popular name in Britain - is now heading for extinction. Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name.
'Flash playboy' Danny Lambo buys girlfriend a £10,000 chocolate bath. The boastful 37-year-old hotelier, who has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth, paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in the home of Natasha Flynn, 29, that runs pure chocolate milk. The bespoke gift, which is now available to buy, costs £1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing an astonishing 1.3 million calories.
Husband whose wife was brutally stabbed to death by her own son has described his heartache at her death. Kris Wardle, who lives in Leicester, thought his world was complete when he married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011 with her teenage son, Mark, acting as Best Man. However, less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower, after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark after a row over his cannabis use.
The Price Is Right's Manuela Arbelaez walks away with $21,960 car for free thanks to dumb mistake. A contestant on The Price is Right has walked away with a $21k car courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show. Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history.
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment by bullying male colleagues, an employment tribunal found. Workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user, dubbed her ‘Miss Bonkers’, and said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks. She was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at the Central London Employment Tribunal. They ruled she was a ‘resilient person’ who had suffered ‘disgraceful
James Bowen’s rent paid for by housing benefit. When James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction, it became an overnight bestseller. The former Big Issue salesman and busker has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in just three years.
Health expert slams parents for not taking vaccination seriously after 19 children in north Brisbane contracted whooping cough. Kilcoy State School is working with Queensland Health after an outbreak in the area, but parents have been urged to take vaccination more seriously there. A health expert has accused parents of not taking the importance of vaccination seriously.
Scientists say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. In a study they found that the reverberations of sound help us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby.
Paramedic who pretended he was gay to get close to women before sexually assaulting them struck off medical register. Christopher Bridger, 25, from Stevenage, Hertfordshire, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year. The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as 'a serious breach of trust'.
Teenage girl, 17, sends Duke University a hilarious rejection letter. Siobhan O'Dell, from North Carolina, had applied to the prestigious college in her home state, but on March 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade. She wrote back, saying: 'After careful consideration, I regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the Fall 2015 freshman class at Duke.'.
'Jade' Berardi dies aged 22. Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen.
Townsville nurse Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be forced out of the country within 28 days, after Ms Sevilla's appeal to the Immigration Department was unsuccessful. The single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system'.
Kim Jong-un orders recreation of famous 'pleasure troupe' of young women. Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011. But now that the country's official three-year mourning period has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old The victim's identity has not been released The Orange County Sherif’s office told Click Orlando that the elderly man called the police and told them that Hilbert slapped him in the face twice, knocking out a contact lens The alleged victim told police he was dating Hilbert for 18 months
Mother's wedding dress redesigned so her tiny daughter can be buried in it. Jaye Cox and her husband, Matthew, decided to deliver their daughter Annabelle prematurely on May 5 last year after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida. The family, including her two older sisters Charlotte and Sophie, were able to take photos with her in her gown before the funeral. After they made the decision to give birth prematurely, the Cox's contacted Angel Gowns to help the couple create a dress from Jaye's wedding gown to bury her.
Japanese engineers, who are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids, have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer Matsuko Deluxe into the limelight. The late-night television personality shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night.
David Cameron suggests using jujitsu to 'put Nigel Farage on the floor' in televised debate. The Prime Minister took advice from martial arts pupils about the best way to deal with the Ukip leader when they go up against each other in the two-hour showdown. Sensing he may have gone too far with the threat to to wrestle his opponent to the ground, Mr Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' during the debate.
Grand National superstitions revealed. Winning your flutter in this week's Grand National all depends on a string of superstitions and rituals, a survey has revealed. And research shows that if your tip is seventh down the list or the jockey's racing colours are Royal blue, emerald green or red, then you're more likely to return to the bookies and collect a few bob. The world's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree, which will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million.
Rent-stabilized tenants barred from gym at New York building. The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's fitness room. The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't.
How to discover if YOU are a genius. A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers. The answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
Turkey has lifted a block on social media sites in the country after Twitter, Facebook and YouTube agreed to remove chilling images of a prosecutor being held at gunpoint by left wing extremists. The 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital when two members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage - uploading the photographs of Kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process.
FBI confirms one of its'most wanted terrorists' is dead. Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead. The reward offered by the US State Department for his arrest was $5million.
Labour will ban bosses employing regular staff on zero-hours contracts for any longer than 12 weeks. He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months.
Family of art teacher who died from lung cancer after years of pinning pupils' work to classroom walls lined with asbestos take legal action. Jennifer Barnett worked Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997, when she left teaching to have her fourth child. The 60-year-old died last September, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos.
Avril Lavigne reveals she has Lyme disease. The 30-year-old explained the debilitating bacterial infection is the reason behind her months-long absence from the public eye. The singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her.
NRL.com. Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with a referee during the Good Friday showdown between South Sydney and Canterbury at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney.
Man charged with murdering his five-month-old daughter. Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in Birmingham in the early hours of Wednesday morning. His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties.
Sue Townsend, author of Adrian Mole books, left £1,106,163 in her will. The novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary, Aged 133⁄4, when it was published in 1982. The book, which told of the life and loves of an angst-ridden teenager, was followed by seven sequels, selling in total more than eight million copies.
Mount Everest shrank one inch following Nepal earthquake. Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail. The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass.
Melbourne mother-of-two breastfeeds seven-week-old baby in public toilet. When Melbourne mother Kady Marsh, took her seven-weeks-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular Sydney hotel, the last thing she expected was to be told to put her breast away. It was a sunny Saturday afternoon at the Manly Wharf Hotel. Kady was in town for her best friend's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family.
Paralysed father told he can only have disability grant if wife gives up work. Mike Hand from Haydock in Merseyside became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord. The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation.
Gertrude Weaver, 116, of Camden, Arkansas, became the world's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of Japanese woman Misao Okawa who died at the age of 117 on Wednesday. Weaver, born on July 4, 1898, exercises in her wheelchair three times a week and eats three meals a day at the facility's dining room. The daughter of sharecroppers was born in Arkansas near the Texas border and worked as a domestic helper.
Salcombe, Devon, tops the average cost of property in London. It has long been considered the most expensive place in the UK to buy property, but it seems London is being pipped to the post by coastal Salcombe. The seaside town in the South Hams district boasts a skyrocketing average property price: £671,759.
Unemployed scaffolder punches former friend in the face so hard that he was left with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain. Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, has been jailed for two years for attacking his victim without warning after the pair fell out over a debt of £300. Teesside Crown Court heard that the pair had a 'long-running' feud after Hutchinson borrowed the money but had not paid it all back.
The woolly mammoth became extinct as a result of crippling bone disease that left them unable to fend off predators, according to startling new evidence from Russia. It was previously thought that the hairy beast simply died out from post-Ice Age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man. But now a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, eventually collapsed to the ground and could not forage for
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia while his friend Fredrik Schenholm photographed his exploits. The adventure photographer looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes, while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him.
Pregnant Jehovah's Witness woman dies after refusing blood transfusion. The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later. She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis.
China’s military-style bootcamp for internet addicts. Fed up with Facebook, or coming to realise, in the words of David Cameron, ‘too many tweets might make a t**t’? It may be time to consider a short, sharp trip to the suburbs of Beijing. Here, in a collection of drab, concrete buildings surrounding a large courtyard is a military bootcamp designed with one thing in mind.
Apple’s first iPad: Five years on, it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now. When the first iPad launched on 3 April 2010, opinion was split on how popular the product would turn out to be, and whether the tablet market would grow. Now five years - and 225 million sales - later it might be natural to presume that those who doubted the device have been proven wrong. But amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices, some industry experts have predicted that the iPad's days are numbered.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson won't sign religious freedom bill, citing influence from son. Arkansas Republican Gov. Hutchinson said during his press conference that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law.
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves. She tried to cry out for help, but Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money, the Old Bailey heard.
10-year-old boy jumps to his death after losing chess match. The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6 and died later that day. On Wednesday, police released a report after an investigation into his death.
Robert Durst's first court date culminated in a shouting match after none of his lawyers' witnesses showed up. The 71-year-old real estate scion appeared in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession.
Historic steam yacht on the market for more than $1.2 million. This steam boat has been described as a maritime masterpiece. The 'finest' steam yacht in Australia.
How Much Cardio Do You Need To Put In To Get the Most Out Of Your Easter Binge?. While we all know the key to maintaining a healthy weight is finding a middle ground between the amount of food you eat and the amount.
Sea Shepherd rescues man from sunken African poaching vessel. Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker, which had been pursuing the ruined vessel named Thunder for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities in Antarctic waters, found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat's distress signals were sounded. The captain of a ship that sank off the coast of Africa'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel was entirely submerged, according to anti-poaching activists who saved the man and his crew. Sea Shepherd claims that Thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern
Bath Abbey could be linked to the city's Roman water network to heat the vast medieval church using ancient underground springs. The idea has been in the pipeline for years, but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it’s possible to connect a modern heating system with an ancient hot spring.
Czech Republic bans U.S. ambassador from Prague Castle. President Milos Zeman has been criticised by Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual Victory Day parade in Moscow, despite the crisis in Ukraine.
The price of having a supermarket on your doorstep: Waitrose scores highest - and Aldi the lowest. Having a Waitrose within walking distance is not only convenient – it also means your house is worth more, according to a study. Homes with the upmarket store nearby cost 12 per cent more – or £38,831 – than those in surrounding areas that weren’t near a branch.
Scooter's Coffee Facebook page hacked and flooded with pornography after employee clicks on malicious link. Staff at Scooter’s Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours, starting at 5pm on Sunday, by an 'unknown third party' who then took control of the picture feed. Instead of the usual images of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on Delta Air Lines and Crayola's pages after they were hacked.
Lianne Hindle, 37, dies three hours after giving birth to baby girl at North Manchester General Hospital. The 37-year-old's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit. The deaths, along with those of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital, prompted an investigation. The mother-of-four suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal-hit hospital in December.
Archbishop of Canterbury calls for non-violent resistance to persecution by extremists. The archbishop said their Christian faith meant the martyrs would defeat evil despite ‘their cruel deaths, the brutality of their persecution’. Dr Welby told his congregation that the killing of Christians over the past year had been a ‘wicked’ development. ‘To witness is to be a martyr’.
Brighton pensioner Bette Carrouze is partying away her final years on Brighton's gay scene. She might be well into her eighth decade but Bette, 78, from Brighton, has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes. Instead, the single mother of two is partying.
Woman Woman who urinated in her in-laws' cups of tea everyday for a year was caught red-handed when her mother-in-law walked into the kitchen and found her squatting over the teapot. Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, had turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34, in the district of Indore in central India's Madhya Pradesh State.
Police officer who had sex with women he met on duty branded a 'disgrace'. Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of being a beat officer in Longton, Stoke-on-Trent, to have sex with five women, Birmingham Crown Court heard. He was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules.
Lindsay Lohan has been living in London for the past year and says she likes it so much, she doesn't see herself returning to the States any time soon. The 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage, starring in a West End production of David Mamet’s Speed The Plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews - and seems intent on remaining in the UK for the foreseeable future.
Flor Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, but say they would deny service to gay people regardless of the legality. Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but 'It doesn't mean that I love them any less.'
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended.
Hundreds of foreigners have been evacuated from Yemen after weeks of fierce fighting in the war-torn country. China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone in an unprecedented move by its military.
11 former Atlanta public school educators convicted of racketeering in cheating scandal. In one of the biggest cheating scandals of its kind in the U.S., 11 former teachers, principals and administrators were convicted in a scheme to inflate students' scores on standardized exams. The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system.
Morgellons disease: Woman who claims to have suffered from the disease for most of her life is hospitalized after she was found unconscious at her home. It is the disease the medical community refuses to accept, and most experts claim is just a mental illness. But one woman has dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition.
Woman Woman charged with murder in murder of husband David Messerschmitt. Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old Washington, D.C. lawyer David Messermitt on February 9.
Lois Lerner won't be charged with a crime for refusing to answer questions. After nearly two years of jockeying with Congress over the IRS's history of discriminating against conservative nonprofit groups, former official Lois Lerner will not be charged. U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen, on his last day in office, told House Speaker John Boehner that Lerner could wrap herself in the Fifth Amendment, even though she offered a self-serving opening statement before clamming up.
London commuters face traffic chaos as firefighters battle to extinguish underground blaze that has been raging for more than 24 hours. More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn which apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke. Although the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely, and firefighters still do not know the cause.
Baby dies with cocaine in her stomach despite being reported to social services five times. A six-month-old baby died with traces of cocaine in the stomach despite her drug-user parents being reported five times. Small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant, known as Mary, who died suddenly in 2013, after a lengthy stay in Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool. Mary was the youngest child in a family of four children born to a mother aged 30 and a father aged 33.
Mother sues local council over claims it ignored complaints of bullying that left autistic daughter with post-traumatic stress disorder. Tracy Stratton said her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at Greenacres Primary School in Eltham, south east London. She claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house.
Ed Miliband has been getting a lot of praise for admitting that he 'blubbed' while watching Pride, a British film released last year. It’s a rose-tinted, nostalgic look back at a critical moment in 20th-century British history. Every drop of sentiment is wrung out of the story, with brave young men and women risking their lives to take on an evil dictator.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 by a jury last week. The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
David Cameron and wife Samantha rule out having another baby. David Cameron has made no secret of the fact that he gets broody around babies, but his wife Samantha has ruled out adding to the family in Number 10. In another joint interview on the election campaign trail, the couple were insistent that they are not planning more children, with Mrs Cameron revealing her doctor has told her: 'No way, Jose.'
Shauna McGlasson, 25, was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles at the Alice And Wonderland ride at Blackpool Pleasure Beach in August last year. Shauna, who was a takeaway addict, was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time and the toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself.
Married couple killed in plane crash as they made surprise visit to see family. David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the Scottish highlands. The pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rous's light aircraft to see his wife's mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides on Saturday.
Tiger Woods to play at the Masters next week. Tiger Woods ended a week of speculation and debate over the state of his game by announcing on Friday that he will play next week in the Masters. The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National, and Golf Channel said he was seen on the practice range Friday morning.
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate. It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour.
Obama aides Jen Psaki and Katie Fallon are expecting babies in May and July of this year. High-ranking female administration officials becoming pregnant is virtually unheard of under previous presidents. But Obama's actions signal to staff they can make family a priority.
Jessica Ainscough's fiance Tallon Pamenter reveals she was undergoing radiation treatment in her final weeks and 'giggling and drinking green smoothies' in her hospital bed until the day she died. She spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy, which involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support. She initially underwent targeted chemotherapy to her left arm, according to reports.
The man, wearing an orange high-vis jacket, could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black Vauxhall Vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the M40 near Oxford. He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the KJ Rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle. The incident, which took place on Friday afternoon, is believed to have gone on for five minutes as the man pulled off the'stunt' just yards from lorries. The man claims he was only doing it because he wasn't
Donald Trelford on the physical effort of raising children at his age. Bumping into Peter Stringfellow in Mothercare in Palma just over a year ago was not such a big surprise, since we both have houses in Majorca where I now live most of the year. However, it was a scene that would have amused anyone who had known us both, or had read about us in gossip columns, in our heyday in the Eighties.
Former Hewlett Packard head Carly Fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in California to 'liberal environmentalists,' whom she says brought on the state's water shortage with their policies. 'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview.
Australia's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal'shot' for reptile wranglers on the NSW Central Coast. In an enormous yield, four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett at Gosford's Australian Reptile Park. The toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph, a court heard. She had just popped out to the shops in her small KA when she was hit by the drunk-driver and suffered the life-changing injuries which included a fractured spine and pelvis.
Gigi Hadid has credited her best friend Kendall Jenner for helping her deal with social media haters. The 19-year-old model took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback, particularly on social media.
Sister duo Jess and Stef Dadon team up with New York company'Print All Over Me'. Made famous by their'matchy matchy' style and twin-like looks (despite the five year age difference), the Melbourne based fashion duo Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, Dadon are now set to take their crazy style collaborations to a new level. The sisters have teamed up with an innovative online New York-based company that allows you to digitally design your own prints.
Destiny's Child reunited at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend, it was the first time Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together since appearing during the halftime show at Super Bowl in 2013 in New Orleans. Beyoncé and Kelly joined Michelle to surprise the crowd,and opened the broadcast with a gospel medley that included the song 'Alpha & Omega' and the hit single 'Say Yes' from Michelle's 'Journey To Freedom' CD. The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child - they were introduced by their
Jerry Brown orders sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in California. Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began. The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs.
Brad Pitt’s charity sued for $500,000 after new homes start to rot. A charity set up by Brad Pitt to build new houses for people made homeless when Hurricane Katrina ravaged New Orleans a decade ago is embroiled in legal action – after the new homes started to rot. The star personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm, which killed almost 2,000.
The motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset on Tuesday morning after becoming stuck behind the HGV for several miles. The driver gambled on finally passing lorry driver, Nick Townley, at a set of lights but badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph. But he appeared to misjudge the gap and collided with the front of the lorry's cab.
Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter: Japanese woman found dead in frozen wastes of Minnesota had believed the film Fargo was real. Nearly 15 years ago an amazing story emerged of how a young Japanese woman had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase stuffed with $1m dollars that had been buried in the snow. Now Takako Konishi's incredible story has been made into a film of its own.
Asia Siddiqui not only saw herself as a soldier for Allah, but a poet as well. The 31-year-old woman who was arrested Thursday in New York for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate, Noelle Velentzas, was also friends with the one-time editor of Al Qaeda magazine Inspire.
Amanda Holden to host new show on ITV highlighting plight of RSPCA centre in Birmingham. The Britain’s Got Talent judge is presenting a new series on ITV which will highlight the plight of the animals arriving at the animals at the RSPA’ s Newbrook Farm Animal Centre in Birmingham. She will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals.
Promposals are the big trend in high school proms as teens think up progressively more outlandish ways to ask each other to the biggest dance of the year. With budgets for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average American high schooler, that means most intend to spend $324 on the once-simple query: Will you go to prom with me?.
Fearless Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance. Mr Saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames.
Mensa IQ quiz: Can you prove you’re smart enough to join the elite society?. More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa, an elite society that boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet. And you too could join this group if you can prove you're in the top two per cent.
Jose Ignacio and Punta del Este: Uruguay's golden beaches for the rich and famous. Tucked along the coastline of the second smallest country in South America, this sleepy backwater hosts the creme de la creme of the fashion world, celebrities and more than a few millionaire playboys. Staying in shabby chic cottages or sleek hotels overlooking the sea, they converge of the beach.
Nine British Muslims caught trying to cross into Syria are no longer welcome in England and should find a new country to live, Labour's Simon Danczuk has said. The outspoken Rochdale candidate said it was 'unacceptable' that people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home.
Graeme Oxby captures dozens of Elvis impersonators at Europe's biggest tributes to The King. The 50-year-old documented the dedicated fans at events including Europe's Tribute to Elvis in Blackpool, The Elvis Weekender in Bridlington, East Riding of Yorskshire, and The European Elvis Championships in Birmingham.
Islamic State threatens to jail anyone caught wearing skinny jeans or having music on their mobile phones. The terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its Syrian stronghold of Raqqa. Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course'.
Kon Konstantin Sivkov, who writes a column for the Military-Industrial Courier, wrote earlier this month that Russia needed new'megaweapons' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies. In an article titled 'Nuclear Special Forces' he said that Russia should develop nuclear weapons manned by a small force that can cause tsunamis on the US coasts and force a volcano in Yellowstone National Park to erupt.
Gun-obsessed 24-year-old man who shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself reveals chilling Facebook posts. Tim McNaughton’s body was discovered alongside his father Greg (pictured) near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday. In February 2012, Tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police.
Skin cells and fairy circles in the Namibian desert are similar to skin cells. While the distribution of desert fairy circles may look random, as if the landscape is marked with freckles, the pattern closely matches the distribution pattern of skin cells. Researchers have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places - cells in human skin, and the mysterious fairy circles (pictured) in Namibia. The distribution of fairy circles is a mystery.
John Lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover Christmas stock despite spending millions on a festive advertising campaign. The department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations - more than three months after December 25. It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin.
Perth obstetricians removed over concerns about quality of service. Two trainee obstetrician have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and problems with patient safety at the obstetric unit. The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources. However, according to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty.
Parents of 5-year-old boy whose body was found in septic tank charged with child abuse and neglect. Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and her partner Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving Noah and his baby sister, Abigail Thomas, who went missing from their home in rural Dublin, Virginia, on March 22. The parents of a 5 year old boy who was found dead in a septic tanks in Virginia last month have been arrested. The couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from the home and placed in the custody of social services the day
Ryanair has taken the unprecedented step of banning passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between Glasgow and the party island of Ibiza. The Dublin-based airline has informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from Glasgow Prestwick Airport to the Spanish island that their alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin, and they risk being kicked off the flight if they don't comply.
Ohio couple found dead in their stateroom aboard cruise ship in Puerto Rico. The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police Sgt. Ricardo Cruz told The Associated Press.
Oklahoma family reunited in their first ever family portrait thanks to some clever photoshopping by a local photographer. Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old Taos and his 20-year-old mother, Sierra Sharry, when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete. So Henley took a photograph of Lane Smith from the family and, with a ghostly filter, fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them.
Shoreditch House: Princess Beatrice gives London's hipster hub the royal seal of approval. The 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend, Virgin Galactic's Dave Clark, 31, and looked glamorous in her knee-length black leather dress. She was spotted out on the town with her boyfriend last night in an all black outfit that she topped off with a grey cardigan. The 26 year old royal was in high spirits as she made her way through the paparazzi showcasing her leather dress.
Bell 525 Relentless helicopter looks like a living room that can fly anywhere. The state-of-the-art helicopter, Textron, are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $15million (£10.12m) for what looks effectively like a 'living room'. The Bell 525 is the first commercial helicopter to incorporate fly-by-wire flight controls, which they say delivers'superior handling qualities and increased level of safety' with features that, among other things, stabilise the aircraft without the need of input from the pilot. The craft is aimed to
Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret on VE Day. It was a real-life fairytale – the moment, 70 years ago, when two carefully guarded princesses were let loose to join the jubilant crowds in London celebrating the end of the Second World War in Europe. Now the adventure has been re-created in a new film, showing the young Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets.
Nicole Kidman slammed by American union over Etihad ad campaign. In an open letter to Kidman, the president of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, Laura Glading, wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with the Australian Oscar winner's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador. The union has waged a public campaign against Etihad and other United Arab Emirates airlines claiming they 'are well-known in our industry for their discriminatory labour practices and deplorable treatment of female employees' 'Last month, on March 8, International Women's Day, you said, "I envisage a world where all women
Patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million GP appointments last year, shocking new figures have revealed. The 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week.
'Black Widow of Facebook' arrested. Argentinian con-artist Sofia Davila posted raunchy pictures or herself online and then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network.
Prince Harry takes to the skies in Spitfire. He is the Prince of derring-do, flying in an Apache helicopter in Afghanistan and braving sub-zero temperatures to trek across frozen wastes to the South Pole. Now Prince Harry has been filmed revelling in a daring new adventure – a stomach-churning flight in a Spitfire. Buckingham Palace released video of the 30-year-old enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in Australia tomorrow.
Nicola Horlick, 54, whoraised six children while working in the City. She revealed juggling child-rearing with boardroom duties meant she had to breastfeed in the office – even while carrying out job interviews.
PerthFiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February. The company was fined $60,000 and was subject to Department of Health workers auditing its staff, but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments, reports ABC.
Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene travel the world with their model girlfriend. The pair share their stunning and carefree images on Jay's tumblr blog as well as on Instagram, where Jay has 735,000 followers and Alexis an impressive 1.1million. The couple love nothing more than snapping amazing photos together enjoying the sunshine around the world. Jay indulges in a variety of adventure sports from surfing to parachuting out of helicopters and hot air balloons.
Bunkie King reveals how her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister worked. The 60-year-old's first meeting with Thompson was when she was 15 years old Sydney school girl, and has now revealed the salacious details of their 15-year affair and unconventional arrangement. Ms King shocked and intrigued the Australian public when she entered into a relationship with Thompson, who was twice her age, while he was also involved with Leona – who is nicknamed Le.
Texas man jailed for nearly two decades for failing to mow his lawn. A 57-year-old man in Texas was jailed this weekend in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines for his unruly lawn. But Grand Prairie resident Rick Yoes claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail.
Wife of disgraced D.C. rabbi Sharon Freundel speaks out for the first time since husband Bernard was caught filming dozens of women changing in a ritual bathroom at their synagogue. A little more than a month before her husband is set to be sentenced for his crimes, his wife, Sharon Fruendel, held a lecture at a Maryland Jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences. The wife of the disgraced rabbi who was caught secretly recording dozens of female worshippers changing in the ritual mikvah bathroom at his synagogue has spoken out about the scandal.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said the abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel, which she owns, were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack. She also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality TV show, where B&B owners visit each others properties and rate their stay.
Hungry Leo almost burned down his owner's home as he hunted for his dog treats. All hungry Leo wanted was one of his dog biscuits to chew on. Instead the Staffordshire-Boxer cross ended up nearly burning the house down.
New York City doorman fired for being too nice. Ralph Body, up until March 29, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates. Scientists have found that Halobatrachus didactylus makes five different kinds of calls not only to attract a mate, but to warn off rivals too may be trying to swipe their nesting site. The fish, which lives in rocky crevices in the Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic Ocean and glides over the muddy sea floor, can whistle, croak and grunt. It makes different sounds by contracting its bladders in various ways.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register making him unable to continue working at the Custom House Surgery in Newham, East London as well as other surgeries in North London after he was found with the footage. The urology specialist cut peepholes in Lynx bottles and emptied and dried them so he could hide his iPhone inside to film through the hole. He then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles to secretly film men next door to him.
Too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation's bunnies into giants, the charity added. Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight.
Germanwings crash: First picture of hero pilot who tried to break down cockpit door. Staring straight ahead, eyes firmly on the camera, this is the only photograph to have emerged of Patrick Sonderheimer, the pilot of the doomed flight. Yet the shrine, which was erected in memory of the staff killed during the tragedy, controversially also includes a picture of co-pilot Andreas Lubitz. Mr Lubitz is the man who orchestrated the disaster by steering flight 9525 into the mountains killing all of those on board.
Search for two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free The bizarre search began on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia' Mr Harrison told Daily Mail Australia: 'Police should have called the snake catchers and we'd have euthanised it'
Richie Sambora is being investigated by police over claims he 'threatened to kill' his former fashion designer lover. The ex Bon Jovi guitarist, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her'.
At least 35 workers killed as Saudi Arabia bombs dairy factory in Yemen. Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges after the girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker. The girl was interviewed by the Bexar County Sheriff’s Office Criminal Investigations Division last month, according to the arrest warrant statement.
Tattoo-loving soldiers in the U.S. Army will soon be able to get inked on their arms and legs thanks to changing rules. Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect. Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped, according to Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey.
Park Inn by Radisson launches virtual holiday 'e-scapes'. Park Inn has today announced the launch of a pioneering, new virtual travel service which redefines the concept of 'holiday'. The Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi is definitely a sight worth seeing.
Tory health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine. Skipping breakfast, grabbing lunch on the go and late nights in Parliament's bars and restaurants can take its toll on MPs when they arrive in Westminster. After five years of the coalition government, the three MPs agreed to take part in the feature for the magazine, which is better known for its front covers of rippling muscles and toned six packs. In fact he went even further, and
Teachers complained they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions as a result of new-counter terrorism rules. The National Union of Teachers (NUT) suggested that Government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead'shut down debate' in schools.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, from Caboolture, Queensland, was found at 9.45pm at Aerodrome Road in Maroochydore, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast, after police found the Nissan SUV that was used in her abduction earlier that day. Ms Huxton posted to Facebook only 20 minutes before she was allegedly assaulted with a machete and taken by her ex partner.
Gibbons use whispers to communicate with each other. Gibbons - better known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit - have been found to regularly use the secretive form of communication. The apes, which are found in the forest of south east Asia, produce a variety of soft call types, known as 'hoos', that are almost inaudible to the human ear.
Del Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills. Spokesman Matt Likovich says the utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November.
Joe Giudice's driving license suspended for two years by judge. Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Joe Giudais has had his driving licence suspended for 2 years by a state judge who called his driving record the worst he's ever seen. The 42-year-old lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000. He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation.
Summer Robertson from Shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in December near Kenton-on-Sea, a small town on the country's south-eastern coast. Miss Robertson was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group, at a remote camping resort.
Ed Balls accused of 'letting the cat out of the bag' on tax rises. In an interview the shadow chancellor repeatedly refused to rule out trying to balance the books by lowering the amount workers have to earn before they pay the higher income tax rate. Labour has vowed not to increase VAT or National Insurance as part of measures to bring down the deficit if they win the election.
Former air stewardess who was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome makes her catwalk debut in a wheelchair. Gemma Flanagan, 31, from Liverpool, was left paralyzed after suddenly being hit by Guillain-Barre Syndrome, a rare condition which attacks the nervous system. The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck. But she isn't letting that hold her back as she makes her catwalk debut today.
Woman who famously flashed her K-cup breasts on Google Street View charged with disorderly behaviour. Karen Davis, from Port Pirie in South Australia, was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app, which allows users to zoom in on certain streets and towns in cities all over the world with a 360-degree view. Police released a statement alleging the 38-year-old mother 'pursued' the Google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself.
Refugee couple say their children ask if they are'really monkeys' after racist attack on their own property. Footage of the disturbing incident, which took place in Cloverdale, east Perth, on Saturday afternoon, shows a bitter and racially fuelled argument between neighbours that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar. WA police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences after footage of the shocking encounter went viral, but the defiant woman insists she was the victim.
Korean adoptee faces deportation. An Oregon man adopted from South Korea as a toddler fears that he could be torn away from his wife and three children because his U.S. citizenship was never registered.
Louis Jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital, despite more than two months exposed to the elements. The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn.
Taliban has published a bizarre biography of their 'charismatic' supreme leader Mullah Omar - praising the one-eyed terrorist's'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers. In a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of ISIS in Afghanistan, the Taliban propaganda release lavished praise on the extremist in celebration of his 19th year as leader.
Boko Haram fighters have been murdering dozens of young women and girls they had taken as 'wives' and using children as 'expendable cannon fodder', the U.N.'s human rights chief said today. As the Islamist militant group has retreated from parts of northeastern Nigeria, 'gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter,' has been brought to light, Zeid Raad al-Hussein told a special session of the U.
Pictures of the Australian man reportedly facing the death penalty for smuggling ice in China have emerged. The man, Ibrahim Jalloh, along with another Australian, Bengali Sherrif, were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014.
Jesus Christ was not a real person and is probably the result of a combination of stories about several different individuals, according to a writer and leading atheist activist. David Fitzgerald, a San Francisco based author, believes he has compiled compelling evidence that proves Jesus did not exist. He claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived. Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence.
ChelseaChelsea Manning, the US Army solider who was convicted of leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks, has begun tweeting from behind bars at Leavenworth military prison in Kansas. Manning sent out 15 tweets on Friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters, including the American Civil Liberties Union, Amnesty International and journalist Glenn Greenwald.
Hardware store worker found guilty of ejaculating in colleague's coffee. John R. Lind, 34, admitted on Thursday to tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen while they worked together at Beisswenger’s hardware store in New Brighton, Minnesota. Ramsey County District Court heard that he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away.
Jeralean Talley, 115, is the world's oldest living person. A 115-year-old Detroit-area woman now listed as the world’s oldest documented person still makes plans for a fishing trip each year and credits God for her longevity. Gertrude Weaver (pictured) of Arkansas, who was the oldest documented woman for a total of six days, died on Monday. Talley was born May 23, 1899.
Grandfather's April Fool's Day prank leaves his grandchildren in tears. Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds. His son then went about filming the moment of discovery.
Vladimir Putin is planning to exploit the threat of nuclear war to force Nato out of countries bordering Russia, it has been claimed. A secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war and will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, charged with child sex crimes. A former Kansas elementary school teacher was arrested this week on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor. Sanchez was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of a nuclear agreement that promises to end years of crippling sanctions. Residents danced in the streets, blared their horns and joyously waved their national flag following the breakthrough deal.
Amateur jockey Lee Ferguson is flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton. It had seemed likely to be the moment amateur jockey Lewis Ferguson had dreamt of – a first win on his first ride for new boss, champion trainer Paul Nicholls. But as he approaches the final fence of the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase, clear leader Merrion Square swerves and he loses his balance.
Drunk Drunk Chinese man kills neighbour's dog for barking. Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Xiulin Township in north-eastern Taiwan's Hualien county, when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door.
Guatemalan syphilis victims sue Johns Hopkins for $1bn. The victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis in order to test drugs and study the disease are now suing Johns Hopkins University. The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion, claiming that officials from Hopkins approved the study at the time.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car as she drove along the B1066 near Long Melford, Essex. The Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow.
FBI destroyed vital files relating to the assassination of Martin Luther King, a new book claims. Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. King was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968 at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee.
4G mobile phone services in the UK are not as super-fast as the industry promised - and could get worse. The mobile phone companies boasted that 4G services would be ‘five times faster’ than the existing 3G networks when they launched in the autumn of 2012. However, a new official study puts the real figure at an average of 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second.
Wall Street trader makes $2.5m thanks to Twitter. The unnamed trader used perfect timing to capitalize on one of the biggest deals of the year when Wall Street Journal mergers and acquisitions reporter Dana Mattioli took to Twitter to announce that Intel was in talks to buy one of its competitors, chipmaker Altera. Seconds later, the trader snapped up 3,158 contracts of Altera, with each option contract giving them the right to purchase 100 shares.
Depressed Donna Oettinger, 41, had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son Zaki died on train tracks in south London in March 2013, Croydon Coroner's Court heard. She had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors. She also was using cocaine regularly for six months and became convinced she had caused lasting damage and her anxiety worsened, the inquest heard.
RSPCA considers abandoning fox hunting prosecutions. The animal charity has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act after its decision last month to drop the case against William Bryer, joint master of the renowned Cattistock Hunt in Dorset. Following criticism for spending £22.5million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year.
Gang of thieves who carried out early morning raids on multi-million pound mansions to steal cash, jewellery and luxury cars jailed for 17 years. Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job, a profession,' raiding houses in affluent west London, Herfordshire and Surrey. Over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes, taking a Ferrari, Porches, Minis, paintings and cash worth £1million, often waiting until home owners were on holiday before striking.
Sarah Theeboom reveals why she stopped washing her hair six years ago. A writer from New York City said her hair is now silkier and 'totally frizz-free' since she gave up using shampoo. The 'no poo' movement has gained popularity over recent years because of celebrities such as Kim Kardashian and Shailene Woodley.
Grand Canyon is home to a secret tribe, hidden away in its depths. More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America. Visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule, and experience life in the village of Supai, which has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, LDS chapel, and a small Christian church. The picturesque plot was claimed by the tribe from the National Park rangers in 1975, after many court battles.
Wonder Woman cosplayer Rae Johnston is a geek through and through. Online marriage proposals and star-struck children are a regular feature of Rae Johnston's life. But the 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist, who is known for dressing up as Wonder Woman in her spare time - as well as her sideline zombie and Huntress costumes - insists she's a geek. She is one of the growing number of Australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay.
Police raid doctors' surgery in Alderney after 'concerns' about deaths of four patients. Police officers have raided a doctors’ surgery following ‘conscerns’ about the deaths of 4 patients in the Channel Islands. Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at both the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney (pictured) after concerns were raised by health department.
Physics teacher swings axe into his co-worker's crotch in disastrous class experiment. The nauseating footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon, and shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before excitedly asking 'everybody ready?'. The teacher then orders the class to give him a count.
eVolo Magazine Skyscraper Competition 2015: Winners announced. The skylines of the world, an African desert and even the barren landscape of the Arctic have been reimagined as part of an annual skyscraper competition. More than 480 design teams submitted entries to the 2015 contest and a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs.
British man arrested in Turkey after far-left militant group takes senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage. The British national, of Polish origin but who has not been named, was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front, according to reports.
She may be too old for a lot of things but working out is not one of them. Salvina Formosa from South Wentworthville, west of Sydney, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk after tripping over on an uneven footpath.
Blue Bell Ice Cream has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to the deaths of three people. Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
Israeli girl missing after Thai ferry explodes and catches fire. A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand's southwestern coast on its way to Phuket. The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people.
Man awaiting sentencing for murder escapes from jail in Illinois. Kamron T. Taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m. He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds.
Airbnb has plans for rapid growth in Cuba, where its employees have spent the last three months signing up property owners in advance of the expected crush of American visitors. More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website – private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night – and the bulk of them are located in the capital of Havana.
Hakaoro found guilty of sexual harassment. A former immigration consultant attempted to lure female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him, a court has heard. The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him.
Apple is recruiting for battery and power software experts. Apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage.
Mum claims son was turned away from Qantas flight due to autism. Gizelle Laurente had booked her son, Jacob Prien, on a flight from Darwin to Brisbane yesterday, so he could spend Easter with his father and younger brother. However, Ms Laurente feared Jacob's dreams had been shattered when she was told her son would not be able to fly with the airline's unaccompanied minors service.
Pregnant mother with dwarfism reveals the physical challenges of raising her three-year-old son. Tiffanie DiDonato, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8, which is how tall her son Titan currently is. But even with the additional inches, parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult.
Syrian girl who mistook aid worker's camera for a gun is not the only one traumatised by a short life filled with violence and war. The young girl in Jordan - who ran barefoot through the camp's rocky terrain - became immensely frightened when Rene raised his camera. The life she left behind in Syria is so horrific that she breaks down in tears during an interview about hr escape.
Somali woman becomes a celebrity on Instagram. With nearly 70,000 followers, Ugaaso Abukar Boocow (pictured) has become a celebrity on Instagram. The 27-year-old is trying to change people’s perceptions of Somalia with her photos of everyday life. She began posting photos as a way to let her family and friends in Canada know she was safe.
This is the moment a disgruntled French Bulldog continually honks a horn after being left alone in a car. Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from and caught the pooch in action. He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head out to the Middle East next month to join the war against the terrorists, leaving his wife and young children behind. Mr Costa, who spent six years in the Navy, will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights.
Two brothers who died after one of the boys shot the other then turned the gun on himself have been laid to rest in a joint funeral. Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning, according to police.
Dangelo Conner, from New York, filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend's apartment, first waving it around, then sending volts coursing through a Coke can. But his antics all went horribly wrong after he decided to electrocute a metal bracelet while he was still holding it, sending the current through his hand and into his body. Proving that the weapon lives up to its reputation, he is instantly laid out on the floor, his muscles twitching uncontrollably, while his two friend laugh in the background. Since Dangelo, who also goes by the name of Mikkey, posted the
Ice addict Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit. The 30-year-old, who took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis, has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes. She said that it was when she and her now ex-boyfriend broke up that she became a daily user of the drug.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness and, according to its founders, encourages 'connection, vitality and wellness' and 'cultivates a greater connection' between partners. The practice, which was founded by US entrepreneur Nicole Daedone, borrows much of its philosophy from yoga and meditation. In the classes, which cost £195 for a seven-hour session, attendees can be couples or singles.
Judge Susan Dlott ordered the IRS to hand over a list of the 298 tea party organizations that it targeted with broad and often intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status. The decision means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the IRS. The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names.
Nasa astronaut Karen Nyberg is pictured harvesting plants from a previous Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (Jaxa) investigation of thale cress during Expedition 37 in 2013. In the weightless environment of the space station, researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull. The results could help farmers on Earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions beyond Earth orbit to the moon and Mars.
10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world. From Jungle Juice and Caribou Lou to Negroni, Death In The Afternoon and Sazerac, Femail reveals the top ten most alcoholic drinks in the World. These 10 cocktails are deceptively easy to drink but can sometimes contain vast quantities of alcohol. They are the easy-to-drink cocktails that come in pretty colours and sweet flavours.
Bhutan is a land of myths and magic. 'Welcome to the Land of GNH' was blazoned across the poster in front of me as I stepped off the plane at Paro airport. I had just landed in Bhutan, where Gross National Happiness is considered far more important than Gross Domestic Product.
Lisa Colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in the borough of Queens on March 19, when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness. The reporter was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards.
Krist Kristin Holmes, 26, has been arrested for 'Facebook thugging' after posting a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site in response to other users''misdirected threats'. She captioned the photo: 'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me".'
Nigel Farage calls for immigration limit to be 50,000 a year. Confusion over Ukip’s immigration policy grew yesterday after Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year. But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration – as pledged by the Tories – would be ‘ludicrous’ because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country.
Green Party activists told to dress in'mainstream' fashion while knocking on doors. The advice, which has been distributed among Green campaigners in London, also provides stock answers to ease voters' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army, legalise drugs and pay everybody £72 a week no matter how rich they are. It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party's manifesto commitments after its membership surged to more than 50,000.
Karl Lagerfeld's Siamese cat Choupette earns £2.18m from TV appearances. The fashion designer has revealed his white cat earned £2 million last year - that's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, one of the world's top models, who took home £2. Karl Lagersfeld, 82, said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan. And while he was happy for her to star in the adverts for the luxury items, he said she was 'too sophisticated' to be used to advertise
Sarah Thomas, 42, a referee for college football's Conference USA, has been considered before for a position in the NFL before she was chosen to start in the league next year, Baltimore reporter Aaron Wilson posted on his Twitter account. She has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013. Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season, a source close to the matter told the LA Times.
Dr Michael Shannon and paramedic Chris Trokey reunite after 30 years. Their incredible story was shared by KTLA after the pair both participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in Rancho Santa Margarita, California on Sunday. They had met many years before - when Trokey was born weighing just 3.2 pounds and his pediatrician - Dr. Shannon - stayed with the baby around the clock to make sure he survived.
Rob Kardashian is 'in a 'dark place'. He's part of one of the most famous, most watched, most talked-about families on the planet. But over the last year, Rob Kardashian - brother to Kim, Kourtney and Khloe - has all but disappeared from the media spotlight. And now in newly released clips from this week's episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians his family have once again expressed their concern.
Judge dismisses stalking and harassment charges against ice cream truck operator accused of trying to run rival out of town. Prosecutors in Fulton County say a judge in Gloversville dismissed the charges against Joshua Malatino this week. He and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott of the Snow Kone Joe ice cream business were charged in April 2013 after the driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him.
Woman accused of smothering her baby son to death in NYC restaurant bathroom told police she put him to sleep to save him from being eaten by someone. Latisha Fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street Monday afternoon. Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be so afraid of being blamed for the Germanwings crash - caused by Lubitz after he flew the plane he was co-piloting into the French Alps - that they have fled the town and vowed to never return. The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home in the centre of the close-knit rural community of Montabaur.
Boy, 12, discovers world's largest European wasp nest. Jordan Waddingham scoured through bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps after his mother Stephanie offered him $20 to locate the nest. Within minutes, the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic two-year-old nest.
Police have arrested and charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Queensland. A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in Bundaberg, Queensland, on Thursday. A Queensland Police and RSPCA taskforce, set up after the greyhound racing industry was rocked by the live baiting scandal in February, also found ammunition shells from a.22 calibre gun.
Paris Picnics saves its customers from the hassle of trawling through the marché by delivering a freshly-prepared lunch to wherever they are in the city. Visitors or locals can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps.
Blindness didn't stop one New Hampshire man from taking on the Tough Mudder last week, where he was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully ring a bell while swinging on a rope 25 feet in the air. Randy Pierce, from Nashua, may now gearing up to run the Boston Marathon this month, but there was once a time he couldn't walk at all.
Tina Campbell, from London, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected. Instead of looking pretty on her 29th birthday, Tina spent the day in bandages after having the boils surgically removed.
This is the moment a skateboarder bombs down a road at 40mph and collides with a deer head-on as it unexpectedly leaps out. Footage shows 27-year-old Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch.
Police poster urging women to stick together sparks outrage. Sussex Police was accused of ‘victim-blaming’ in its campaign, which urges women not to leave their friends alone or let them wander off with strangers. Women’s rights groups said rapists were to blame.
Sir Stirling Moss reveals unusual daily routine he thanks for his impressive longevity. Screeching around the track in a car he last drove more than 50 years ago, Sir Stirling Moss appears to have lost none of his racing pedigree. And at 85, the man widely seen as history's greatest all-round racer has revealed the unusual daily routine he thanks for his impressive longevity – 77 press-ups and half a bottle of Chardonnay. He made the revelations after a new documentary reunited the father-of-two with the Austin-Healey Sprite he used as a training car before
Disney World employee allegedly inappropriately touched himself in a Walmart store and then threw bodily fluids over an unsuspecting female shopper. Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a shopper on Tuesday by a worker who called police. Osceola County Sheriff Deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot.
Chaos erupted at an Easter egg hunt in Sacramento when adults launched in trying to grab sweets for their children. The event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world's biggest, with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters.But it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own.Footage of the hunt, which did not break the world record because they missed the deadline to apply, shows children as young as two being squashed by teenagers and adults weave between them picking up candy.According to Sacramento Bee, toddlers were seen crying and parents were being pushed around in the calamity.
Parking attendant ploughs 200mph supercar through the front of a shop after mistaking the brake for the throttle in a Ferrari 599 GTO worth £300,000. The Dutch owner of the 2012 supercar was waiting in the Hotel Exedra after attending a meeting of the Ferrari Owner's Club with his wife in Anzio, south of Rome. The car's owner entrusted the car, which is one of the most powerful ever produced by Ferrari, to a parking attendant who attempted to return it to the hotel in a timely manner. However, instead of pressing the brake when approaching a shop front,
Red Lady of El Mirón buried in sparkling red paint and adorned with yellow flowers. Almost 20,000 years ago a woman was buried deep within a cave on the Iberian peninsula, stained in red paint, adorned in yellow flowers. Her grave provides the first evidence of an ancient Magdalenian burial in the region and an engraved stone found near her remains appears to have been a makeshift tombstone.
Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family. But it can be hard to think of enough things to do to keep the little ones active.
Nigel Farage has revealed his preparation technique for tonight's crunch election debate – no booze until 6pm The Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before the two-hour live TV showdown. But he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against Britain's six other political party leaders.
MeMeaghan Hudson, 25, left those closest to her devastated when she sent text messages in December 2013, saying she was suffering from multiple myeloma, a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow, and she was unlikely to survive. Miss Hudson's friends, who have known her since high school in Dayton, Ohio, went to great lengths to show their support - they shaved their heads in solidarity for her chemo and got matching tattoos of an inspirational song lyric.
Why are we still scaring people about salt?. For years medical experts have warned about the dangers of too much salt, but new research is now questioning conventional wisdom and warning instead of the dangers. The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50.
Frank Sinatra underwent vasectomy so could not have fathered Ronan Farrow, according to his youngest daughter, Tina Sinatra. Showbiz 411's Roger Friedman said that the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if Mia Farrow's son Ronan was her brother.
Aliens are often portrayed as diminutive beings, but in ‘reality’ they could be much larger, one scientist claims. Scientist Fergus Simpson has calculated the minimum size needed for intelligent life to survive, based on the laws of conservation of energy seen on Earth.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California. But realtors have glossed over the coincidence, and the checkered past involving his mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32.
Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from Teaming up with the advertsiing agency Rethink, the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone. Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item.
Tuti Yusupova, who died this week, was the world's oldest person ever having reached the age of 135. Friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880. They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement. The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple's upcoming iPhone range. Although this isn't the first time Samsung has manufactured parts for iPhones, it signals that the frosty partnership between the two may be thawing.
Seven babies and three mothers die in eight months at two hospitals. Lisa Parkisson, 35, died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth in April this year, while newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth. A summary of the investigation, which was kept secret from the families of the dead until now, has been seen by MailOnline.
Passenger Christopher Talbot told the Birmingham Mail he was heading to work on the 7:50am service on Thursday when he found excrement in a newspaper on the floor. The passenger who made the awful discovery said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service from Lichfield Trent Valley to Longbridge. The 52-year-old, who works as a cleaner at a school, said there was only one other passenger in the carriage, and he reported the incident to platform staff when he disembarked at Butlers Lane in Four Oaks.
The Beatles' famous Yellow Submarine to fetch £10,000 at auction. The unique psychedelic cartoon, which is hand-painted, depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film in which the Fab Four travel to Pepperland to save it from the Blue Meanies. The rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel.
Charlie Chaplin's divorce papers lay bare the film star's 'cruel and inhumane' treatment of his teenage bride during their short-lived marriage. Chaplin, then 35, married his second wife Lita, 16, in 1924.
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before. The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with the driver. She alleged that she eventually woke up in his apartment as he was having sex with her. The woman called police the next day and a rape kit was administered at Swedish Covenant Hospital, the Chicago Tribune reported.
Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran to be put to death. The convicted Australian drug dealers learned about the ruling after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in Jakarta's state administrative court on Monday. The court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency.
Cavemen and women sketched an incredible array of prehistoric beasts on the rough limestone walls of a cave 36,000 years ago and now a replica has been created. The manmade cavern named the Caverne du Pont-d'Arc has been built a few miles from the original site in Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France and contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features. It contains pictures of oxen, cows, deer and other animals the original artists used as inspiration. The original and unique ‘Grotte Chauvet’ was
Woman almost choked to death after a false nail in her pocket worked its way into her asthma inhaler. Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler. She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged.
India Mayhew, seven, dies after being thrown from a horse while on holiday in India with her family. The youngster, who was on the second day of a holiday, was rushed to hospital from the hill station but doctors declared her dead on arrival. She had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin, 43.
Widow Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least £400million when he died and the £15million left to her was an 'absurd presentation' of his true wealth. The former beauty queen has launched a High Court claim against his relatives, in which she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family.
Chip Chip shop boss John Clarkson has created a new answer to the Creme Egg question of 'how do you eat yours?' - by turning the chocolate into a pie to serve with chips. Eschewing the savoury favourites of sausage and egg or mince pies, Mr Clarkson decided to wrap the Easter delicacies in pastry before they were battered and deep-fried.
Sydney anti-ageing doctor found guilty of medical misconduct. Dr Julie Epstein could also face being struck off after an investigation revealed she had been giving substances such as anabolic steroids to some 40 patients, some of whom had trouble with similar drugs in the past.
Chicago Cubs fans forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at Wrigley Field stretch through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day. Desperate fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine. The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms and according to those who were there, some were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line.
School safety experts report a 'worrying increase' in e-terrorism threats. The Ohio-based National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
Giuliana Rancic dishes on ex-boyfriend Jerry O'Connell in memoir Going Off Script. The 40-year-old E! star looked cool and collected, however, as she was seen leaving The Trump Tower in New York City on her way to a Today Show appearance. She has just come out of the biggest scandal of her career when she made a racist comment about Zendaya's hair style on Fashion Police.
Jesus Christ in a hot cross bun. Mother-of-two Lindsey Norman noticed the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of £1 buns she had purchased from her local Sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. She has since eaten all the buns in the packet.
Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses. Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems before blaming the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily. The man was admitted to the hospital in May complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches. The chemical was found to have clogged the man's kidneys, to the point that they had become inflamed.
Kellie Maloney leaves hospital after sex change. Transsexual Kellie, formerly boxing promoter Frank Maloney, started the process to change gender two years ago and underwent her final surgery last week. The twice-married 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days.
Ivan Milat: Women from around the world have been writing letters to convicted Australian serial killer since he was locked up in a maximum security prison twenty years ago. The Milat Letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from Milat to his eldest nephew Alistair Shipsey. Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992. In the letters, he tells Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed.
Man, 22, and pregnant woman, 18, killed after SUV crashes into home. Ivan Carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday when the driver of the white Chevrolet SUV lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the Park's fence, killing the couple, police told The Bradenton Herald. The couple had reportedly been living in the mobile home for a month. They planned to have a baby shower, the family said.
Lara Logan is back home and recovering after she reportedly checked into a DC hospital for at least the fourth time this year. She is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories.
Cressida Bonas is living the life that most 26-year-olds can only dream of. Since parting ways with Prince Harry and the Royal Family last year, it appears that actress, 26, has done anything but sit around and mope. On the contrary, the invitations have flooded in. She's bagged herself a modelling contract with Mulberry, starred in a West End play and is now destined to act alongside Dame Judi Dench.
Pensioners John and Elizabeth Knott lived in an 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage in the village of Bosbury, near Ledbury in Herefordshire. But Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer's disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door.
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, 'devastated' by comparisons to Kimmy Schmidt character on Netflix show. Cosmetic surgeon Dr Frederic Brandt hanged himself on Sunday at his Miami mansion. Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself. The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that his death was a suicide by hanging.
Labor says foreign nannies are not the answer to Australia's childcare shortage. Employing cheap labour from Asia and having the length of working visas doubled are two ways of combating the childcare shortage in Australia authorities have said. Instead of employing European students on working holidays to act as au pairs industry experts want to attract more workers from Asia where wages are low.
Power outage temporarily blackens Washington, D.C. this afternoon, interrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators. Traffic lights also went out in parts of the city. The chief spokesman for 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue confirmed that the outage 'briefly had an impact' but it was 'back on the regular power source' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later.
101-year-old Arizona woman cradles her new-born great-granddaughter in one photograph. The picture of Rosa Camfield and baby Kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that Rosa had sadly passed away on Monday. But behind every picture is a story and Rosa's is every bit as inspirational as the photograph that captivated the Internet.
Four Corners methane 'hot spot' in the U.S. Southwest is responsible for producing the largest concentration of the greenhouse gas methane seen over the United States - and is the subject of a major new investigation to find out why. The hot spot, near the Four Corner intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles, or half the size of Connecticut. A recent Nasa map shows is produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why.
Richard and Angela Maxwell, from Coningsby in Lincolnshire, became 10th on the National Lottery rich list after they scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on Tuesday. The couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall - with Mr Maxwell planning to retire and play bowls.
Newborn baby with life-threatening liver condition saved after transplant from her mother's twin sister. Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born in Barnsley, West Yorkshire. After undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked, her parents, Jade Reader and Matthew Bygrave, were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive.
Married couple raise their children in separate faiths. Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion. Diane took charge of her daughter, Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania.
Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a ‘sex slave’ to Epstein and was forced to have sex with the Duke of York three times should be ‘struck from the record’. The judge refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of Miss Roberts’s allegations, but issued an order that the ‘lurid’ and ‘unnecessary’ claims should not be involved in the Epstein case.
Man accused of shooting two police officers in Ferguson confesses to crime in jail phone calls. The man has confessed to the crime in a series of phone calls from jail that were recorded. Prosecutors say he fired a gun but was aiming at someone else. He also expressed remorse.
Pharmacy 2U boss Andy Hornby faces calls to step down. The chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling NHS patients’ data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of HBOS. A Mail investigation yesterday told how the personal details of thousands of users are being sold to companies that target the sick.
Abandoned badger cubs are fed custard creams by kind-hearted animal lover. The orphaned youngsters - one of which escaped death after being carried away in a Jack Russell's mouth - are doing better than ever after they were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner. The first of the cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the Secret World centre, but Pauline, from Somerset, says they're growing at an astonishing rate.
Laos is a popular tourist destination known for its beautiful scenery and ornate temples, however not many people venture below the surface and discover that what is underground is perhaps even more spectacular. The wondrous Tham Khoun Ex caves are so exquisite they don't look real at first, which is perhaps why locals believe that spirits inhabit the underground wonderland.
Man who threw banana peel at Dave Chappelle denies he is racist. Christian Englander, 30, has thrown a banana peel for the second time in one week. He was arrested on Monday for hurling one at the comedian during a show in New Mexico. On Thursday he struck again.
Honolulu Museum of Art hands over seven stolen Indian artifacts. The museum yesterday handed over seven rare artifacts in its possession after authorities found, to the shock of museum officials, that they had been smuggled into the U.S. by former New York art dealer Subhash Kapoor. The artifacts are believed to have been smuggled from India by an art dealer facing charges in India. The items' origin was discovered after a tourist visiting the museum noticed the dealer was listed as their source.
Arkansas, Indiana lawmakers make changes to religious freedom laws. Two states at the center of gay rights protests over laws designed to 'uphold religious freedom' engaged in hurried climbdowns yesterday, with both approving alterations to legislation that critics said legalized discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. Lawmakers in Arkansas and Indiana hoped that by amending their states' measures they would quiet the national uproar over new religious objections that opponents say are designed to offer a legal defense for anti-gay discrimination. 'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great
Boston Marathon bombings: 2,500 police officers showed lack of 'weapons discipline' during two firefights with the brothers, report reveals. In the first standoff, the officers fired 'toward the vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target', the 130-page document states. They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns. Amid their chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded.
Five-month-old Elijah is 'the happiest baby ever', according to his mother. He loves everything that moves, especially seeing people and exploring new places. But doctors say he probably won't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness.
Stanford PhD student accused of poisoning classmates' water bottles. Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde--a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid--starting last September. Now, the recipient of Singapore's prestigious Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*Star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison.
Frida Kahlo: The Gisèle Freund Photographs. A stunning new series of photographs of the late artist Frida have been released as part of a new book. The pictures portray the artist in her garden or languishing in her bed, giving an unparralled insight into her life.
Finnish stunt performer Antti Pendikainen had attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain Captured on camera, these amazing images show the moment the Finnish driver took to the skies Instead of plummeting 1500 metres to his death, Antti defied gravity by floating effortlessly above the snowy peaks of Riksgränsen in Sweden Antti is seen casually spinning on his seat mid-flight and even waving at a trailing helicopter Antti left the side of the mountain at full throttle, his heart rate was little over 195bpm during the flight and even faster when he
Delta Air Lines' new pet GPS system allows owners to track their pets on a plane. Travelling with a pet can be a stressful and expensive ordeal, but Delta Air Lines have come up with a way to put passengers at ease when their pet is in the carrier below. The new pet GPS system allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys in real time, from monitoring the temperature below, to whether their cage is upright or askew. The first-of-its-kind technology was developed by Sendum Wireless Corp.
Three Ku Klux Klan members charged with plotting to kill black inmate after release. The three men - Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi's office said in a written statement. The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate.
Tony Blair in Mongolia over gold mining plans. The former British premier made an unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government, which is dogged by allegations of endemic corruption. He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition that he is being deployed to encourage Western investment to the country.
Margaret Atwood says Kate Middleton is an ‘uneventful’ dresser. Her style is followed by women across the globe and whatever she wears is sure to sell out within minutes. Yet the Duchess of Cambridge has been dismissed as an 'uneventful' dresser by leading author Margaret Atwood. And most controversially, the 75-year-old said Kate hasn't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husband's late mother, Princess Diana.
Babies in the study reacted with surprise when objects like this toy car appeared to break the laws of gravity. The babies were given choices about the toys they would play with after watching a magic trick.
Shetland pony battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night. Charlene Bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday and was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal. Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the pony lying on the floor with horrific head injuries.
One in three GP training places remain empty, it emerged today, sparking concerns patients will struggle more than ever to access a family doctor. While the Government is desperately trying to recruit more GPs, medical leaders warn the speciality has become unfashionable as junior doctors fear being overworked.
Bath salts user allegedly stabs family dog with kitchen knife because it was possessed by demons. A 30-year-old mother-of-two allegedly high on bath salts stabbed her family dog because she thought it was 'demon possessed.' She has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear before Aroostock County Superior Court on May 19. Ashley Doody, who is a nurse, had attacked her mixed-breed dog, Trixie.
Marvin 'Papi Gallo' Jones loses cell phone in boxing ring. A boxing fight had to be halted after a fighter's cell phone fell out of his trunks. Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts at the ring in Arcadia, Florida. Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones.
Scientists at Gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave. Their work has shown why washing the skin is so vital and why you should never, ever tap your razor on the sink.
Jean-Marie Le Pen defends gas chambers as a 'detail of history'. Tensions between Marine Le Pen, the leader of the French National Front, and her father have escalated, as the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended having described Nazi gas chambers in the past. In words which will revive accusations that the party remains anti-Semitic.
Misty Machinshok, 33, has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse in which she 'coached' the pair on the best positions to conceive, and held her daughter's hand 'the first few times'. She planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.
Two passenger jets allegedly came within 25 seconds of a mid-air collision over the Arabian Sea. One of the carriers involved, Dubai-based Emirates, referred to the apparent near-miss as an 'air traffic control incident' in a statement on Wednesday.
Japanese holidaymaker charged with defacing Florence Cathedral. The 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the Florence Cathedral. She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning.
Bridewell Prison in Liverpool is being developed into a luxury hotel where guests won't mind spending the night. The grotty jail was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes, and is now undergoing a dramatic facelift.
QQantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1 - but not everyone got the memo. The first people to be affected by Qantas’s newly enforced'smart casual' dress code have taken to social media to complain.
Election fraud: Voters complain about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day. In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry. Others, in letters of complaint to police forces and local authorities, accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'.
Man jumps into Missouri creek wearing only his underwear to escape police. Responding officers and firefighters followed the fugitive into the murky waters of Brush Creek in Kansas City and fished him out early Friday morning. The 38-year-old suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg. He may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash.
The Block's four apartments go on the market. Agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom properties in trendy South Yarra. It's time to find out who really has the best taste as The Block’s four apartments are now on sale with the auctions pencilled in for April 28. Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up.
Alex Alex Stock, a former friend of supposed victim 'Jackie', spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature A Rape on Campus, and was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out. 'I think the Rolling Stone absolutely should be held accountable,' he said in a TV interview Monday, and added the magazine has risked its reputation by not disciplining Sabrina Erdley, the reporter who wrote the story.
Alfred Hitchcock: A biography by Peter Ackroyd. Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London, the son of a wholesale grocer. They were a Catholic family, Irish originally, and the boy who would become 'one of the most distinguished directors in the world'.
Activists rescue 40 crew from sinking ship suspected of illegal fishing. The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd, who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing. The Thunder's captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled.
Ho Chi Minh City named one of the fastest growing cities in the world. Comparing cities over the past decade, New World Wealth has found Houston, Jakarta, Mumbai, and, of course, Ho Chi Mihn City, to be substantially rising in popularity, particularly among the world's most monied. Over the past 10 years, the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent, with an impressive 400% rise coming from the Vietnamese city formerly known as Saigon.
Man freed from Alabama death row after 30 years. Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham. He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner.
Ad Adele Berry, of Reddish, Greater Manchester, spoke to the call handler when she contacted the mobile phone company over a problem with her bill. But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her, calling himself her 'future hubby' and asking about his 'in laws'.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences. The 17-year-old shot to notoriety last October when footage of him apparently spitting on 56-year -old Josphat Mkhwananzi while racially abusing him on a Brisbane train went viral.
Ginger tabby cat survives 3,000 mile journey from Egypt to Herefordshire. The kitten, who has since been named Sinbad, was discovered by puzzled staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford. They heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen.
Author Jonathan Maitland said while there had been some shock at the drama, An Audience with Jimmy Savile, the majority of critics are eager to know when they will be able to see it. It will open in London in June, less than three years since the late comedian's depraved behaviour was exposed in a television documentary.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world. The jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by CGI images to create an entirely new look.
Jeremy Clarkson will not face prosecution over the attack on a Top Gear producer which led to him being sacked from the hit BBC show. Police had opened an investigation into the incident, which took place at a hotel in Hawes last month after Clarkson had been filming Top Gear in the area.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri. Over the past few years he has been mailing them a 'gift'.
New Jersey dermatologist Dr Frederic Brandt’s High School photos reveal his life before fame, fortune and fillers. These exclusive pictures obtained by Daily Mail Online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars, Dr Fredric Brandt, the year he graduated from Frank H Morrell High, Irvington, New Jersey. They were taken at the age of 18, when he was, in his own words, just ‘a Jewish kid from Newark,’ and before he had transformed himself, in every sense, into the figure lampooned on Netflix show ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,
Rita Ora is the face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign and showcases the brand's colourful new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes. Rocking a red lip and beachy, tousled hair, Rita proves she can cut it as a model as she showcases her cleavage in a Brian Litchenberg graffiti-emblazoned crop top.
Toddler's death being treated as suspicious. The 20-month-old boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe on March the 23rd and was rushed to Coolah District Hospital by emergency services where he was pronounced dead. Police are appealing to the public for any information about the incident.
Man strangled friend to death after he admitted to molesting young girls. Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls. 'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it.'
Pensioner fitted with magnetic nose after his own had to be removed. Richard Curry, from Loveclough in Lancashire, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum, the thin strip which separates the nostrils. He was warned that he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer from spreading but could be fitted with a prosthetic.
Abba visit to the Wellington Museum in Waterloo, Belgium. 'My, my! At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender,’ sang Sweden’s fab four in their famous Eurovision Song Contest winner. Now this may come as a surprise, but you would be well advised not to rely on Abba to help with your history homework.
Benedict Cumberbatch's 6ft chocolate sculpture at Westfield Stratford City shopping centre. It's the ultimate treat for Sherlock fans and stands an imposing 6ft tall - just like the man himself. But shoppers at London's Westfield Stratford City shopping centre looked more than a little surprised to discover a chocolate sculpture of the actor in their midst. One lady was spotted cautiously approaching the edible artwork before quickly backing off, while another couldn't quite hide their smile of surprise.
50,000 Britons sign up to Help to Buy scheme offering discount starter homes to those desperate to get on the housing ladder. The project, launched last month, doubles the number of new starter homes in England from 100,000 to 200,000. The properties would be at prices 20 per cent cheaper than their market value and reserved purely for first-time buyers under 40.
East Village building explosion: Owner could face criminal charges. Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died when the Manhattan apartment building collapsed last Thursday following a massive blast. Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion, with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings.
Tanya Heath Paris revolutionises women's footwear with interchangeable heel. The first of their kind, the shoes, which start from £260, are supposedly comfortable and come in a variety of styles. Every shoe features a button on the inside of the shoe, in the centre of the heel. Once a new heel is slid into the shoe it is locked into place, and at the press of the button, the heel can be released and slid out of place.
Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison apologizes for racial slur at Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky. Harrison muttered 'F*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about Kaminsky after Kentucky lost 71-64 to the Badgers Saturday. The loss ruined the Wildcats' undefeated season; they finished 38-1.
Man who ended soldier's career with one punch because he wasn't given a cigarette jailed for seven years. Lance Corporal Albert Duffy had survived bomb blasts during a glittering military career which saw him complete three tours of war-ravaged Afghanistan. But after returning home to the UK, he was attacked at a bus stop by drink and drug-crazed Keith Anderson. Just minutes before the attack, Anderson had punched another man, injuring him and leaving him incapable of work for a month.
Andrew Getty, 47, the grandson of John Paul Getty, once the world’s richest man, was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune. The body of Andrew Getty was discovered in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills on Tuesday afternoon.
Mindy Kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an African American to get into medical school. A representative for the comedienne told US Weekly she has been estranged from Vijay Chokal-Ingam 'for years'.
Fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA, researchers have discovered. Dating back hundreds of thousands of years, the instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat.
Queensland toddler Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet before dying in severe distress of internal injuries, a court has heard. Shocking allegations of the circumstances surrounding the three-year-old's 2013 death were revealed on Wednesday as family friend who was charged with the toddlers manslaughter was granted bail.
Edward Snowden claims Britain spied on Argentina over Falklands Islands. Documents released by the American whistleblower allege Britain was actively spying on Argentina between 2006 and 2011. Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives.
Teeth whitening: Why the pain is worth it. Teresa James, 40, started whitening her teeth five years ago having been influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired. She is one of an increasing number of women for whom whitening their teeth has become an integral part of their beauty routine.
Soaring immigration means most parts of the country could have fewer available primary school places than pupils in just two years. Pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom and continued migration, forcing schools to boost class sizes and add classrooms. The Local Government Association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed. It comes after the head of Ofsted Sir Michael Wilshaw warned last year that schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils.
New Zealand couple builds home on the back of a flatbed truck. Hannah and Alex purchased a 1986 Hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love. The result was a solar-powered two-bedroom, wood and steel home.
Pregnant woman and her partner rescued from capsized trimaran. A pregnant woman was saved after her partner dived under the capsized boat they were in to retrieve an emergency flare. The woman had been left in the water clinging to the hull of their overturned trimaran in the English Channel yesterday.
Manchester canal turns into giant bubble bath after chemical plant fire. The Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company. It is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings.
54 54 sailors are dead and 63 have been rescued after a trawler sank off the Russian coast north of Japan. Emergency services in Kamchatka said 63 crew members of the Dalny Vostok were rescued with the sea's temperature near zero degrees Celsius (32 degrees Fahrenheit).
Ed Ed Miliband was also accused of hypocrisy after he claimed that the Coalition had made it harder to get a GP appointment. Mr Miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election – which he said was directly contributing to the A&E crisis.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January. He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday.
Police search for clues in case of missing woman who was last seen wearing Poison Ivy costume. Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, from Maybee, Michigan, has not been seen since the early hours of October 26, 2014 despite extensive searches on foot and by helicopter to locate her. A new search was conducted on Sunday night focusing on an area near the Flat Rock Assembly Plant.
JJodie Barden, 28, has been forced to plan her daughters Ella, eight (left) and Chloe, one (right) funerals as they have rare genetic disorder Cockayne Syndrome which gives them a life expectancy of just 12. The condition causes premature ageing, so despite the fact the girls are seven years apart, they look like they are a similar age.
Canberra school principal suspended after autistic boy is locked in metal cage. The principal of a school in Canberra has been suspended after it was revealed that an autistic boy was locked in a metal cage. The cage was specifically designed for him to as a 'withdrawal space' while in class.
Three countries where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss. Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia, all relatively close to each other, have the highest percentage of female managers in the world. The world, organised and rated by the percentage of women in the workforce.
China have said they are to start tracking the actions of their citizens abroad. The China National Tourism Administration (CNTA) said on its website on Monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China.
Couple who thought they would never have children welcome triplets three years apart thanks to IVF. Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. But using his frozen sperm, doctors created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago.
Woman caught on hidden camera stealing £65 from 89-year-old grandfather’s wallet. Hayley Adams, 29, of Barnstaple, Devon, was seen sneaking into William Tanner's bedroom and taking cash from his coat, after a CCTV device was put in the room by his daughter Angela Wrenn. She was fined £50 and ordered to pay a £60 victim surcharge.
Hillary Hillary Clinton lost the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination because Barack Obama was the picture of cool. This time she's not taking any chances. The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York – the epicenter of hipster culture.
Benefits and welfare schemes are often blamed for making people less likely to want to work. But a study has found that the opposite may be true. A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed that the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick, and invested in employment schemes, the more likely its residents were to want a job.
George Mason University student sues to clear his name. The student says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman, and that they frequently engaged in sadomasochistic role playing, not sexual assault.
Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby hails Kenyan university massacre victims as martyrs. The Archbishop said Christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer and support persecuted communities, with love and goodness and generosity. And he said: 'To witness is to be a martyr.
Michelle Pfeiffer is the latest Hollywood star preparing to hit the small screen. The Oscar nominated star known for her roles in iconic films such as Scarface, Dangerous Liaisons and The Age of Innocence, has teamed up with Katie Couric to pitch a new television comedy about a morning news program.
Richard Hammond and James May axed from Top Gear website after Jeremy Clarkson is sacked. The motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet. It comes just over a week after the 54-year-old host was sacked from the BBC for an 'unprovoked' attack on a Top Gear producer.
Nicholas Figueroa's mother, Ana, was among more than 200 mourners to attend the funeral for her son, who was on a second date at a sushi restaurant in the city's East Village when he was killed. Carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son's image, she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the Church of the Holy Name of Jesus in Manhattan.
Asian elephant dies 25 years after leg injury. Rama the elephant, who completed paintings with his trunk, died Monday, Oregon Zoo officials announced on Facebook. He was 31.
Politicians should not sext, says Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg. Both men were asked their opinion on the practice of sending sexy text messages in a quiz for fashion magazine Cosmopolitan's website. Green Party leader Natalie Bennett responded that it is 'OK for other adults but not for me'.
Treasurer John Howard, 66, had been a member of the Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago, leaving the company facing bankruptcy. The father-of-three had sole access to the non-profit organisation's account and enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers, a court heard.
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant. It sat on a stark white block in a vast room that resembled a laboratory. Taking pride of place was a cluster of bottles, each of which contained dog fluff.
Students at a school in Memphis were suspended after sharing a mugshot of their teacher on Instagram. Children posted the police picture of eighth grade teacher Tiffany Jackson on social media on Friday, after she was arrested for driving with an invalid licence. When the authorities of Highland Oaks Middle School in Tennessee realised the image had been shared online, they suspended three of the students for three days.
Toxic mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment. If you think you have seen a ghost, you may have been suffering the effects of exposure to mould, according to a group of scientists. Researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported, often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould, which can affect our brains.
Pregnant TV meteorologist Kristi Gordon calls out online bullies who viciously attacked her appearance by reading their hateful messages on air. A pregnant meteorologist has called out the bullies who viciously attacked her appearance by reading their hateful messages on air - before admitting that their cruel words had taken their toll on her. Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment News Hour
Labour will today accuse the Tories of making it harder to see a GP as they attempt to put the NHS back at the centre of the election campaign. The party will launch a billboard advert using the image from the famous 1979 'Labour Isn't Working' poster, but instead it will warn: 'The doctor can't see you now.'
Three teenage girls rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in Arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver who was thrown from the vehicle. The driver, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on Wednesday, but miraculously suffered only minor injuries. The girl was in stable condition and largely kept her cool during the ordeal, said fire Capt. Paul Voakes of the Pine-Strawberry Fire District.
Aaron Hernandez murder trial: Jury nearing verdict. The jury is rapidly nearing a verdict in Aaron Hernandez's murder trial after the defense team presented their entire case in just one day. Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd.
Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar surrenders his registration after woman claims he told her she had 'nice t**s' and asked her to massage him. Throughout a consultation in the woman's house on October 25, 2012, Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language. The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing'.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party at a £3million mansion in Radlett, Hertfordshire last Friday night. Fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital after emergency services were called.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot teaches his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. Usually parents get to work teaching children their ABCs. But one parent decided to teach their baby an altogether less practical trick.
Parents of six-year-old girl killed in horror car crash after watching Furious 7. Tiffany Sical, 21, and her long-term boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday after watching the box office hit on its opening weekend. But they were killed when 24-year old Joel Norman reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car, leaving their daughter, Jaylene Rodriguez, an orphan. Meanwhile, Sical's best friend, Maria Carrillo, described the couple as 'high school sweethearts
Man Dimitri Harrell, 21, charged with second-degree murder after allegedly shooting dead his fiancée, Samirria White, at their Minnesota home on Easter morning while holding their baby daughter in his arms. Harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old Miss White after they started arguing over his 'infidelity'.
Snowstorm and icy roads catch Colorado drivers by surprise, causing 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder and other bad wrecks that shut down highways during the morning commute. A spring snowstorm and  icy roads caught Colorado drivers  by surprise Friday, causing a 39-car pileup on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars. No serious injuries were reported in the crashes. The snowpack in the Colorado and Wyoming valleys where the river originates now ranges from 51 to 79 per cent of normal, said Brian Domonkos,
Sydney Royal Easter Show showbags: Are the contents of the bags worth the prices being paid?. They used to be given away as a method companies used to let potential new customers sample their products and come back for more.
Ferme de Montagne in France: The best of all ski holidays. Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season, 'on business'. I was impressed to discover that what Suzanne and Henry were really in town for was to check up on their 15 hotel staff – who spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel before the start of each new season.
CurCurvy Kate - a lingerie brand for women with bigger boobs - recreates that notorious image using models of all shapes and sizes. It coincides with the shortlist of their annual global Star in A Bra contest, where a'real woman' wins the job of being its lingerie model. Hopefuls enter online and the winner becomes the face and body of Curvy Kate, and gets a year-long modelling contract with Bridge Models Limited, a trip to the Mediterranean and £1,000 spending money.
Sushi is a love-hate thing as a new video demonstrates. Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs. He stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces.'
Baby Malachi Elkins born in the hallways of a Los Angeles courthouse. Expectant mom AmberMarie Irving-Elkins felt a few contractions on Thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby. But the little boy, Malachi, had other ideas. She was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she'd make it to hospital in time.
New lighter uses electricity to ignite candles and paper. The device, called the Illume ArcLighter, creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc and contains a rechargeable lithium-ion battery so users will never run out of fuel at a tricky moment again. Its inventors say it lights in any direction and is rechargeable, among other qualities.
UK to open three proton beam therapy centres after five-year-old Ashya King made a miracle recovery after receiving the treatment. The UK is to open the treatment centres, which will be available to NHS cancer patients, in Cardiff, London and Northumberland by 2017, with the first in the Welsh capital being operational by next year. The announcement comes just weeks after the parents of brain cancer sufferer Ashya told of how he was given the 'all-clear' after receiving proton bean therapy at a centre in Prague. Both Brett and Naghmeh King sparked an international manhunt last year after
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart over suspected oil leak. The flight, which had 123 passengers and five crew members on board, took off from Cologne at 9.55am local time. It turned around north-east of Bologna and landed at Venice Marco Polo Airport.
Big Brother's Pete Bennett reveals he is homeless. Big Brother star Pete Bennett, who won the TV programme in 2006, has revealed he is now homeless. The 33 year old from Brighton's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show nine years ago.
Orphan who survived horrific plane crash that claimed the lives of nearly 80 babies and children 40 years ago makes emotional return to Vietnam. Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were initially thought to have died with scores of other youngsters when the first flight of Operation Babylift – an evacuation of vulnerable Vietnamese orphans and children before the Fall of Saigon – crashed minutes after take-off. Now 41, Landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City where the C-5 military cargo plane crashed and broke up
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court last month after posting the mocked-up image of the Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook. The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the VGastro bar in Rangoon provoked outrage among devout Buddhists.
Obama on Saturday that diplomacy was the best option to deal with Iran's contested nuclear program, two days after the conclusion of a framework agreement with Tehran. Iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb Iran's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions.
David Cameron eats a hotdog with a knife and fork. The bizarre dining etiquette during a campaign visit to Dorset was almost certainly designed to avoid a repeat of Ed Miliband's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich. It seems likely that Mr Cameron was trying to avoid the fate of Labour leader Ed Miliband, who was much mocked for his attempt to eat a sausage sandwich on the campaign trail last year.
Car salesman who murdered prostitute Luciana Maurer stabbed her 44 times before raping two more women at his home while his partner enjoyed a night out. Steven Mathieson (pictured), 38, stabbed prostitute Luciano Maurer dozens of times in a frenzied and unprovoked attack at his family home in Falkirk, Stirlingshire last December. As she lay dead on the floor, the father-of-two called two more vice girls over to his home and raped them before they managed to flee while still naked. His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door.
Teenager, 14, killed himself in ditch after being bullied by older students. Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas - around four miles from where he attended school at McKinney Boyd High - on Thursday. Police have not confirmed how he passed away but friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound.
Nigel Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV it was guaranteed to provoke controversy. Instantly the Ukip leader was accused of ‘dangerous scaremongering’.
College sophomore who died of excessive alcohol consumption drank 60-ounce bottle of vodka during frat hazing. A college sophomore died after drinking a 60 ounce bottle of alcohol during what college officials said was the hazing of pledges at an unsanctioned fraternity, according to court papers filed in connection to the case. The documents were filed by two students who were expelled from the University at Albany after Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November. His death came after a night of heavy drinking at an off-campus home.
Woman armed with guns and hand grenades shot dead as she tries to attack Istanbul police headquarters. A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged and television footage showed police sealing off the street in the central Aksaray neighbourhood. The attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
Jessica Chastain and her boyfriend, Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms. Two residents from the Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan told the New York Post of their experiences with spirits in the building.
Family and friends pay tribute to rugby league player Greg Gibbins after he was fatally stabbed with a knife during a violent brawl in the early hours of Easter Monday. Grieving family and friends have taken to social media to pay tribute after a rugby league club player, 28, was stabbed to death during a brawl in a hotel on the Central Coast of NSW. The 28-year-old Wyong Roos club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital. He was a late bloomer who had recently secured a place training in his club's NSW cup squad
The Fugitive bus and train used to film one of the most memorable Hollywood action scenes of the past 25 years. The scene, which was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus, cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot while the remains of the vehicles were left on location where they have since become a popular tourist attraction. Battered, rusted and covered in overgrown weeds, this unremarkable looking bus was used by Harrison Ford's character Dr Richard Kimble when he escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train. The scene was filmed in the Great
Leila Alavi: Sister of Sydney hairdresser stabbed to death reveals she was on a desperate mission to find a women's refuge to escape her estranged husband. The 26-year-old had taken out an Apprehended Domestic Violence Order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei after years of turmoil. But Ms Alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park at Auburn Shopping Village in Sydney's west.
Duke University student admits to hanging noose from tree. An undergraduate student at Duke University has admitted to hanging a noose in a tree and is no longer on campus, university officials said Thursday. The noose is a particularly sensitive image in the state, where black residents were once terrorized by lynchings.
'disorderly' goat caught headbutting door in New Jersey. Officers in Paramus, Bergen County, responded to an animal that was head butting a door in the wealthy community. The goat was then captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday.
Woman survives huge gas explosion that ripped through her farmhouse - because she was out walking her dogs at the time. A bath tub can be seen teetering over the edge of what was once the upstairs bathroom after the explosion, which miraculously injured no one. The 55-year-old’s house may be in ruins but she can count herself extremely lucky to be alive – having left to take her dogs for a walk in the spring sunshine not long before the blast. She returned to find it looking like a bomb site, with rubble strewn across her garden.
Army veteran who served in Afghanistan moves to Africa to stop poaching. Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife (VEPAW), training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers.
PerPeriscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today and early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology, which claims on its website that it is 'the closest thing to teleportation'. Despite the initial hype surrounding the launch of the app, which is being touted as a revolutionary new way to share news, there are already a concerning number of users, particularly women, reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology.
Artist Martin Bellander has created these stunning graphs to reveal the dominant colour of artworks through history. They show Orange has always been the most popular colour - although in recent years blue has begun to catch up.
Virginia police search for missing 18-year-old's cell phone 40 miles from where she was last seen. Norfolk Police continued to look for Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, who has been missing since March 2, and focused on a pond near Carrsville after a new tip. Local resident Steve Hines said divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the Longwood University freshman's phone, which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance.
New Ebola jab is being given to people living in the West African countries most badly hit by the virus after human trials in unaffected countries proved successful. The vaccine, developed in Canada, is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus. When administered, it induces an immune response against the virus.
Queen will lead the nation at a religious service commemorating the 70th anniversary of Victory in Europe (VE) Day, when Second World War Allied forces finally defeated Hitler's Nazi troops on the continent. The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend the Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving - the culmination of three days of events marking the milestone.
Vanilla Ice avoids prosecution over grand theft charge. Rapper Vanilla Ice. avoided prosecution in Florida on Thursday after agreeing to a. plea deal over a grand theft. The rapper, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday. He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service.
Blind children hunt for Easter eggs using beeping eggs. David Hyche, now a special agent at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF), developed the technology nine years ago when his four-month-old daughter turned blind. A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound.
Nick Clegg warns of'messy' 'rainbow coalition'. The Lib Dem leader, who hopes to hold the balance of power after May 7, said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work'. He told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament, with no one party able to secure an overall majority of MPs in the Commons. However, he sought to make the case for only the Lib Dems working with Labour or the Conservatives.
Colin Barnett made the comments which drew sighs of disbelief from the audience at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia. Colin Barnett, the Premier for Western Australian, has sparked outrage after saying'some good' has come out of the year-long search for missing Malaysia Airline.
Hundreds of fishermen race to be rescued from an isolated Indonesian island where many were enslaved to catch seafood for Western restaurants in these remarkable images. Indonesian officials probing labor abuses told the migrant workers today they were allowing them to leave for another island by boat out of concern for their safety.
Ed Balls stumped by basic maths question. Asked what seven times six equals, Labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause. Ed Balls was left briefly stumped today after he gave a speech in Leeds. He was asked to work out the multiplication at the Q&A after he last month revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths.
Married teacher caught having sex with model lover in classroom. Tutor Colin Turnbull, 69, was found in a 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim by a governor at the £13,000-a-year independent Priory School in Edgbaston, Birmingham. The fee-paying school's facilities manager Kevin Bird walked in on the pair while they were engaged in a sex act.
Shigella superbug 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' sickens 243 people in U.S.. Health officials say a drug-resistant mutant super-strain of a nasty stomach bug has made its way into the United States and is spreading - already causing more than 200 illnesses since last May. The superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and Puerto Rico.
Echidna spotted paddling out to sea off Rye Beach. Beach-goers were faced with a different kind of sea creature when they entered the water at Victoria's picturesque Rye Beach last week - a swimming echidna! The prickly Australian mammal was filmed paddling in the turquoise waters off the Mornington Peninsula, 83 km south of Melbourne. Where it was heading, is anyone's guess.
Asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks, potentially allowing murderers and rapists to get behind the wheel. Rules laid down by Transport for London (TfL) mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history when trying to become a cab driver.
Yankee Stadium letters that once lit the Bronx from above Yankee Stadium fail to find a buyer at Sotheby's auction. The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008. While the 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, the only person who raised a paddle - for $260,000 - was a Sothebys employee trying to jump start the bidding.
Pease-lover who thought his pease pudding was Semtex is pulled aside at airport security. The part-time actor was going through customs to board his EasyJet flight, when airport staff discovered he had six £1.80 tubs of the traditional pudding and North East delicacy in his hand luggage. The boiled-legume dish was removed from his bags, along with several Greggs pies. Pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the North East of England.
Samantha Cameron makes first solo appearance of general election campaign. Samantha Cameron has made her first solo visit to a Ukip stronghold. The Prime Minister's wife swooped into Rochester and Strood, the seat held by Mark Reckless after he defected from the Tories last summer.
Zayn Malik's former One Direction bandmate Louis Tomlinson is furious after producer Naughty Boy posts clip of I Won't Mind. When Zayn announced he was leaving One Direction last week it was amid rumours that he was set to launch a solo career. And the speculation has not abated since a producer known as Shahid Khan posted a clip (which has now been removed), of what was thought to have been the 22-year-old's first single.
The boob-job bra that takes you from a B-cup to a DD in an instant. Like many women, I’ve long dreamed of a bigger bust. As a modest 34B, Annabel Cole decided to put the design through its paces in three variations — a C cup, D cup and whopping DD!
Sea Shepherd rescues 35 crew members from sinking ship. The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days. Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd ship 'Bob Barker' has rescued 35 crew from a sinking ship. The toothfish poaching vessel Thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday.
Washington florist fined $1,000 for refusing to sell same-sex couple wedding flowers raises more than $87,000 in crowdfunding campaign. Barronelle Stutzman, owner of Arlene's Flowers and Gifts in Richland, Washington, received the fine in Benton County Superior Court in March after refusing to serve a gay couple with flowers for their 2013 wedding.
Teenager Becky Watts had to be identified by her DNA after her dismembered body parts were found. Becky Watts, 16, went missing from her Bristol home in February. Her remains were found 11 days later at a house in the Barton Hill area of the city.
The number of Muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the world's population, which is expected to rise by 35 per cent in the next four decades. The Pew Research Center's report said: 'Religions with many adherents in developing countries – where birth rates are high and infant mortality rates generally have been falling – are likely to grow quickly.' By 2100 there will be around one per cent more Muslims than Christians, with the largest proportion of the religion's followers in India. By 2050 Muslims will make up around ten per cent of Europe's population. It is thought the religion will thrive due to its young
Marks and Spencer's first clothes sales rise for four years has today been credited to its fashion supremo Belinda Earl, the former Saturday shopgirl parachuted in to turn round the business. Mrs Earl is also the woman behind the retailer's brown suede skirt - out this month - which is now being branded the item that could save the business.
Man arrested at Luton Airport charged with terror offences. Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today, Scotland Yard said. Officers from the MPS Counter Terrorism Command arrested Rashid yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism.
Earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing, but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role. As so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long, more powerful waves dragging across the ocean's floor to create the constant hum. Earthquakes shake the planet in such a way that the Earth can oscillate for months after the seismic event.
Ralph Ralph Vaughan Williams's Lark Ascending has been voted the nation's favourite piece of classical music. It topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes.
Benito Gonzalez Jr., 46, was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a Cherry Hill Starbucks, police say. A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted and is now being used as evidence, the Courier-Post reports.
Bryan Santana found guilty of murdering roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, and raping her corpse. The 20-year-old deranged pizza delivery driver on trial for stabbing and strangling his roommate to death before having sex with her corpse was found guilty on Thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison. The Florida court heard how Bryan Santana was living out some kind of sick fantasy when he removed all the lightbulbs of the Orlando home before waiting for the young woman to return, killing her and then abusing her body.
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole the expensive equipment from Donna's Dream House, a charity for terminally ill children based in Blackpool, Lancashire. Following a three year investigation the volunteer worker admitted stealing a laptop and TomTom satnav from the charity - despite the fact he was meant to be helping the charity by raising its profile following a devastating arson attack in 2011.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey's attack in Cardiff was described by a judge as 'a savage demonstration of violence in a public place'. The 20-year-old's victim Matthew Leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place. He collapsed, hitting his head hard on the pavings and the three ran off. He was taken by ambulance to the University Hospital of Wales, Cardiff, and a scan showed a fracture.
Becky Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night, just a little over a month after she took the car home. Then, on April 1, she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as her and would be returning it to her - but with a few minor changes.
Last known movements of murdered university student whose body was found in the boot of a burning car. Police have now released video stills and footage of the 21-year-old University of Brighton student in Portslade on the night before her death. The German student, from Eastbourne, died of smoke inhalation, according to police. The day before the grim discovery, on March 12, Miss Muller had been reported missing from Mill View Hospital in Nevill Avenue, Hove.
Steven Howie, 28, of Dunfermline, left his girlfriend Karen Murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour. Howie punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault, smashed furnishings, and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges.
Pope Francis urges international community not to 'look the other way' as Christians face violence and attacks because of their religion. Pope Francis urged the international community on Monday not to look the 'other way' and act over the killings of Christians around the globe.
Queen is hiring a sous chef who can develop their technical expertise using 'the most organic and unique sources' from her Royal gardens. The successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences - including Balmoral in Scotland - for three months of the year. They must also order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from the Queen's private Scottish retreat's kitchen garden and game from the Royal estates.
Man jailed for stealing pensioner's entire £401,000 life savings and using it to finance his dream wedding and honeymoon. Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk, a court heard. He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court yesterday.
Woman drives wrong way down highway and plows into oncoming traffic. Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday. Footage shows the driver of a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux, coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane.
Teenager's April Fools' Day prank on her boyfriend backfires spectacularly. Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight for a joke. But the girl from Elgin in Moray, Scotland, was given a taste of her own medicine when he pretended that also wanted to break up.
New Honda Civic Concept car unveiled in New York. The new Honda Civic which the Japanese car firm’s UK factory in Swindon will be exporting to the world – including Japan and the USA – was unveiled in America tonight. The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show.
Identical twins: Why we are still baffled by the uncanny bonds identical twins share. Having spent a year researching twins for my new novel, I have come to realise that we are only beginning to grasp how strange they truly are and quite why they have compelled us for thousands of years. Here, we enter the peculiar world of twin psychology.
Underhand tactics used to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets. Data bosses have been caught boasting to the Mail of the underhand tactics they use to convince homeowners to give up their secrets. In meetings with our undercover reporters, they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable.
Artist Xiao Wang told The People’s Daily Online that he and his fellow graffiti artists – most of them design students – worked through the night to complete project ‘Beijing Warmth’. Starting at midnight, they hit the streets in teams of four to spend five hours working on the phone boxes, using a total of 24 cans of paint. The 28-year-old said that living and working in Beijing is ‘very stressful’ — adding that he himself had witnessed three people take their own lives in just one month.
Warren Jeffs' former police chief admits putting the church's interests above the law. Helaman Barlow, who was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah, says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind. His account comes amid reports that Jeffs continues to direct the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls.
'tsunami of sewage' floods pensioner's flat. When retired hairdresser Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago, the frail pensioner thought she had found her dream home.
Cafe owner Olly Taylor's 4,000-calorie Easter breakfast is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar. The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs, topped off with three different types of flavoured milk. For £7, customers looking to get their day off to a jittery start will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate Easter egg with one half used as a bowl, served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate to support the structure. Two cereals of choice are added together with a
An An Aer Lingus flight from Dublin to Vienna yesterday had to return after suffering from technical issues. The airline said that flight EI 660 had left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at the same airport at 9.20am, with 120 passengers on board.
150 art fans take part in National Gallery of Australia's first ever naked art tour. The first hour-long tour through the NGA's current exhibition, 'James Turrell: A Retrospective', took place on Wednesday night, in a no-frills approach to art led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt. 'Everyone's all in it together, so it's not weird or anything.'
A bathing box by the beach, a 100-year-old mechanic's garage and an 1850’s goal are just some of the unique spaces selling for top dollar around Australia. As the property boom continues to show no signs of slowing down, a kitsch blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton's Dendy Street Beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000. The sale is a record amount for the bathing boxes in Brighton since they were first constructed in 1862.
High Court rules against banning dangerous criminals from open prisons. The High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails. The policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley - nicknamed the Skull Cracker - walked out of an open jail in May while on day release despite a history of prison escapes.
Michael Bloomberg wants to be mayor again - but in London rather than New York City. Bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' the move, and has the backing of senior officials in Britain's Conservative Party.
The Wicked Waffle Challenge: The sickly sweet dessert that contains 5,000 calories. It's a sugar-laden feast made from four seven-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and if that isn't sweet enough for you, it comes with a giant portion of whipped cream to top it off. The Wacky Waffle is on sale for £25.
Delphi Automotive completes longest automated drive in the US. Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 90 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet after she tried to end their relationship in October last year. He sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse. He also taunted the victim on Facebook, telling her: 'I am going to send some more pictures too because it's fun lol.'
New York City gas explosion survivor reunited with her two cats. Kathleen Blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 Second Ave., which is still under a full-vacate order, has been reunited with Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian. The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the the traumatized animals under her bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out.
Disabled cat mauled to death by two dogs in brutal attack. The disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced, dragging the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the family pet. Police are now investigating after a person, who appears to be a woman, pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds - leaving the cat to die in agony.
Jury awards $150M to family of boy killed in Jeep Grand Cherokee crash. Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life in selling the family of Remington 'Remi' Walden a 1999 Jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle. Walden, of Bainbridge, Georgia, was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012.
Woman who suffers daily abuse because she has a beard is thrilled after learning she will be undergoing laser treatment to get rid of her facial hair for good. Mother-of-two Cheryl Howe, 32, from Morecambe, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) at the age of 12. She has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS, spending £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day.
New York man charged with strangling relative's dog and bragging about it. Police say Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island broke into his relative's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner.'.
What is the human body made up of? A 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million molecules of oxygen and 85 million atoms each of carbon. You might know that H20 is the chemical formula for water, but what about the chemistry of you? Dr Joe Hanson, a science writer and biologist based in Austin, Texas, pondered this very question.
Theresa May pledges to record anti-Muslim hate crimes. Every police force in England and Wales will be required to record Islamophobic attacks and treat them as seriously as anti-Semitic attacks if the Tories win the next General Election, Theresa May has announced. The new requirement will create the first accurate picture of the extent of Islamophobic hate crimes in Britain.
Anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clash in Melbourne. Police were forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies. Crowd numbers grew during the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics.
Black Widow Catherine Nevin released from prison and free to stroll around Ireland's capital. Out of prison, this is the notorious 'Black Widow' killer who murdered her husband. Catherine was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life.
Australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights. This is the latest cost-saving travel trend, with each night costing an average of $30.
Nicola Sturgeon is a very dangerous woman. Self-assured and poised in her stilettoes and new hairstyle, Nicola Sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage – addressing a nationwide audience of Britons, rather than just the usual five million Scots. Such was her exultation that Judy Murray, mother of tennis star Andy (who was widely criticised for voicing his support for Scottish independence on the eve of last year’s independence referendum), tweeted about her triumph.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger. However Lombardi says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses.
Daniel Buccheri left guests at his brother's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man's speech. Daniel, 25, started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard, singing of his love for his brother to the tune of Stay With Me, as his sibling began to well up at the top table.
Justice Department of Justice files brief in case of transgender inmate Ashley Diamond Prison officials must treat an inmate's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition, the Justice Department said in a court filing Friday The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria, a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity.
Olsi Beheluli, 24, pictured, was a member of a gang responsible for selling'significant quantities' of class A drugs. The 24-year-old enjoyed living the 'high life' and gambling with the money he made from the illegal operation, police said. Officers arrested him in Harrow, north west London, in October 2014 and searched his phone to discover a further picture of him with bundles of cash. He tried to claim it was a relative's money and was taken in Albania but detectives matched the distinctive wallpaper and furniture in the image to a picture of a home that he used to rent.
Ed Miliband's'sexy grey tie' and 'Rogue-From-X-Men grey streak' make him a hit with Twitter users. Moments after the Labour leader finished speaking, fans took to Twitter to coo adoringly about his'sex appeal' and his smouldering looks. One rather breathless Tweet read: 'Miliband is totally talking to me and no one else, you sexy beast. Keep staring down the camera Ed! #leadersdebate'.
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each. The home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast.
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection at Sydney's Opera House celebrates 50 years in fashion. The stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week that officially begins this Sunday, April 12. The collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, on Tuesday that could decide if their respective claims proceed. Robson accuses Jackson of first molesting him at the Neverland Ranch, while his sister slept in a separate bed just metres away.
Rick Baker's collection of props and puppets to go under the hammer. Fans of blockbusters like Men In Black, Batman Forever and How The Grinch Stole Christmas will have a chance to own a piece of Hollywood history when an amazing collection of prop and puppet props goes under hammer at the end of May. The collection, which was created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker, will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles, California, and on PropStore.com this May 29.
Neymar scores twice as Barcelona cruise past PSG. Barcelona ace Neymar scored twice as Barca cruised past Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp. The Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz.
Teachers are set to call for 'play in the curriculum' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way. They want the UK to follow the lead of countries such as Finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons.
Four-year-old boy Jayden Wingler gives animated interview on local TV. Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions.
Tyler Tyler Kost, who appeared in court on Monday, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at Poston Butte High School. Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation.
US citizen killed in mortar attack in Yemen. Jamal al-Labani was an Oakland gas station owner, his cousin Mohammed Alazzani told KPIX-TV. He was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter.
Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly swap gender roles for Grease lip sync battle. The duo went head to head with Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of Australian singer Sia's Chandelier. The two teams were judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV’s new series Lip Sync Battle.
Eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma. Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park, News OK reports. The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment Schre
KFC under fire for hiring a food stylist. Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode of The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop on BBC One. The third programme in the series focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind KFC's rebranding exercise.
David Cameron will say today that high taxes and wasteful government spending are 'immoral' as millions receive a tax cut. As 14million working households – more than nine in ten – are given an average boost of £200 a year to their incomes, the Prime Minister will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money – because they 'know best' how it should be spent. And he will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on 'bureaucracy' and 'crackpot Government schemes'.
Far Faris Al-Khori had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb, a court heard. The equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh.
Britain strikes oil in the Falklands as Argentina threatens to prosecute oil companies. The discovery at the Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires, exactly 33 years after Argentina invaded the islands. The discovery could be worth billions of pounds and will increase fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory. It comes just days after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a'very live threat' from Argentina.
Fashionistas. Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modelled by no less than 50 fashionistas.
Iain Watters' modern take on traditional fruity Easter fare - a Simnel cake. He was the quiet Irishman with the hipster beard who plunged the Great British Bake Off into a storm of controversy over a Baked Alaska. But now he's back with his modern take.
Ile Louët, a 19th century lighthouse in Brittany, France, is the perfect secluded retreat for explorers who wish to have the ultimate B&B. The impressive Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany and provides the perfect peaceful retreat for adventurers. The quaint cottage is a comfortable stay and can be hired for the small sum of €200 (£145) for two nights. Groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot.
Gun-wielding mother arrested after allegedly firing into crowd of people outside an apartment complex in a bid to break up a fight - only for the bullet to hit and kill her teenage son. Latoya Tilson, 33, took out a.25-caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in College Park, Georgia, on Saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone, police said. But while one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks, another hit Tilson's 15 year-old son, Pierre, in the head. Pierre had apparently been trying to protect
New Orleans couple rebuilds 1840s Creole home with salvaged materials. Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s home from the Central City neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. The couple moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester after several alcohol-related problems this school year, including the death of a student. The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday.
David Beckham and Holly Willoughby voted the stars we'd most like to have as our parents. They're two of the UK's best loved celebrities so it's little wonder than David Beckham has been voted as our favourite celebrity dad. In a new survey by Ripley's Believe It or Not!.
Poland is set to build watchtowers along the border to the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad. The towers, costing the Polish government £2.5million, will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using CCTV.
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen, and is a sun spot. The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is. They occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce, making a specific section of the sun stand out from its surroundings. Sun spots range hugely in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Vietnamese labourer Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site. But the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection.
Man who slashed U.S. ambassador in Seoul indicted on attempted murder charges. Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction, according to an official at the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office, who did not want to be named, citing department rules. On Monday, the recovering diplomat, Mark Lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards.
Pope Francis has been told by doctors that he must lose weight, it has been reported. Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk.
Germanwings passenger praises pilot for calming nerves. Hugh Roche Kelly, who was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning, posted the account on his Twitter profile of how the pilot managed to dispel the 'tense vibe' by his actions. Data from the second black box recorder on Germanwings Flight 4U9525 today confirmed co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately flew the Airbus A320 into the side of a mountain into the French Alps, killing 150 people.
Bayern Munich 5-0 Porto: Robert Lewandowski, Thiago Alcantara, Thomas Muller and more. The next time Pep Guardiola feels the need to justify his continued presence in Bavaria – and that time will come – he has some useful numbers to roll out. As of Tuesday night, the most pertinent one available to him is 115.
Louis Jordan, 37, who was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast, said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean, and by catching rainwater in a bucket. But doubters have questioned how Jordan – who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder and who appears well-fed, with pale, unblemished skin – seemed in such good shape after such a gruelling ordeal.
Hunger Games theme park to open in Dubai next year. If you were spellbound by the death-defying adventures of Katniss Everdeen, you will be very excited by the news that a Hunger Games theme park is in the planning. And fans could have the chance to experience Katniss' life as soon as next year, with the attraction expected to open in October 2016.
Woman, 74, killed after being run over by sister's car in Tesco car park. Molly Wood, of Knottingley, West Yorkshire, died after the burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward', trapping her under the wheels. The pensioner's sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured in the incident.
Made In Chelsea's Andy Jordan launches his very own line of surf-inspired city wear. He shot to fame as everyone’s favourite nostril flaring lothario. And now, Andy Jordan is hoping to follow in his fellow co-stars' footsteps and make a name for himself as a fashion designer.
Andy Murray watches Barcelona defeat PSG with best man Ross Hutchins. It's been a good month for Andy Murray. If tying the knot with childhood sweetheart Kim Sears wasn't enough, Murray has now witnessed two Barcelona victories in less than a week.
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District. The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment.
Parents charged with child endangering after leaving their three-month-old daughter at McDonald's. Twenty-two-year-old Rachel Jaajaa (pictured) and Aaron Tate's daughter was found on Friday night at a McDonald's in Elyria when a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone. They were both arrested Monday.
Sokaze-ki Q fan blows out seven times more air than it sucks in. As the weather gets warmer many of us will dust off our large and cumbersome bladed fans. But Panasonic has developed a lighter, smaller and more powerful alternative that can blow out more than seven times as much air as it sucks.
Texas trooper Billy Spears was disciplined last week for posing with Snoop Dogg. Snoop requested the photo at South by Southwest in Austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech.
14-year-old girl conspired with soldier boyfriend to kill her mother. Cheryl Silvonek, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15, hours after taking her daughter and her boyfriend, Army Spc. Caleb Barnes, to a concert.
Yemeni rebels have seized President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi's palace on the same day Al-Qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak. Security officials said member of Al- Qaeda stormed a Hadramawt provincial prison in southeast Yemen and freed more than 300 inmates, including one of their leaders Khalid Batarfi.
Jamie Carragher believes Chelsea captain John Terry is the best defender to have ever graced the Premier League. Terry, 34, has enjoyed another impressive season at Stamford Bridge.
Chlamydia excuse: Man claims he caught STD from car exhaust rather than cheating. From working late to boring marriages and just not being in love any more, there's no end to the excuses deployed by cheating spouses to get themselves off the hook. But one man has taken the art of the creative excuse to a new level and claimed his sexually transmitted disease was the result of car exhaust.
Canadian teacher Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police after the verdict was handed down. The sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school itself and the international community, who insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in Indonesia.
Mother-of-one celebrates son's first birthday in prison. Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women's Prison, a system that was established in 2008 and allows mothers, like Jayla, to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences. In 23-year-old Jayla's case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges.
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark, her parents were assured it was nothing to worry about. But within weeks it had nearly killed her, after doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply. At just 10 weeks old, she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways and choking her.
George Osborne said he wanted to reverse the'steady' decline in first-time buyers getting a home. He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes.
Amanda Knox said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed 'because I know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one's life.' The American, known as Foxy Knoxy, and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student.
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula for £13million. Standing just a few feet apart, the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views. But the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom. The beachfront properties called la Plage and la Baie - translated as the beach and the bay - are the latest in the so-called Millionaires'
Auschwitz Auschwitz survivor Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, who lost her parents and sister, told the Lueneburg state court today that seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction.' The 89-year-old says she could never have imagined she would be testifying before a German court and that 'for me it's not about the punishment'.
Ronaldinho scores twice in Queretaro's 4-0 win over Club America. Former Barcelona and Brazil forward Ronaldinho marked a late cameo in Queretaro&rsquo;s surprise 4-0 thumping of Club America with a brace. The 2002 World Cup winner came on as the game approached full-time but still struck in the 85th and 90th minutes […].
Woman Woman told she was infertile gives birth to baby boy. Cara Newton, 32, from Fleet, Hampshire, was told she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009.
Durdle Door: Landowner James Weld pays £15,000 to restore public path to popular Dorset beach. James Weld stumped up £15k to bring an end to a three year stand-off with Natural England over who was responsible for the coastal path down to the beach at Durdel Door on Dorset's Jurassic Coast. The previous steps were washed away in storms in 2012. Since then visitors have faced a perilous scramble down a crumbling cliff to reach the shore.
Thousands of children who fail maths and English tests in primary school will be forced by the Tories to re-sit them to ensure they can read, write and add up. David Cameron will today announce that all children who do not pass their tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12.
Sofia, Bulgaria, offers the best value for Britons this summer when it comes to the cost of common incidentals. If you're a traveller with a penchant for room service, then you would be better off ordering snacks in Sofia, Bulgaria, than in the Swiss city of Zurich.
Labour's biggest backer accused of employing workers on zero-hours contracts. Former lecturer Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite, after a tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. The employment tribunal ruling is a major embarrassment to the union. It is also a blow to Ed Miliband, who has received more than £13million from Unite since becoming leader.
John McCallum, 27, was this week sentenced for a charge of second-degree murder after he broadsided Francesca Weatherhead, 25, while fleeing police following a botched burglary. The crash at an intersection in Redford, Detroit, flipped Mrs Weatherhead's vehicle and killed her on October 6 last year.
Sydney Observatory warns of bad weather forecast for blood moon eclipse. There has been a lot of hype surrounding the April lunar eclipse as the moon is set to turn blood red this Easter weekend. But in the lead up to the rare event tomorrow, the Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather.
David Cameron was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma. He splayed his legs, he smiled on cue and when he swivelled his huge eyes direct to camera to repeatedly use the phrase ‘If I am prime minister’ it was like a hypnotist working his spell on his audience. In his après-Paxman mode, David Cameron (pictured), who is a smiling assassin, making her a tricky opponent for Cameron to stand next to. David Cameron's body language was a masterclass in body language.
Lacey Spears sentenced to 20 years to life in prison for poisoning her son with salt. A woman convicted of killing her five-year-old son by poisoning him with salt in a New York hospital has been sentenced to 25 years in prison. She showed no emotion when she was sentenced. Spears, who chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey' and other social media, was convicted last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death at Westchester Medical Center.
New York SUV driver's daughters say their mother 'is not a murderer'. The defense from the daughters comes nearly two months after their mother Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in the Westchester County town of Valhalla. Though the cause of the collision remains unknown, Danielle, Julia and Alexa Brody say that their mother has been criticized.
Hannah Hannah Campbell, 30, from Northampton, defied the odds to have a miracle baby after shrapnel damaged her womb. But behind the joy of celebrating daughter Lexi-River's first birthday, the former Army corporal has battled new agony after twice nearly dying from a mystery illness since the birth.
Poldark's Aidan Turner has a smattering of chest hair. New images have emerged of the Irish star, whose brooding good looks have seen him capture a million hearts, looking a little more, shall we say, hirsute. In images shot to promote another BBC series Being Human, the actor, who is dating fellow rising Irish star Sarah Greene, appears to have a much thicker chest of hair.
Nicola Sturgeon beats Ed Miliband in TV debate. In a nightmare for Labour, which is battling to fend off an SNP landslide in its traditional Scottish heartlands, Miss Sturgeon was deemed well ahead – with Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage. Overall, an average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead – and to the Tories' delight, he also emerged with a clear lead on who is seen'most capable of leading the country'.
Former Fortune 500 executive Robert Dellinger says he wasn't suicidal on day he crashed into couple's SUV, killing them instantly. Prosecutors previously said that Dellinger, 54, told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV. The crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was eight months pregnant.
Americans avoid inviting people round because they are embarrassed about the state of their homes. According to new research, 61 per cent of US adults have admitted that they don't extend invitations to friends and family.
Lib Dem candidate Josh Mason thanks Nick Clegg for not visiting his seat. Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said the Deputy Prime Minister was 'not the most popular'. He said that a visit from the party leader to the seat, which is currently held by the Lib Dems,would not 'do us any favours'.
Epping Ognar railway used for porn film. Parents have been outraged to discover a heritage railway attraction was used to shoot a 'hardcore schoolgirl' porn film. The 28 minute movie in which a woman, dressed as a school girl, has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway in south-west Essex.
New diet could halve risk of Alzheimer's disease. Experts said the diet, known by the acronym MIND, could reduce the risk of the illness even if it not meticulously followed. The 'Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad, along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine.
Israel's leader reacted furiously to the West's nuclear deal with Iran yesterday, warning that it would threaten his country's very survival. Benjamin Netanyahu said Iran's agreement to reduce some of its nuclear programme in return for.
Technology that claims to transform any smartphone into a Star Trek-style tricorder is set to be unveiled in Israel. The company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance. The technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim. Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University, who are behind the system, say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint.
Prince Harry to go on tough bush patrols and take part in 'indigenous engagement' programmes. Prince Harry is due to arrive in Australia on the 6th April and will split his time between capital Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago. Her dream home turned into a nightmare thanks to an aggressive neighbour with a penchant for watching TV with the volume turned up at all hours of the day.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed after she was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent. She told medics that she gave birth to a stillborn and disposed of the body in a dumpster. Justice Elizabeth Hurley gave Ms Patel a 30-year jail term for neglect, suspending the final ten.
Dunk Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans - and a series of serious warnings from health experts about the calorie-laden food options, some of which contain more than half of an adult's recommended daily intake of salt. The new menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-Calorie loaded bagel, one 640-calor chicken-filled pretzel bun and a 'low fat' 210-calory steak and cheese wrap.
Lauren Bacall's personal mementos fetch $3.64m at Bonhams New York auction. Hollywood screen icon Lauren, 89, died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York's Central Park, which is also on the market for $26 million. There were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale, which came to an end on Wednesday.
Jasper and Jasmine to 'wedd' in a charity event to raise money for Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria. A precious couple, who have been through thick and thin together for the last seven years, have finally committed to tying the knot in a glitzy wedding that will see all funds raised go to charity. The rescued pugs' May 17 ceremony at the St Kilda beachfront in Melbourne will have some of the biggest stylists and designers ensuring their big day runs smoothly. Both adorable dogs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems.
Lor Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas following the incident that left her with a broken hip. The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries she suffered.
Real Madrid and Atletico will both be missing one player each in the second leg of their Champions League quarter final next week. Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon.
Southwest throws surprise wedding shower for long-distance couple. Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger when he got talking to a group of SouthWest employees. Touched by his story, they gave him a $100 voucher as a gift.
Chinese students forced to eat their lunch outside on the street. In protest at their 'horrible' school meals, high school students in north east China's Jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat. Scroll down for video Students at a high school in China are eating their lunch on the sidewalk.
Ed Miliband loses support of plus-sized blogger Callie Thorpe. Campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a Labour government signed by people 'from all walks of life'. But the plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the 100 'working people' supporting Mr Miliband included a benefit fraudster, a boss who has used zero-hours workers, affluent students and a string of union and party activists.
Facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant. The documents requested include details relating to a contract with Paul Ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003.
Kathryn Beale is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers. Along with some 60 other specialists in this country, she whizzes it into smoothies, or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits.
Rotherham charged with fielding ineligible player Farrend Rawson against Brighton. The case will now be heard by a disciplinary panel who hope to rule on the matter before the end of the season. The case has been heard before the Football League's Football Disciplinary Commission. The Millers, in their first season in the Championship following back-to-back promotions, are seven points above the relegation zone.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie called a bully for 'bullying' teacher at town hall meeting. Christie appeared at Kenilworth Town Hall to take questions from a group of citizens, when Kathy Mooney, a high school English Teacher from Roselle Park, took the microphone. She questioned Christie's motivations behind a legal settlement with oil company ExxonMobil which could have contributed drastically to the state's pension plans for teachers.
Zhou Yongkang, 72, is the highest-level official charged as part of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign. He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed.
Man to death. A man has allegedly crashed his car into a house full of people and attempted to set it on fire before stabbing a man to death. Police allege the man tried to cause a fire or an explosion by driving the car into the house.
Shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in Tikrit are 'out of control', an official said. Ahmed al-Karim, head of the Salahuddin provincial council, said the fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days.
Police have been left stunned after coming across a car parked on a busy street covered in hundreds of chili peppers. NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page, showing a silver car on the side of the road laden down with a vast amount of large red chillies.
RHS calls for people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers in front gardens. More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over - raising the risk of flooding and reducing available habitats for wildlife. And there are not just environmental consequences of replacing grass and wild flowers with brick, as the sight of a green garden is said to boost people's mood.
New York City cab driver who killed a five-year-old girl and a 25-year old man after mounting a curb on Friday has been stripped of his TLC license. The unidentified male driver, 44, was reportedly traveling along the snowy Grand Concourse service road near 170th Street in the Bronx when he swerved on to the sidewalk. Despite the impact, he reportedly continued driving another 100 feet or so, before jumping a curb and crashing into the group waiting at the bus stop.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York had communicated with the girl online after posting a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship and showed up to meet her at a local theater. He was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer. According to the criminal complaint, Kane sent numerous photos of himself while also requesting photos of the girl over the past few months.
Florida man arrested for pointing a laser at passing cars is found hiding a bag of marijuana up his rectum. Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, Florida, was busted in Ormond Beach Sunday on charges of pointing the laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia. While in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside.
Lesbian lesbian couple are suing a Georgia sperm bank for false advertising - claiming their 'PhD student, eloquent-speaking' donor turned out to be a schizophrenic with a criminal record. Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson of Port Hope, Ontario, decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006, believing they had a strict vetting process.
Muslim Muslim father stormed into a Catholic school and launched a tirade of racial abuse at teachers after two teenage pupils were banned from lessons for refusing to shave their beards. Mohammad Liaqat even assaulted the headmaster during the rampage in which he hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents as they picked up their children.
First-of-its-kind robo-explorer dives to depths never before visited under Antarctica's Ross Ice Shelf and brings back video of life on the seafloor. A team of scientists and engineers from the Georgia Institute of Technology assembled the unmanned, underwater vehicle on Antarctica. Icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor.
Teacher Kayla Mooney, 24, of Danbury, Connecticut, turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday. She was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year.
Under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than the over-50s, as they quickly climbed the rungs of the career ladder. Older workers are suffering dismal pay rises while those awarded to the youngest workers have gone up by nine times as much.
Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five although in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds. Figures from the Health and Social Care Information Centre show that 22.0 per cent of current GPs gained their qualifications overseas, up from 19.8 per cent in 2004.
Willy Wonka-style Easter Egg made from 352lbs (160kg) of chocolate. Jan Hansen's egg is so big that it took him three days to put together and is made from layers of Belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame. The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars.
Blood moon: Skygazers in the western U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand were treated to a total eclipse of the moon before dawn on Saturday. The lunar event - where Earth's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of century, NASA said. The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western US, Canada and Australia. But those who missed out in Australia will have to wait until January 31, 2018, for the next lunar eclipse.
New model for HIV progression shows that it spreads in a similar way to some computer 'worms'. HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London (UCL) made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads. They worked together to build a model for this 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial.
Over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes. And the funds collected appear to be increasing every year, according to figures from the Transportation Security Administration. Last year the TSA were allowed to keep $675,000 in spare change - almost double what was collected in 2008 at $383,414.
Todd Greenberg, who spent five years in charge of Canterbury, said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found. Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy.
Off-duty New Jersey cop arrested for crack cocaine. Daniel DeMarco, of Lodi, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia. Police on scene believed DeMarco looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel, Elmwood Police Chief Michael Foligno said.
Heads of some of Britain's best state schools today warn of the dangers of a Labour government reversing radical education reforms. In a letter to the Daily Mail, 80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children.
Man bashed by family with glass bottles and windscreen wipers at McDonald's drive-through. Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin.
Rubik’s Cube: YouTube user solves a whopping 1,296 mini Rubik's Cubes 961 times to create a short animated video. The short narrative features a robot entering a workshop, building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere. After encountering some trouble, he crash lands on a planet and is first greeted by a dog before he meets the love of his life. The robot love story was created by Joe Penna, who is better known on his YouTube channel as MysteryGuitarMan, and animator Jeff Schweikart.
Shameless Mike Holpin, 56, claims he had them by 20 women and admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street. Now engaged again, he keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back.
France today voted to punish anyone who 'incites' people to become dangerously thin with prison and huge fines. Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate.
Small businesses will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend as they struggle to cover the costs of penalty rates. Many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay that would allow young workers to earn around $50 an hour.
Woman, 69, who loves to party the night away dancing on tables admits her lifestyle is a far cry from her own grandparents. Grandmother-of-three Pat Ingles lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer after dutifully caring for him during the last nine years of his life following his diagnosis. Now she's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left.
Diner finds 50 pearls inside baked oyster she was feasting on. Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday. However, when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand.
Claire Coleman puts fashion beauty brands to the test. From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings. But are any of them worth splashing your cash on?.
200 Yazidi prisoners freed from Islamic State captivity. The freed prisoners said that they had been led to believe they were being led to their execution, but instead, were piled onto a minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions. The Yazidis, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health.
Photographer Scott Gable spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food. Rice is a staple food for more than one-half the world's population, but for many consumers, its origin remains somewhat of a mystery.
Long Island high school senior who has been accepted to every Ivy League college. Harold Ekeh has a very tough decision to make. The 18-year-old Long Islander has waited anxiously for weeks since sending off his college applications. But he didn't expect this.
Texas middle school student who wrote violent blog about killing his classmates allowed to stay in class. The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in August last year that was called 'Killing Children', with the tag line: 'This is a continuous story about me murdering people I hate.'.
Woman charged with murder of married lawyer found stabbed to death in DC hotel. Jamyra Gallmon, of Washington D.C., was arrested on Wednesday, according to police. She has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites. The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube after a blogger posted about the similarities between recipes on Ms Bines' website and a food blog.
Personal injury claims company Direct Assist fined £80,000 for nuisance calls. Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complainant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim, despite repeated requests for their details to be removed. The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) and the Telephone Preference Service (TPS) registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year.
Australia's Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA) has placed higher safety restrictions on Thai Airways, but avoided following the footsteps of its Asian neighbours by banning future flights. According to CASA, Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia.
Boston.com. A few blocks from the finish line and even closer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon, race organizers are building a combination clubhouse, interactive museum and retail store that, for the first time, gives them a year-round, public presence.
Donna Hussey, 32, has been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls on Facebook over the death of her son Freddie - who was killed when a huge portable cabin came loose from a passing Land Rover Mrs Hussey was helpless as the runaway trailer mounted the pavement and crushed young Freddie against a wall in Bedminster, Bristol. A passing lorry driver tried to resuscitate Freddie and paramedics arrived within minutes, but he died shortly afterwards at Bristol Children's Hospital.
Terrorists are undergoing training in rural areas of west Wales, it has emerged. Locations in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise Muslims, according to an officer from the Wales Extremism and Counter Terrorism Unit.
Cal Calcium formations on 'Altamura Man' - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat. During 'The Lion Encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair - close enough for a cuddle if they choose. The lion clambers on top of the cage and examines the scene from all angles - perhaps looking for another entry into the cage.
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of £1,000, which he paid immediately. Westminster Magistrates' Court heard that Getty had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped while driving through Belgrave Square, near his west London home, two weeks ago.
Man who shot himself in the head while waiting in a Las Vegas hotel buffet line sent a 270 page letter to a local newspaper explaining his shocking public suicide. In the angry and emotional package delivered to the Las Vegas Review-Journal on Monday, John Noble, 53, said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the M Resort's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013.
Nigel Farage would stand down as leader if he fails to win Thanet South seat. Ukip figures insist the party would carry on if Nigel Farage left, and that there are future leaders waiting to 'put their hats in the ring'. Mr Farage has vowed he will stand down if he is not elected to the House of Commons. Nigel Farage will step down as Ukip leader if failed to win the parliamentary seat he is contesting.
Bryan Santana 'delights in telling explicitly what he had done to Shelby'. Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida, who is accused of killing Shelby Fazio and her dog last October, was described by prosecutors as 'delighting' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman. One of those messages read: 'I'm not sorry for what I did.'
Oldest surviving photographs of the Houses of Parliament and Windsor Castle dating back more than 150 years have been found. The remarkable images were shot by Victor Albert Prout, who developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt, which he sailed along the River Thames. The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000. Only a handful of copies of the photographs are known to exist, with most in specialist collections.
Women paid 62p an hour in Mauritius to make ‘feminist’ T-shirts have been beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions at their ‘sweatshop’ factory. At the end of a peaceful three-day protest, Bangladeshi migrant workers were surrounded by officers who charged at them, hitting out with batons, before dragging the screaming women away.
Ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects. At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid. They ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced.
University of Sydney 'buying students' entry to university. Concerns have been raised over a program which allows school students to gain admission to university without completing their final year certificate - and is only being offered to pupils at a prestigious Sydney private school. Tuition, sporting and curricula fees for Scot's College, one of Sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000.
Grandfather puts his caravan on a boat and takes it out on the water. Peter Thurston, 80, takes his vessel, dubbed the 'catamavan', out on River Swale in Kent regularly and enjoys the views of the countryside. He says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising, and he couldn't buy a bigger vessel.
Britain's aid budget may have to soar by hundreds of millions of pounds a year because of new EU rules, it has emerged. Despite the fact that the UK has now met the controversial target to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid, changes to Brussels accounting rules could bump up the bill even more. Official figures released this week reveal that Britain met the target last year, spending £11.7billion on foreign aid projects. The UK is now the second largest aid donor in the world.
Highways bosses accused of ‘shameful time-wasting’ by failing to remove roadside litter. Council chiefs were condemned last night after claiming it was too dangerous to collect the roadside litter blighting Britain. Winchester Council in Hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic. But the HSE denied tightening rules – and said councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation.
Drug company Novartis accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ‘cheap, safe and effective’ treatment for sight loss on the NHS. The respected medical journal says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) as the current treatment, Lucentis. It has ‘bullied’ experts who have tried to prove that a cancer drug can be used to treat one of the most common forms of blindness.
Penny Wong and her partner have announced the arrival of their second child by tweeting an adorable photo of their eldest daughter holding the newborn. The South Australian senator's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday.
Scientists find that information inside a black hole doesn't just disappear. For nearly 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained. Now, one scientist says this may not be true. The research marks a significant step toward solving the 'information loss paradox,' a problem that has plagued physics for almost 40 years.
Dramatic images show the moment an Audi pulled out of a road and deliberately crashed into the side of a bus as part of a £1million 'crash for cash' scam. The crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader John Smith 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, £159,000.
HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months. Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident.
Large Hadron Collider restarted after being turned off for two years. The world's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson - but scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe. Physicists at Cern, the Geneva-based organisation which runs the LHC, are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the device's upgrade.
David and Victoria Beckham want a home cinema. Forget the must-have wine cellar, hot-tub or £1,700 Italian coffee-maker — the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas. Many of the super-rich are having them built — complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders.
Julian Assange's father has sold his eccentric and colourful home for $1.42 million. John Shipton's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydney's inner west, was first put on the market for at least $1.
Ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to Australia to hire paramedics on £4,500 ‘golden hello’ payments because it is far cheaper than training them in Britain. They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours.
Tiny premature baby allowed to go home after five months in hospital. Etienne Gould Nunan, who was born at Melbourne's Monash Hospital in July last year, has praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing, with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed. He was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb.
Nicola Sturgeon said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in Scotland because they don’t live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country. She said the party’s MPs would vote to support Labour even if the party won fewer seats than the Conservatives on May 7.
NYPD detective Patrick Cherry apologizes for shouting at Uber driver. The NYPD detective caught on video screaming at an Uber driver has apologized in a televised interview. Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty.
Netanyahu slammed the Iran nuclear deal, claiming it threatens the Jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger. After speaking to President Barack Obama on the phone, he said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed.
White House Easter Egg Roll: 35,000 gather on South Lawn for the 137th annual event. President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine. This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2.
Ian Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph. Leicester Crown Court was told that two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck being driven by Ian Walters as it crashed into a line of trees near Markfield, Leicestershire.
Noose found hanging from tree at Duke University. Police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday on the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina.
Milk price war set to break out as EU scrapes quotas restricting production. A milk price war is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands, who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the UK. Dairy farmers have been under severe pressure in the past year as the result of a global glut in milk and a supermarket price war.
Climber scales 60ft Cairngorms cliff with just his hands and feet for support. This dramatic footage shows a climber as he scales a sheer 60ft rock face in the Cairns. Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff - without any equipment to stop him plummeting.
V Stiviano shows off new braces while out to lunch. The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco. She also appeared to receive a present from her gentleman friend at one point.
Artist Dave Poulin has admitted to being 'disappointed' in his work, offering to fix the sculpture for free. Residents of Celoron, New York, hometown of the famous comedienne, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials. Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards.
The best bikini bodies in Hollywood. As the pictures surfaced of Gwyneth Paltrow on holiday with her estranged husband Chris Martin earlier today, jaws dropped at the actress's super-toned figure. The star is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise and it continues to pay off.
The Army of Russia: Russian military unveils new fashion line ahead of 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two. The men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia. The move comes ahead of a giant military parade in Red Square on May 9 to mark the 70th Anniversary of end of the Second World War, underscoring the decisive contribution of the Red Army to defeating the Nazis. 'Polite people': The new clothing range comes as the Russian military machine asserts itself in Ukraine and on the borders of the Baltic States and a year after the takeover of the Crimean
Boy Scouts hire first openly gay Eagle Scout. The Boy Scouts' Greater New York Councils said they hired Pascal Tessier, an 18-year-old Eagle Scout, who has been a vocal advocate of opening the organization to gay scouts and leaders. Board member Richard G. Mason said the councils see Tessier as 'an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader.'
The truth about Instagram travel: The glamorous life of a celebrity. It appears nowadays that it is not an official holiday until you've uploaded your pictures to Instagram with the intention of letting all those at home know how incredible your time away is. From the food you ate for dinner, to the bags you lovingly packed for the plane, every detail of our 'luxurious' travels can be documented for social media feeds. However sometimes we are guilty of not showing the entire story, and the truth can paint a whole other picture.
Tons could help clean up polluted rivers. Engineers believe the cotton products absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, meaning that they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways.
Police release surveillance images of man who robbed a bank dressed in women's clothing. The eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in the city of Santa Cruz at around 3pm last Friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money. His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name.
High winds causing chaos in Dubai. With the misty orange haze and barren surroundings, you'd be forgiven for thinking these 'out-of-this-world' images came from another planet. In fact, they show what happened when a huge sandstorm caused chaos.
Pigeon-lover's giant aviary in his Utah backyard torn down. Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, Utah, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise.
Mal Malia Obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016. She hasn't even finished high school, but President Obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis.
Beatles gnome is now worth £17,000 after being signed by all four members of the Fab Four on Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band cover. The cardboard gnome was signed by the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the band's 1967 album Sgt Pepper’s Lonely Hearts. The gnome, which has some water damage, is next to the legs of George Harrison, who is wearing red on the album's cover art. Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando were on the cover picture, which was the brainchild of artists Peter
Virginia high school senior dies suddenly after feeling ill. Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
Cancer drug axed over poor results may have the ability to reverse the effects of Alzheimer's. Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how the treatment, called AZDO5030, restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease. The drug worked by blocking a process that breaks nerve connections in the brain used to store memory.
Teen Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia. His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, the Atlanta Journal Constitution reported.
Fac palsy, or weakness of the facial muscles, can stop the patient's eyelids closing properly. Lauren Crawley, 54, a housewife from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again, as she tells THEA JOURDAN.
Man stabs bouncer outside Melbourne nightclub just before Easter long weekend. Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer in Melbourne just before the Easter long weekend. Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard.
Cappadocia's largest and most complex underground city discovered. The subterranean city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth. It lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area, which was being excavated during a construction project carried out by Turkey's Housing Development Administration (TOKİ).
Miley Cyrus' Wrecking ball video shows two-year-old toddler lip-syncing to her favorite song. Despite battling an array of health complications two year-old Nathaly Hernandez won't let things get her down, as a heartwarming new video shows. The smiley toddler - who has lived at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old - was filmed as she perfectly lip synced to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball. Footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song.
Dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee, who claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the Tower of Terror thrill ride. Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year, according to Gold Coast Bulletin.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after she hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour. Today, the High Court ruled that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay Ms Adams in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries - the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints to turn herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes, wearing a red bow tie The mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result. Maria began her project by painting a white base layer to create the shape of the rabbit's face and ears, adding the animal's eyes (below her own) and nose and mouth (over her own).
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, was arrested after he burst into Shildon Post Office and Stores in County Durham wielding an axe and demanding cash, as an accomplice stood at the door. But he was foiled after shopkeeper Sab Dhillon heard McKarry's demands and ran from the back of the shop and rugby tackled him to the floor.
Pakistani man suspected of killing fiancee and nine of her relatives after they appeared to be reluctant to give her permission to marry - months after he allegedly murdered his own parents. The 25-year-old suspect, who has been identified as Gul Ahmad Saeed, is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on Sunday, police have said.
Masked raiders used an angle grinder to try and break into a cash machine before they fled police in a stolen Audi at speeds of up to 145mph. The gang of four were seen trying to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose supermarket in Kenilworth in Warwickshire, after nearby residents reported seeing sparks flying from the cash machine. The Audi had been stolen from a house in Bicester in Oxon on September 10 in a bid to shake off officers in a chase to the Tamworth apartment. The pair, along with accomplice Darren Bowman, 47, were stopped moments before their intended raid by
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman three times after finding the 54-year-old brawling with her brother in the street, a court heard. The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in next door to the Williams family on St Catherine’s Road, Chingford, in 2007. Williams was convicted of unlawfully wounding Mr Coleman after a trial at Snaresbrook Crown Court in February.
Valerie Cadman-Khan appeared on This Morning to talk about the incident in which a policeman took her in for questioning amid claims of child neglect. The council worker appeared visibly upset as she recalled the events of 2008 to presenter Ruth Langsford when her daughter Aimee, now 19, was just 12.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found. He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, not far from campus, around 10:30am on March 18, the morning after an alleged 'kegger' at the house for the annual Irish holiday.
Frida Kahlo's love letters to lover Jose Bartoli to go up for auction. During her marriage to muralist Diego Rivera, Frida penned the letters to Jose, a Catalan artist whom she met while she was recovering from surgery in New York. Their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to Mexico following the trip.
Lib Dem campaigner Michelle Gent exposed as a dominatrix. Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online. The former Lib Dem councillor, 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films.
Prostate cancer Achilles heel could lead to better treatment for 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness. Scientists funded by Cancer Research UK studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men. Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, or spreads, allowing them to build a ‘family tree’ of how it changes over time. It seems that most of the cells in a tumour stay where they are. However, a small number have the ability to travel through the body.
Future Music fans have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016. Many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii.
A deadly tropical sea snail uses a super-potent form of insulin to subdue its fish prey, scientists have discovered. The geographic cone snail (Conus geographus) uses the chemical to cause a plunge in blood sugar, leaving the fish sluggish and unable to swim to safety. In this way the snail is able to entrap whole schools of small fish.
Ryanairline’s planes clipped wings at Dublin Airport this morning. Passengers escaped injury when the planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8am.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes. He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired police officer with the New York Police Department named Robert Muller.
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by Weinstein during a 'business meeting' at his office in Manhattan. It has been claimed the delay was because the Italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role.
Ed Miliband’s secret cribsheets reveal how he planned to ‘relish the chance to show who I am’. Embarrassingly for the Labour leader, the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios where Mr Miliband clashed with David Cameron, Nick Clegg and four other party leaders. One note appears to explain why Mr Miliband smiled serenely every time he came under fire.
Boy, 8, who was made an outcast in his village because he has HIV given a home. Luo Kun Kun was expelled from his village when locals - including his own grandfather - signed a petition to banish him to 'protect villagers' health'. Following that cold-hearted decision, the mournful child explained how, 'nobody plays with me, I play alone'. But now a specialist school in Linfen, a city in southern Shanxi Province, has stepped in to help.
Mark Jones accused of murdering his baby granddaughter. Mark Jones is accused of killing 41-day-old Amelia Rose Jones at his daughter's terraced home in Pontnewydd, south east Wales. The youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather. Miss Jones, 25, told Newport Crown Court that after she had left her baby in the care of her father for the first time on November 16 to go on an evening out with her friends she returned home and he said he had had a difficult night with the child.
Roy Keane to stand trial over road-rage incident with taxi driver. The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence after it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights in Altrincham, Cheshire. Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Man arrested after woman's body found floating in water at boat club. The victim, who has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s, was discovered at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire, on Sunday night. A 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail.
Australia 108 penthouse apartment sold for $25m. An ultra luxury penthouse standing 319 metres off the ground in the tallest apartment block in the southern hemisphere has been bought off the plan by a Chinese businessman for a record price of $25 million. The Melbourne apartment, which is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108 and boast 360 degrees over the city, is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country. The new owner, whose identity was not disclosed, will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD, their own private grand foyer and glass elevator.
£66,000 in benefits scam. Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period.
Uber has poached Facebook's security chief Joe Sullivan in an attempt to double down on rapidly escalating safety concerns. The $40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers.
Virgin Atlantic to allow passengers to post Facebook status updates from 35,000ft. The #SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's Dreamliner 787 routes, alongside mood lighting to help with jetlag, windows that can be darkened with a touch of a button and full length windows in the toilets. All guests on the new Virgin 787 Dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook, with specially-selected cabin shots advised. Developed in conjunction with Jiffybots, this bespoke Facebook application will allow customers to check in free of charge
F-35 Lightning II jet's $400,000 helmet allows pilots to see through the plane. Fighter pilots flying the deadly fighter jet have very special secret weapon - a $400k helmet that allows them to 'look through' the air-frame, giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies. Six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft allow its pilots to look down and see the world below them in their visor.
Tracy Tracy Morgan looks to be improving as he was spotted out with his family on Monday. Still, he appeared to strain and wince as he joined his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven as they did some shopping in New Jersey.
Beyonce obsessed woman makes boyfriend take a written exam on the singer in order to stay with her. Meet Allie Davis, a woman so obsessed with Beyonce that she made her boyfriend take the ten-question test on the famous singer, along with questions about other pop stars, to stay in the relationship. She posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on Twitter, revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent for diligently answering questions mainly about Beyonce's songs.
Man falls three storeys from Sydney apartment balcony to his death. 29-year-old Pankaj Saw fell from a Macquarie Park balcony in Sydney's west on Wednesday night, while talking to his wife in India. It is believed Mr Saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below. Emergency services were called to the unit block at 1am, however Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries.
Ambra Battilana, 22, has claimed the 63-year-old Hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. When she arrived at the office, the married father-of-five allegedly asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt.
Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised. 'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos.
Florida pharmacist arrested for threatening to hire hitman to kill Gov. Rick Scott. Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence. She called the Osceola County Sheriff's Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan.
Life of the Triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating the seas into warm stagnation, according to a new study. The Earth could be suffering from shifts in its biochemical balance similar to those believed to have wiped out half of all life 200 million years ago. This happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide.
Ex Ex-New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez had a distrustful nature and often described his friends as ungrateful, a former friend testified at Hernandez's murder trial on Wednesday. Alexander Bradley told Bristol County Superior Court Justice Susan Garsh he would be able to testify that Hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player Odin Lloyd.
Professor Ninian Peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face to correct a fracture. A Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service hearing in Manchester was told a man referred to as Patient A had suffered ‘extensive injuries’ to the right side of his face in an industrial accident. He was admitted to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 where Professor Peckitt was working as an honorary locum consultant in oral and maxillo-facial surgery since the previous month.
Military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment, particularly if their time in uniform is brief. Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides are more likely to occur after service members leave than during military deployment. The four-year study, the largest of its kind, was published Wednesday in the Journal of American Medicine Association Psychiatry. Those who left sooner had a greater risk, with a rate of 48.04 among those who spent less than a year in the military.
Cat survives 7-storey fall and is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood. The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east suburb of Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries. It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven'.
Italian priest sacked amid claims he took part in gay orgies with Swiss Guard. The prelate was sacked from a religious order in Taranto after one of his online lovers contacted the church authorities with a dossier containing alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit gay web chats. The diocese confirmed that the priest had been dismissed but claimed there were no other prelates involved.
Family of four found dead in Oklahoma home. The bodies of four people, including two young boys under the age of ten, were discovered in a Oklahoma home on Wednesday afternoon in what police suspect was a murder-suicide. The unidentified family - a 38-year-old mother, 42-year old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds.
Chris Kyle's father speaks out for the first time since his son's killer was sentenced to life in prison. Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby were'surviving' now that they finally had time to process their son's death, following the end of his killer's trial. Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at a Texas gun range in 2013 by Eddie Routh, after taking him to the range to help him cope with his PTSD.
Katherine Hadsell says police aren't doing enough to find 18-year-old AJ, who's been missing for a month. Further, she says her son - AJ's stepfather Wesley Hadsell - was arrested unjustly as he took it upon himself to investigate the crime.
Sudanese refugee Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court for his indecent assault hearing on Tuesday. New South Wales police say Hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of U.S. rappers YG and Ty Dolla $ign at Enmore Theatre, in Sydney's inner-west, on Australia Day.
Man, 21, allegedly forced 15-year-old girl into his car and screamed, 'you will never see your parents again!' in attempt to force her to be his teen bride. Kong Meng Xiong (pictured), 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment.
Prince Charles to name new pub after Duchess of Cornwall. The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset as a joint development between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse. The estate already has a Prince George House.
Little owl tries to interrupt brotherly cuddle between his two siblings. The scene was photographed from just six metres away by 48-year-old Dean Mason who hid away in a camouflaged shelter, known as a hide, in Beaconsfield, Buckinghamshire. He said: 'Every time I capture something unusual, my heart pounds. I feel such an adrenalin rush whilst at the same time hoping I've made the right choice of camera settings'.
Australia’s nocturnal, rabbit-eared Easter mascot is under threat with bilby numbers becoming dangerously low. The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now it's disappeared from around 80 per cent. The bilby is omnivorous and eats bulbs, fruit, seeds, fungi, insects, worms, termintes and even small lizards or spiders. They don’t need regular water because, like koalas, they get most of their water from their food.
Never-before-seen pictures of Winston Churchill appear to show him falling asleep at a Second World War reunion party alongside Dwight Eisenhower. Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the US ambassador in London, in 1959. The party, held on the 20th anniversary of Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland, brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign.
Gary Gary Ross Dahl, the creator of the wildly popular and bizarre 1970s fad the Pet Rock, has died aged 78 in southern Oregon. Mr Dahl's wife, Marguerite Dahl, confirmed on Tuesday that her husband of 40 years died March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Michael Olsen, 52, from Dartford, Kent, was challenged by PCs Mark Bird and Robert Wilson after abandoning his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island and parked cars. He initially ignored the officers who were pursuing him by car but when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head. When PC Bird lunged at Olsen in a bid to save his colleague he felt a sharp pain through his hand and realised he had been shot.
Sean McCabe, 30, of Tonyrefail, south Wales, even wrote a goodbye letter to his children for his partner to read to them once he had died after he was told he had stage four Hodgkin Lymphoma. Mr McCabe was diagnosed with cancer in June 2013, then aged 28, and was started on an intensive chemotherapy course. He was given the all-clear in September but just two months later told the cancer had returned in an even more aggressive form.
John Schumann slams anti-Islam protesters for using his song I Was Only 19 at Reclaim Australia rally. The songwriter, who penned the 1983 anthem, said the song - like many of his others - was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness. But it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose'sharia law, halal tax and Islamisation'..
Book reveals Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro was looking for a wife. A 39-year-old woman named Lillian Roldan came forward to author John Glatt to say she dated Castro from 2000 to 2003, a three-year period during which Castro kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry in his Ohio home. She says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner.
Kim Howe's step-children could sue Bruce Jenner for wrongful death. Bruce Jenner could be sued by the stepchildren of the woman who died in the Pacific Coast Highway car crash earlier this year - despite the fact they had 'virtually no relationship'..
R Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank account details for just £3,200 and spent her savings on cheeseburgers, bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers. Nigerian Oshodi, 31, bought Ms Budow’s Santander details from an Egyptian hacker Tamer Abdulhamid, who had persuaded her to hand them over as part of a fishing scam.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her super toned body in new lingerie campaign. The 27-year-old models her new summer sleepwear collection, which is full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints. The supermodel, who follows a strict clean and lean diet, showcases her svelte figure in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for Autograph at M&S.
Sam Smith shows off svelte figure after losing three stone. Since hitting the big time singer-songwriter Sam Smith has undergone something of a transformation. Over the past year the London-born artist, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet, and is now barely recognisable.
Drunk Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site.
Gertrude Weaver, the world's oldest person, dies six days after she was announced as the oldest living person in the world. The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden, where Weaver was a resident, confirmed her death and said they were 'devastated by her loss'.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was apprehended by real state police in New Hampshire after allegedly walking up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt. The jacket he wore to the stand on Wednesday allegedly included police patches.
Apryl Foster found dead in sunken car in Tampa-area lake. An autopsy has been completed on a missing Florida woman who was found dead after a night of partying, showing she was intoxicated when she drove into into the water and ultimately drowned. She was an aspiring singer.
America's middle class: How much do you earn?. Crunching the numbers, a new study by Pew Charitable Trusts has revealed the exact salary you need to qualify in each state. The majority of Americans identify as'middle class'.
British man bleds to death on holiday in Thailand after cutting himself on a mirror in a shop. Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with his Thai girlfriend moments before his death. He is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar.
Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the UK - beating restaurants, pubs and hotels to win the title - with its Big Breakfast one of the most popular items on its extensive morning menu. It is billed as the most important meal of the day and many people grade a restaurant on the quality of their bacon and eggs on offer.
One in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem with alcohol, a survey found. A new poll laying bare the public's attitudes to drinking found nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out, compared to a fifth of the general population.
'Le Femme' finishing school for transgender women offers guidance in how to walk like a lady. Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to those have undergone - or are undergoing - sex change operations or cross-dressers to help them make the transition from masculine to feminine. The school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin.
Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. Indeed, on her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo. Photographs show him relaxing in bed and teetering on a twig.
President Barack Obama has ordered the release of 22 drug dealers - including eight who were serving life sentences. Nearly all of the offenders who Obama granted clemency to were convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs like crack cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin.
Judge gives woman permission to file for divorce from elusive husband via Facebook. A judge has given a New York City woman the go-ahead to become the first person to legally file divorce from her elusive husband. Ellanora Baidoo hopes to finally begin divorce proceedings with her husband by sending him Facebook messages containing her petition to end their marriage. The Daily News says Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message.
Darwin man charged with posing as a nurse for six weeks. A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York during February and March. The alarm was raised by payroll workers when they noticed the registration number.
Bali prosecutors want Australian man caught smoking a joint on the beach to serve up to 12 years in jail. Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint. Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams.
Child bull riders, some as young as seven, risk life and limb in dangerous sport. Among them is Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth in Texas, who has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year. But each time he gets on a bullock, a castrated male, he risks life. Bull riding is one of the most dangerous sports in the world and one in every 15 bull rides ends in an injury of some sort.
Cancer-stricken grandmother charged nearly £200 by easyJet to change her flights. Jane Bacon, 51, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, booked the 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with her husband Peter, 52, after being told she could die within months from breast cancer. However, she bought the £1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy.
Kansai International Airport in Japan has never lost a piece of luggage. Since it opened its doors in 1994, the airport in Osaka, Japan, has not lost a single piece of baggage. And if returning luggage to travellers isn't enough, it also does so in an incredibly efficient way.
Ed Ed Miliband admits he is a geek. The Labour leader has confessed he cried when he and his wife Justine watched a DVD of the 2014 movie starring Bill Nighy and Imelda Staunton.
Google has developed a system to allow robots to download new personalities online. The system would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user.
Jon Bon Jovi sells New York City penthouse for $37.5m. The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit.
Sarah Silverman wants women to understand their worth as part of Levo League's Ask4More campaign. The 44-year-old, who is known for her wicked sense of humor, gets serious for the campaign, which calls for women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of Equal Pay Day on April 14. 'Go ahead.
ISIS has launched English-language radio news bulletins on its Iraqi broadcast service - complete with information on the latest suicide bombings and'martyrdom operations'. The extremist group's first English bulletin aired on Tuesday on its al-Bayan radio network, which already boasts updates in both Arabic and Russian. The nine-and-a-half minute broadcast, which begins and ends with traditional sounding Arabic music, is hosted by a man with an American accent, who takes the listener through the main events of the day.
Tax Taxpayers footed £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles - at a cost of £2,500 per animal - to allow dredging of the Somerset Levels. The bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate, it was revealed today.
Manhunt for Illinois man who escaped jail after beating guard unconscious and stealing his uniform and SUV. As the manhunt continues, Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, says he is worried that 23-year-old Kamron Taylor, the man convicted of his son Nelson Jr's murder, might attack him. 'As I go home every night, I figure he might ambush me like he did my son.'.
South Australian law professor says police 'outrageously' subjected woman to oral swab test after she was reported for flashing her breasts on Google Street View. Karen Davis, from Port Pirie in South Australia, notoriously flashed her K-cup breasts on Google Street View and was reported by police with disorderly behaviour. She handed herself into police voluntarily.
Rosetta flies to within 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67P's surface. During this close flyby, the probe was able to capture a stunning four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail. The view also gives a detailed look at the numerous, curved markings visible on the smooth surface. The European Space Agency also recently released a trove of images captured by the Rosetta probe during its long journey to Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
Labour was at war with business again last night as the party lashed out at 120 bosses who warned the economic recovery could be wrecked if it regained power. Shadow Cabinet ministers branded the industry leaders who signed an open letter backing the Conservative economic plan as members of the ‘1 per cent’.
World celebrates Holy Week with awe-inspiring and shocking parades. Millions of devout Christians around the world have been commemorating the final days of Jesus Christ by taking part in awe and shocking Holy Week celebrations. The festival, which marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday, has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents.
Father and sons jailed for eight years for harassing pensioners with dementia. Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, followed people aged up to 97 home from the Post Office after they had collected their pensions before demanding the cash. If the victim had no money on them, they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it, or the trio would con their way into their homes.
Benjamin Astbury, who doctors said would not survive after he was born, has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday. Benjamin was born 12 weeks early, weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar. He suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations.
The most unusual, extravagant, and eggs-cellent Easter treats on sale in Australia. A chocolate bunny worth $64,000 (£33,000) made headlines this week for being the world's most expensive Easter treat. The five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent Tanzania Origin chocolate, contains a staggering 548,000 calories... and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes.
Mother charged with manslaughter in death of her 3-month-old daughter who was left home alone while she was out clubbing with her sister. Tyecka Shanta Evans, a mother of two from Ocala, Florida, was taken into custody Tuesday after her youngest child was discovered unresponsive at home last Thursday. Evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head.
Romanian stray dogs are being hunted down by 'dog catchers' and stuck in squalid state-run pounds where 'they are waiting to die'. The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation. But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed - and re-homed at least 700 in the UK.
Canadian father-son trip from Montreal, Quebec to Kentucky to eat at the original Kentucky Fried Chicken. Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin. The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states.
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds, 24, regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her Mealspiration blog before she started her business, Sweets and Sweat, in September 2013. Her gourmet recipes caught the eye of Ashy Bines, a Gold Coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, in 2012.
Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday but as these photos taken on Saturday show, the ongoing drought is already taking its toll on once Technicolor landscape of lush yards, emerald golf courses and aquamarine swimming pools. Affluent Southern California communities with lots of landscaping on automatic timers were some of the worst offenders, topping 300 gallons of water per person a day compared with 70 gallons for some San Francisco Bay Area communities.
Joey Essex meets Nigel Farage in Grimsby. TOWIE star Joey Essex has claimed to be all at sea when it comes to knowing about politics. So he joined Nigel Farage on a boat trip to try and understand his general election plans. He told reporters that the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a'really, really reem guy'.
Scientists claim the computer keyboard could be a powerful new tool in their battle against Parkinson's disease. Now they're working on creating a keyboard that can tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type.
Rob Ford to undergo'very serious' surgery to remove cancerous tumor in abdomen. In an emotional press conference on Thursday, the 45-year-old politician said he met with doctors who told him chemotherapy and radiation have shrunk the tumor to a size where they can operate. Four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on May 11.
Olivia Palermo and Aspinal of London team up to design a limited edition Marylebone tote. With Pippa Middleton and Victoria Beckham both being long term devotees, Aspental of London handbags have been on our sartorial radar for a while now. But the British heritage brand has stepped up its game a notch for its latest venture, a collaboration with one of our favourite fashionistas, Olivia Palero. Olivia's £995 TechTote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf, complete with a dusty pink suede lining and gold hardware -
Teen with cancer must remain in DCF custody even though her disease has gone into remission. Cassandra Fortin, 17, has been at Children's Medical Center in Hartford since December receiving court-ordered chemotherapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma, a type of blood cancer. The case drew national attention when the teen rejected chemotherapy treatments after being diagnosed in September.
Incredible pictures have shown the moment ferocious red sandstorms currently engulfing China devoured a city in the country's north west. The sandstorm was the fourth to hit the area this year as authorities struggle to deal with the natural hazards.
Benefits Street's Sherrell Dillion wins place in Top Model of Colour final. She's the Benefits Street resident who wants to become Britain's next top supermodel. And now Sherrell has revealed she has landed herself a place in a top competition.
More than 20,000 foreign fighters have fled to Syria and Iraq, turning the region into an ‘international finishing school’ for jihadists, an alarming report found. Fighters from 100 nations – more than half the countries in the world – have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State, according to research by the United Nations. Worryingly, the report warned if IS was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world.
Marc Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers. Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, who was only recently appointed to the role of consul general in Miami.
Five-year-old girl's skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle after doctors discovered it was too small for her growing brain. Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis - meaning the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain. In September last year Ava underwent the operation, which involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull. Seven months after her surgery Ava, now six, is 'a completely different child'.
Girl With The Dragon Tattoo sequel is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid leaks. The Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, will be the fourth installment in the best-selling Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson. The book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died.
Nestle archive of Easter eggs reveals the evolution of the Easter Egg over the past 40 years. Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s to highlight how the traditional chocolate treats have changed over the years. The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo. The Easter Egg can be traced back to WWI when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life and hope.
Ethel Rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis and was left ‘cowering’ in pain after falling from her bed. But even though the grandmother was in agony, her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed. Because she is mute, Mrs Rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened.
Plane passenger's heartfelt letter to Germanwings pilots goes viral. A handwritten note delivered to the pilots by a plane passenger thanking them for 'taking her home safely' has gone viral, just a week after the Germanwings tragedy that claimed 150 lives. A screenshot of the letter was shared on Twitter, and in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2,000 shares. The heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon, who was shown the A4 by a colleague in the industry.
Ollie the Owl, the owl who was 'kidnapped' from a Nottinghamshire pub, jetted off to Belfast, Benidorm and Tunisia in less than a month. Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, of the Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham, thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on March 6 demanding a donation to charity for its safe return. Those responsible for the theft even created a Facebook page to keep fans updated about the owl's adventures since being snatched. The owl took the opportunity of freedom to pose for a photo with Nottingham's most
Which is the perfect pillow?. Forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets, the perfect pillows is the key to a good night’s sleep.
Run-down car park bought for £3m by National Trust. The tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales, voted the UK's number one beach, the third best in Europe, and 9th best in the world by TripAdvisor. Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles, surrounded by the rolling Welsh hills in the picture-perfect vista. The beautiful piece of coastline is a favourite with location scouts and has been the setting for Doctor Who along with a host of car TV adverts.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, from Madrid, was appearing on the Spanish version of The Voice when he belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar. As he launched himself into the chorus, the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement.
Curiosity Rover has discovered strange, multi-coloured veins on Mars that could give astronomers new insights into the red planet's watery past. The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches).
Mark Dawe, head of the Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations board (OCR), said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests - and compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam. He said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway – and teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them.
Bees prefer cities to fields, study finds. A study of wildlife sites across four English counties has found that most are home to fewer species of bee today than they were in the past. It found that the expansion of farmland has actually been more damaging to Britain’s bee population than the concreting over of the countryside for housing.
YouTube star turns herself into Maleficent. It's amazing what a bit of make-up can do. In a startling new tutorial YouTube star Promise Tamang turns herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character from the upcoming movie of the same name. But where the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones, Promise's bone structure is a result of clever contouring.
Climber Tom Ballard plans to climb K2, 20 years after his mother died descending from its peak. Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995. Now her son Tom Ballard, one of the world's most accomplished climbers, plans to conquer K2 himself.
Mindy Kaling's older brother claims he was only accepted into medical school because he posed as a black man. Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed in 1998 to get into medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. He claims in 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward runs 33 miles just weeks before brain surgery. An eight-year-old boy from Layton, Utah, ran 33 miles before undergoing his fourth round of surgery on a malignant brain tumor. Even before he was first diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor - known as a mature Teratoma - back in October 2014, the young man was already running half marathons.
Roma gang accused of selling a newborn to a childless couple for £6,500 and a car has told a French court that the child was 'a gift'. In July 2013, Marseille detectives received an anonymous tip that a Romanian woman had just given birth and had given the child to Mike and Carmen Gorgan, aged 27 and 28.
Teenager killed by police in Illinois was shot twice in the back. Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder. Police responding to news of 'an argument' at 2pm had chased Justus down the street before opening fire, according to a spokesman for Zion Police.
Prince Harry to spend four weeks with Australian military. Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday to kick-off his last tour of duty, where he will spend four-weeks with the Australian military.The royal's down under tour, his final before hanging up his fatigues and retiring from the armed services, will see him serve alongside some of the country's elite soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney.
Robin Rinaldi's response was to demand an open marriage and bed 12 strangers in as many months. She's now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its very messy fallout.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday. Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years.'
Kim Sears works on her wedding tan as she watches fiance Andy Murray's Miami Open match. Kim Sears looks set to be a glowing bride after she was spotted working on her  wedding tan in Miami on Tuesday. Wearing a wide-brimmed hat to shield her face from the sun, Kim was a vision of health as applied suncream whilst enjoying the match in Key Biscayne, Florida.
Experts in America found that more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments during the 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis panicked and sold them after the stock market fell by 30 per cent. Research carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University showed how those who did follow that path and sold at the lowest point eight years ago with a pension of £100,000 would only have £63,000 today.
A hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing, experts warned last night. Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election. Experts said last night that a badly hung parliament, with neither major party able to form a stable government, would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe. He frantically tried to clear his throat, and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer-by.
The father of one of three teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join Islamic State fighters in Syria works for the Ministry of Defence. It is believed the man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office, where he could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel at home and overseas. He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, after the MoD considered suspending him, a source has said.
Amazing images of a typhoon heading for the Philippines have been snapped from orbit by two astronauts. Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today.
Charlotte Roach, 26, from London, gave up ordinary clothes for Lent to raise money for the charity that saved her life. Along with her business partner Rosemary Pringle, 28, the pair vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days to fundraise for London's Air Ambulance.
Lishan Wang found incompetent to stand trial for second time. New Haven Superior Court Judge Thomas O'Keefe Jr. ruled Monday that 49-year-old Wang should be sent to Connecticut Valley Hospital for treatment. In a court report submitted last month, mental health experts said Wang displayed 'paranoid thinking'.
Wife of soccer referee sues hot-headed player who killed her husband for $51 million. Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland, the representative of her husband's estate, is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league. The figure represents $1 million for each of the 51 additional years he could have lived, according to the lawsuit in Wayne County court. She died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before he was ejected from a weekend game in Livonia.
New York cab drivers share their best relationship advice. New York City cab drivers spend their entire work days eavesdropping on their customers conversations, so it's no surprise that many of them have learned a thing or two about love and relationships along the way. With that in mind, New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice in hopes unlocking the key to a successful union.
FireChat egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks. Called Greenstone, it acts like an egg to help send messages to people in close proximity that are in Bluetooth or Wi-Fi Direct range - up to around 30 feet (9 metres). Its FireChat app paved the way for chatting to friends without the need for the web or even a mobile signal.
Road Road rage claimed another life. At around 10.30pm on Sunday, Turkman Gate lived up to Delhi's reputation as a city that has lost its soul.
Italian Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory. Griffo, 42, who is based in Latina, led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland where they were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle.
Prince Harry is headed for his final tour of duty in the elite SAS headquarters in Perth, Western Australia where the soldier who claims to have shot the Taliban warlord who was intent on killing the royal heir works as a training commander. Corporal Mark Donaldson is one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers, one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the Victoria Cross, for his bravery in Afghanistan. He was awarded the VC for his actions in September 2008, when, despite being advised not to go and help, Donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue a wounded interpreter, while under heavy
CIA women speak out against depictions of female spies on TV and in movies. Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and movies. The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills.
Peter Tarsey and his wife, Jean, both 77, were found covered in a green raincoat, each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of 'terrible cruelty'. The friend, Ann, said she had gone to the house on Sunday afternoon with another friend because she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone.
The Research Vessel Flip is a 355-foot scientific platform that has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years. The RV Flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study, where it turns 90 degrees, leaving just 50 feet above the surface. The reason behind the flip is that with 300 feet below the surface, the vessel becomes incredibly stable. Instead of bobbing up and down on the waves like a traditional boat, it keeps its position.
Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button - and it works even if you don't have signal. More than 250 million emergency calls are made each year but two thirds have inaccurate location information, resulting in an estimated 10,000 deaths. To make this process easier, developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app.
Seth Casteel captures adorable photos of babies swimming underwater in new book. The pictures for his new book, Underwater Babies, reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world, chubby-cheeked, curious, mischievous, and playful, all captured in his up-close-and-personal signature style. He created the book by heading along to water safety classes for babies at swimming pools in ten different states. The pictures are innovative and take on an air of excitement as the youngsters swim beneath the waves.
Darcy Atkinson, 2, was 'caned or whipped' before he died from injuries sustained while paddle boarding. Two-year-old Darcy Atkinson was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died on December 7, 2012. The toddler had been in the care of his mother's boyfriend Adam Taylor when he was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics, before being airlifted to Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath.
Mummified body of elderly woman found in San Francisco hoarder's house. Police in the Richmond area is said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine. The remains which were removed from the house on Saturday are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn.
Firefighters battle 70-acre brush fire in California. Residents in San Bernardino County in California were forced to flee their homes after a planned control burn in an area of brush land went out of control due to high winds. The county parks department set the fire on Tuesday to clear the area of highly flammable cattails, although a shift in the wind in the Mojave Narrows Park, between Apple Valley and Victorville caused the fire to spread. At its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze.
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, recently developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface. Called 'Uploader for Instagram', it allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone. According Jillian Eugenios at CNNMoney, the teenager is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app.
Mike Holpin, 56, who boasts of fathering 40 children plays Grand Theft Auto for up to 20 hours a day on a PlayStation4 bought with his benefits. He has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his Monmouthshire council house, each connected to his three £450 PS4 consoles all funded by his state handouts. His 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than £4million in benefits and care costs, with 16 taken off him and their mothers by social services.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images. The book focuses on the humble beginnings of some of the world's biggest Italian brands and how they rose to cultural significance. It looks at how designers such as Miuccia Prada, Giorgio Armani and Adele Casagrande, founder of Fendi, have created a legacy within their labels.
Michael Brelo's footprints were also found on the hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Russell, 43, and Williams, 30, died. The car was strafed by police gunfire and its two unarmed occupants were killed after a high-speed chase over streets and freeways in and around Cleveland.
Nigel Nigel Farage has admitted Ukip has'slipped back a bit' in the polls as the sense of euphoria among the party's supporters has waned. Asked if he was panicking after a poll showed support for the party has fallen, Mr Farage said: 'Good Lord no!'
Man held hostage at knifepoint for more than seven hours in Melbourne restaurant. Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay. Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon.
Mothers across the globe have been left outraged by an alleged religious community that is criticizing moms for having cesarean sections instead of natural childbirths – creating a series of insulting campaign images, or memes, that claim they 'didn't really give birth'. The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes, expressing their disgust at the outrageous messages they express; the community, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and '
Greece's prime minister met Vladimir Putin yesterday and struck potential deals over investment in energy and other projects. It was expected Mr Tsipras would ask Mr Putin for a hand-out.
Jeremy Kyle Show guest Jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend Dawn. The couple, known only as Jamie and Dawn, were appearing on an episode entitled: 'My fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?'.
Gerry Gerry Adams has sparked outrage by suggesting that incidents like Mrs McConville’s murder happened ‘in every single conflict’. The mother-of-ten, pictured with three of her children, disappeared from her Belfast home in 1972.
'ring of fire' spotted in space thanks to Albert Einstein's theory of relatively. The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies.
Pizza Hut employee hands his boss a doctor's note for calling in sick. The unnamed worker, from Alberta, Canada, instead came armed with with a scathing note from his GP, giving the firm - believed to be Pizza Hut - a ticking off for its office policy 'wasting his time'. A man said to be an employee of Pizza Hut shared his doctor's sicknote with a friend, who posted it on Reddit. Clearly annoyed at having their time 'wasted' writing sick notes for common colds, the unnamed Canadian doctor opens the letter praising their patient for'sensibly staying home from work' The
Police have found the car a Queensland teenager was forced into at gunpoint by an ex-partner. Relatives of Billy-Anne Huxham told officers on Tuesday morning she had been forced into a car outside a Caboolture home, north of Brisbane.
Nicola Sturgeon today warned Ed Miliband that time is running out on her offer to help lock the Tories out of power. The SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10, even if David Cameron's Conservatives win more seats.
Pet Pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers where they damage unique local ecosystems by growing up to twenty times their regular size. Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length, in the waterways of Western Australia amongst other exotic introduced species. Aside from feasting on local fish and taking their homes, introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them.
Linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own. Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. Much of it, they say, involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists who broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream in March found hens in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists as they were in desperate need of veterinary care. Some looked as if they had only a few days left to live such was their condition. Eggs were still being produced at the farm despite the poorly hens. Activists said they found birds living in terrible conditions.
Kevin Blandford's holiday snaps have gone viral on the internet, with each one showing him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife. The 33-year-old, from Louisville, Kentucky, won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace, but his wife, Bonnie, wasn't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter.
Why too much stress is bad for your health. The science of stress was explained in a video by Dr Raychelle Burks from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln for the American Chemical Society. In it she reveals why prolonged periods of stress - due to money and work, for example - can inhibit the immune system and even lead to weaker bones.
Boris Johnson today launched the Tory campaign in London with a speech in Hartley Hall, Mill Hill. He said Ed Miliband was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home and would embark on an 'orgy of regulation and state socialism'.
Seven out of 10 business chiefs at Britain's biggest companies think Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain, a survey has revealed. The poll of 35 business chairman, by the headhunters Korn Ferry, is a further blow to Labour which is struggling to repair its relationship with big business after a series of controversial policy announcements. Mr Miliband last week vowed to ban 90 per cent of zero-hours contracts and unveiled proposals to make it easier for workers to take their bosses to court for unfair dismissal.
Teenagers have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films, and reality using the hashtag #realisticYA. In The Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen is pulled out of obscurity, swiftly develops expert bow-and-arrow skills and leads a government rebellion - all without having to deal with braces or a single spot.
David Cameron makes last-ditch plea for Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives. In a direct appeal to voters who have shifted allegiance to Nigel Farage’s party, the Prime Minister vowed to ‘do more’ to respond to concerns about immigration. With the election on a knife-edge, he warned that it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest'.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself.
Car repair shop worker suspended after threatening customer's husband in profane voicemail. Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook. In it he said: 'I want you to get her in check before there is a big f***ing problem here on my end.'
Mother-of-five Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket. She sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail. 'I'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem.'
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago. She had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts - and at just 6st, she was deemed clinically underweight.
Davy Jones' memorabilia to go on sale in New York. Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the Hard Rock Cafe. The Monkees were put together by music executives in 1966 to star in a TV comedy and to be the U.S. answer to The Beatles. Jones, best known for his work with the band, died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66.
Former bomb disposal expert Steve Tempest-Mitchell, from Bradford, West Yorkshire, lost a whopping 16st after the surgery 14 months ago, which caused his stomach to shrink to the size of a tennis ball. The 56-year-old said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his Type 2 diabetes.
Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows reveal opulent overwater villas for $2,000 a night. Disney has just opened their first-ever overwater bungalows as part of their luxury Polynesiaian resort. The impressive overwater suites are a first of their kind for Disney, boasting two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a private plunge pool. Each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people.
David Cameron takes on Church of England bishops over welfare policies. In an Easter message to Christians, the Prime Minister insisted the Coalition had spent five years 'trying to lift people up' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility. ‘Just because some people have disagreed with our policies, does not mean those policies are missing in moral content,’ he insisted.
Mother of Australian soldier killed in Syria pays tribute to her son at his funeral. Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border, while fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and was given a heroes send off in Macquarie Park, Sydney, on Thursday morning. Although his mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death, the proud mother paid a touching tribute to his final action in life. The Queenslander, who lived in the ACT, is believed to be the first Westerner to die
Missing 11-year-old autistic boy 'fascinated' by water but can not swim. Luke Shambrook has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park, with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree Celsius on Saturday night. He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday. He may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide.
50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in Queensland bushland, with a taskforce set up to probe live-baiting in the state now investigating the grim find. At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday, with the RSPCA.
Man who shot himself dead at Universal Studios was stalking ex-girlfriend. Police revealed it was not the first time the gunman, who has not been identified, had sparked security concerns at the park, where the mother of his child works in a restaurant. Last week he was escorted off the premises.
Three Aussie stylists named Hollywood Reporter's 'Power Stylists for 2015'. They say all it takes is one celebrity to make it to the big time, but in a sea of celebrity stylists, making a name for yourself can be quite the challenge. But not for three women who are not only scoring red carpet gigs and A-list actors but are now being dubbed 'power stylists' in Hollywood Reporter’s ‘Power stylists’ hit list.
Kiwi couple snap up $1.25m house for $125,000 less than it is worth. A kiwi couple has snapped up a bargain by buying property for more than $1 million less than its worth. The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price.
Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour. There's no surer sign that winter is coming than the end of daylight saving. But it's not all bad news.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day, after she was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol (NHP) trooper. The ticket caused Fragoso to receive points against her driving record.
Fearless lion leaps on to hippo calf's back in South Africa. The big cat was seen at Kruger National Park attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became temporarily separated from its herd after emerging from the water. Watch the moment a fearless lion tries and fails to bring down a baby hippo.
Mother and son missing after car is swept away in floodwaters in Kentucky. A mother and child remain missing hours after their car was swept into a flooded creek in eastern Kentucky. Kentucky State Police Trooper Robert Purdy said the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday.
Superdrug launches anti-ageing cream to tackle stress spots. A poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood. One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin.
Shares have performed nearly twice as well under Conservative governments than under Labour over the last 45 years, according to figures published today. Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under David Cameron's Conservatives party, compared to just under nine per cent under Labour.
Bentley Design chief Luc Donckerwolke apparently thought the new Lincoln Continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur. The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears.
Nationwideity branch manager Hugo Mbaeri, 25, from Portsmouth allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters while he was working at Nationwide Building Society, a court heard. The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, who is not before the court, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said.
Choupette, the cat who has bewitched the creative director of fashion house Chanel is no leggy clothes horse, in fact her legs — all four of them — are on the short side. She is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Karl Lagerfeld — or ‘Daddy’ as he calls himself when talking to his pet. She doesn’t demean herself by eating her food from the floor but dines perched on the table beside her Daddy. When it comes to her diet she laughs in the face of
Labour were left embarrassed tonight after it was forced to remove a signatory to a letter of support after she was exposed as a benefit cheat who had swindled nearly £30,000. Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a Labour government signed by people ‘from all walks of life’.
Teacher Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest.
Six Hollywood superstars who can command a major opening based on their fan base. The Hunger Games film franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies - and the final chapter is due out at the end of the year. Before that, the Twilight saga managed $3.3 billion over five films from 2008. The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham by a train heading north. Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said train No. 80, the Carolinian, was headed from Charlotte to New York City when the accident occurred on property owned by Norfolk-Southern. The Lowes were both pronounced dead at the scene, WRAL reported.
Vivienne Westwood unveils luxury penthouse hotel suite in LA. Breaking records for the largest suite in Los Angeles, the Westwood-designed penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is set to open next month, and it will cost a eye-watering $25,000 (almost £17,000) a night. The 10th-floor penthouse - measuring 11,000 square feet with two levels - will feature exclusive art, decor and custom furnishings, created in collaboration with Richmond Design.
China is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the South China Sea, the US Navy has claimed. The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs, possibly damaging local ecosystems. But this is just one of several artificial islands China has been creating in the region - and the exact purpose of them is unknown.
New Jersey church roof collapses during Easter Sunday service. Fourteen people were hospitalized after the entire roof of a church in Rahway, New Jersey, came crashing down mid-song during an Easter service. Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church when the ceiling collapsed. Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury.
Disabled boy left to sleep on floor in hospital. Cody Neatis, from Preston, was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital last Thursday with a chest infection. But rather than a bed in the children's ward, he has had to sleep in a mattress on the floor since arriving.
Arkansas, Indiana move to alter religious freedom laws. Two states at the center of gay rights protests over laws designed to 'uphold religious freedom' are engaging in hurried climbdowns today, with both moving to alter legislation that critics say legalizes discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time.' The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from
School holidays: Britain could be hotter than Mallorca. If you decided to stay in Britain for the school holidays rather than jetting off abroad, you may have made a wise decision. Because the glorious spring weather is set to stretch out for the rest of the week.
The European Space Agency's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help. It is working with Nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens. Experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit. This month marked the start of preliminary design work on ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission, or AIM. Intended to demonstrate technologies for future deep-space missions, AIM will also be the Agency's very first investigation of planetary defence techniques.
96-year-old war veteran Robert Clark could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home. As a young prisoner of war, he survived the brutality of the Nazi ‘death march’ across Europe. Now 96-yr-old Robert Clark is engaged in a different sort of battle after a council refused to increase funding he needs for a live-in carer.
Dr Lara Briden, a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health, recounts a patient who was suffering with PMS whom she helped by changing her eating habits. 'Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but they're not normal.'
Church of England schools should stop selecting pupils on faith because it discriminates against the poor, a group of vicars has claimed. They say the system is open to abuse and many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they may live nearby. Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services, a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos.
Stars generate sounds on their surface in an unexpected way, according to new experimental evidence. Of course, as space is a vacuum it is impossible to hear sound in space, but the discovery reveals a new way that fluids can interact to produce a sound - one with an extremely high frequency. Martin Vargic, a graphic designer from Slovakia, has created a chart that shows how the most famous of the constellations have changed from 50,000 BC to 100,000CE.
CCTV pictures show a 'peeping Tom' who is believed to have been spying on young women changing in cubicles at a swimming pool. At around 12.45pm yesterday, a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire.
Paul Childs reveals he is HIV positive as he launches scathing attack on Nigel Farage for his comments on the condition during last week's TV debate. Paul Child's, who is running in the Liverpool Riverside seat, said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011 following a routine test after starting a new relationship with a man. The air steward said he was revealing he had HIV because he was infuriated by the Ukip leader's'scaremongering' over the number of foreigners who have the condition.
The liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. In a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area. Researchers have already tested the material in existing body armour designs. The liquid has been used to create lightweight flexible sheets, which can be placed inside the body armour.
The Colima volcano in Mexico spews out a plume of ash and lava. Hernando Rivera Cervantes took the pictures as local authorities warned those living around the volcano, which is also known as the Fire volcano, to prepare for a possible evacuation. He said: 'I waited for eight hours, knowing something was going to happen. When the lightning arrived it was magical.'
Father of asthmatic nursing student who died during traffic stop threatens to sue police. Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday night when he was pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows. The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining that he had trouble breathing, before suffering a fatal heart attack. When he arrived at the hospital, he claims no one from Detroit Police was there to tell him what happened.
School bans children from running in playground in case they fall over. Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads. Parents are furious about the ban.
The most bonkers Easter eggs in Britain. From yeast-flavoured chocolate (we're looking at you, Marmite) to an egg made from 300g of Cheddar, here is FEMAIL's selection of the most unusual eggs you can try this Easter. Easter eggs are the most popular treat of the year.
Hayley Okines, 17, dies aged 17 from rare genetic condition that gave her the body of a 100-year-old. Hayley, from Bexhill, East Sussex, became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition. She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate. Progeria takes its name from the Greek word 'proeros', meaning prematurely old.
China. From bear testicles and tiger paws to crocodile jaws and snake heads, these are just some of the bizarre animal parts being sold in China's so-called medicine markets. Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world.
MI5 covered up abuse of boys in Kincora home, ex-intelligence officer claims. Brian Gemmell, a former captain in the Intelligence Corps, said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland children’s home. He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a Westminster paedophile gang.
An elderly couple have been charged as investigations deepen into the discovery of a mass dog grave containing the carcasses of 55 greyhounds. The shocking grisly photos show the decomposed bodies and burnt out skeletons. Their carcasses lie in thick bush grass and some are still covered in dark brown fur with gun shot wounds clearly visible. There have been reports that the remains of the animals are scattered over an area of 200m around the reserve and no efforts have been made to conceal them.
Mother-of-three's addiction to alcohol has cost the NHS £100,000. Julie Merner's heavy drinking has resulted in her being admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. In January, following her latest admission, the 39-year-old vowed to quit the habit, which has ravaged her liver, causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis. 'I know if I carry on, I will end up dead - they say one more drop will kill me'.
Antarctica has experienced its highest temperature on record, according to meteorologists. Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula recorded a temperature of 17.5°C.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour's walk from campus to learn about living with only the necessities. With no plumbing or electricity, Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear as his fellow students live comfortably in their dorm rooms.
Two teenage boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days and cannot be reached on their mobile phones. One of the boys is believed to be a relation of Hammaad Munshi, who was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family. He was locked up for two years under the Terrorism Act in 2008.
Young driver runs off the road and crashes into backyard swimming pool. The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west early on Friday morning. The men told police they were driving along Partridge Road at 4.30am on Friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout.
Liz Smith spills celebrity secrets that she never printed. After almost 70 years working in the gossip and entertainment industry, legendary writer and columnist Liz Smith is naming names. The 92-year-old, who started her career in New York City when she was just 25, is sharing a few big scoops that were too scandalous to print over the course of her storied career at papers including the New York Post and New York Daily News.
College student charged with sexually assaulting two young boys at daycare. A 21-year-old college student from Massachusetts has been arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five. Kyle Patrick Loughlin, who was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course, was arrested.
Frozen trawler sinks off Russian coast, killing 56 crew members. A massive rescue operation involving more than 1,300 people is now underway after the ship, carrying an international crew of 132, sank in the Sea of Okhotsk in just 15 minutes. Rescuers reported that the ship was unstable because of empty fuel tanks and a lack of ballast as it sailed through the Kamchatka Peninsula.
'blue light' emitted from modern gadgets can cause a variety of health complaints, ranging from sleeping and eating problems to headaches and even cancer. Now, Dr Sanchez-Ramos has discovered that it can also permanently damage the retina. In extreme cases, she says, it may even lead to macular degeneration.
Britain finds oil in the Falklands. After nine months of exploratory drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands. The bonanza, which could be worth billions of pounds, will add to fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory just days after Defence Secretary Michael Fallon warned of a'very live threat' from Argentina.
Top Gear helps BBC's iPlayer to record levels after four episodes shown in February notched up nine million views. Top Gear has helped steer the BBC’s iPlayer to record levels after four episodes shown in February notched up nine million views alone. The long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month as fans used it to take one last look at their favourite show. The viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon
Sydney's housing market records yet another record boom. Dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the Harbour city, a record growth and the strongest increase since April in 2009, according to the latest figures from RP Data. It comes after the Reserve Bank cut official interest rates in February, leading to a weekly 80 per cent auction clearance rate and an investor fuelled market.
Tax Tax adviser Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from the 14th floor window of the Executive Plaza building in midtown Manhattan at 8.30am yesterday morning. He was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring Michelangelo Hotel, near the Rockefeller Center, and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Teen Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night, said the New York Police Department Police said Kuta appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops. Officers had chased Kuta and five other teenagers up the stairs after complaints that they were smoking marijuana in the lobby of the building located on Valentine Avenue in Mott Haven, said spokesman Stephen Davis.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie pulls out his eight-year-old son's wobbly tooth with a Chevy muscle car. A video posted online shows him revving up the engine of his red Chevrolet Camero before powering forward, pulling his son's front tooth clean out. After the car stops, James, eight, can be seen running up to the camera with blood smudged across his other teeth, saying excitedly: 'It came out!'
Airport worker awarded $40m in compensation for freak runway accident that left him paralyzed from the waist down. Brandon Afoa, 33, of Puyallup, Washington, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift. The incident, which took place at 2am on December 26, 2007, left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group, authorities said, but instead was arrested at her home. Authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic State group fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation and that she told the fighter that the opportunity 'would be amazing,' according to the documents. 'I can make that wish come true,' the fighter reportedly replied.
Deathwatch beetles infest Hay Castle in Wales. An infestation of deathwatch beetles is putting the imposing castle, which towers above the town of Hay-on-Wye on the Welsh border, at peril. A £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers, with structural engineers and historical building specialists hoping to repair the damage.
Twin brothers Marcus and Markieff Morris accused of teaming up to assault former mentor after he sent inappropriate text messages to their mother. Phoenix police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game. Hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them financially.
Keith Cameron jailed for scamming dying friend and neighbour out of £476,864. The 54-year-old scammed his trusting friend and terminally ill neighbour, Jonathan Speirs, out of his life savings. He promised the world-famous lighting architect a £2million return on his investment in just two years.
Dogs can sniff out dry rot in old houses. The appropriately named Mark Doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out the destructive fungus in houses where it can hide in places a person would miss. He gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea to set up a business using the animals’ sense of smell, which is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans. After six months of training, four-year-old border collie Meg and 22-month-old English springer spaniel Jess went to work.
Texas couple sue photographer who allegedly wrote racial slur on wedding photos. A couple from Texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots from the event. The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party'. The couple had their wedding party at beautiful Bell Tower in northwest Houston, Texas.
New Zealand mother forced to give up her job to care for baby with rare medical condition. Baby Malakai has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital. The newborn cannot see, cannot hear and struggles to breath. Doctors say he may not be able to walk.
Former Fortune 500 executive Robert Dellinger accused of being 'heartless' in court after admitting to causing fatal highway crash that killed pregnant Vermont couple and their unborn baby. Prosecutors have said Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying 24-year-old Amanda Murphy, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, Jason Timmons. Relatives of Murphy and Timmons tore into Dellinger during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing. He appeared to be deeply remorseful during the hearing.
Chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central London, according to undercover police teams. Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End before stealing their cash and belongings.
Gareth Shoulder, 24, who is a big fan of Brand and regularly messages the comedian on social media, used his ‘@bbcgen2015’ Twitter page to make the disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan, who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy. After Mr Cameron spoke movingly in the first leaders TV Election debate about the NHS care given to Ivan, Shoulder sneered: ‘A new record for Cameron… 34 minutes before he pulls out the Ivan card and pretends he cares about our NHS.’ Shoulder also said that, in the debate,
Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. The experiment, which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly, highlights how dirty handling money can be.
Brian Williams started embellishing his stories because he felt insecure following in Tom Brokaw's footsteps at NBC, according to a new report. The network handed Williams a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003.
How to burn off the calories you might consume this Easter. Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping, while a large Lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of tough rowing to work off. A Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg contains an incredible 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5g, almost double the amount the WHO recommends in a day. Here, exercise coaches recommend how you can offset the calories.
World's largest sperm bank moves to Florida to tap into 'unabundant donor opportunities'. Cryos International, an online sperm bank, is moving its offices from New York to the Central Florida Research Park in Orlando, right next to the University of Central Florida. While the company says the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer, it is also due to 'intense competition for donors' in New York.
Book review: COASTLINES: THE STORY OF OUR SHORE by Patrick Barkham. (Granta Books £20). People are drawn back to the sea in their retirement, staring once more and feeling as they did as children.
Man charged with assassinating Russian opposition leader Boris Nemstov says he was beaten and pressured into confessing to murder. Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician in Moscow on February 27, along with four other Chechan men. Now Russian news agencies have quoted him as telling the court that he had been abducted, beaten and forced to confess.
Undercover drug bust in Houston leads to six arrests. Just like the Channing Tatum movie 21 Jump Street, an undercover drug sting in Houston has lead to the arrest of six high school students following an eight month operation. The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015.
Ed Ed Miliband's claim to crackdown on the super-rich unravelled today after it emerged Ed Balls has warned the idea of scrapping non-dom rules would cost the country money. The Labour leader used a speech to say he will 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms, which applies to around 116,000 people, claiming they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified'.
Hundreds of seals are being killed in British waters in order to protect stocks of salmon and other fish which are destined for supermarket shelves. The seal cull even takes place during the animals' breeding season - meaning that some cubs are being left to fend for themselves when their mothers are shot dead.
Scottish voters would rather have a referendum on the EU than another independence vote, a new survey has revealed. The idea of having another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters. It comes after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon last night refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Furious7 has raced to the top of the domestic box office, picking up a massive $143.6 million in its opening weekend. The film has also established a new high-water mark for.
Jennifer Stewart, 31, and husband, Joseph Naaman, 34, said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly – apparently while being transferred from the plane – that Felix was able to get out and run away. Jennifer said she isn't satisfied with the way Felix's crate was secured and transported on the Etihad Airways flight. She said his crate was tied down to a large metal pallet and cracked open, apparently when one of the straps got caught on something.
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies, including faster methods of propulsion. Other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans, and small satellites to explore deep space.And one of the companies in the 12 Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships (NextStep) says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days.
Coronation Street's Katy Cavanagh and other stars who have lent their voices to radio advertising campaigns. They're professionally trained to project their voices for stage and screen, so it's unsurprising that the nation's most popular actors might use one of their best assets to secure lucrative work with the best deals said to be worth around £50,000. However, while voiceover work might be a salary-boosting sideline, it can go down like a lead balloon with other employers, as Corrie actress Katy Cavanagh discovered to her peril recently. Executives at Corrie have reportedly just overturned
Katie Price still hasn't forgiven her cheating husband Kieran Hayler. They spent the weekend larking around enjoying Easter together. But new reports have suggested that all is not as rosy as it might seem when it comes to Katie Price's marriage.
A bear hunting salmon in Alaska eyes up his dinner as a fish leaps straight at him while swimming up stream in order to reach its breeding grounds. In the sparse and frozen wilds of Alaska, it is not often that a tasty meal jumps almost straight into your mouth. But that was the case for one bear.
Zhou Qunfei: Former factory girl who earned less than £100 a month becomes China's richest woman after her company Lens Technology goes public. The 45-year-old, whose company supplies protective window glass used in Apple devices, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China. Now many of the world's phone manufacturers are her customers, and the number of orders by Lens Technology continues to rise.
Father branded a 'pikey' during row over Christmas lights will defiantly switch them on tonight. Kevin Franklin, of Dunstable, Bedfordshire, says he will switch his lights on every evening in April for Autism Awareness Month. Mr Franklin's 15-year-old son Bradley is autistic and the family want to use his Christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability.
World's oldest person, Misao Okawa of Japan, dies aged 117. Born on March 5, 1898, the great-grandmother had lived through two World Wars, the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright Brothers. She was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan, as she died of heart failure.
Teenager dies after falling from cliff and plunging into the sea in Northumberland. Joshua Smith, 16, was plucked from the water by the crew of an RAF rescue helicopter and flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. Police today said that his death was not being treated as suspicious, but have referred it to the police watchdog.
Nick Clegg to embark on three days of door knocking in Sheffield Hallam. The Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid Lib Dem constituency. Mr Clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote.
The Price Is Right contestant who gave away $21,960 car for free because of dumb mistake. Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. She admitted that her body moved quicker than her brain.
April Fool's Day pranks: Jeremy Clarkson becomes a green campaigner, Simon Cowell is going to be put on the £5 note and the Leaning Tower of Pisa is becoming a luxury hotel. The Mail also joined in with the trend - our exclusive story about safari park visitors' cars being protected from monkeys with bubble wrap was, sadly, made up. Among the other jokes to sneak into the news today were Tesco's new trampoline aisles, and the claim that the Manchester United team is picked using the power of astrology. But before you get too excited about this string of massive
Teenager who went missing 40 years ago may still be alive, inquest finds. Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in early April 1975 after telling a friend that she had forgotten something and jumped off her school bus. She hasn't been seen since.
Becca and Dale Litchfield give up their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at IVF. Becca, 29, and partner Dale, 30, from Gotham, Nottingham, were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding, or fertility treatment. Desperate for a family, the couple chose to sacrifice their wedding and go ahead with IVF, but were over the moon when weeks later they became winners of the wedding competition.
Oregon releases 94,000 emails of ex-Gov. John Kitzhaber's fiancee. The emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes (pictured) played in his administration as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff.
YouTube is set to offer an ad free, subscription-based service for the first time. The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners.
1414-year-old cheerleader dies after plunging 60 feet during a rappelling trip with her family over Easter weekend. Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday.
Pigwig falls into swimming pool in Hampshire. This is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant pig out of a garden swimming pool. The prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in Ringwood, Hampshire.
Twitter rolls out ‘retweet with comment’ feature. Twitter has officially rolled out its'retweet' feature, which, unsurprisingly lets people annotate the tweets of others. This image shows the new button, 'Quote Tweet,' which triggers the action.
White House stalling for time as Iran nuclear talks stretch into another day. The White House's top spokesman Josh Earnest cautiously discussed the ongoing talks as he fielded more than a dozen pointed questions on the subject. He rejected the notion that the U.S. was giving Iran too much 'leeway' in the talks, telling a reporter, we are 'insisting on a good deal.'
Teacher Ian Guffick asked pupils to make changes to the the national curriculum tests for 11-year-olds, which assess English, maths and science at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewskesbury, Gloucestershire. This was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard.
Southampton win U21 Premier League Cup after extra time. Ten-man Southampton lifted the Premier League U21 Cup, but they needed extra time, and a brilliant winner, to see off a stubborn Blackburn side. Sam Gallagher unleashed a wonder-strike from long-range, after the two-legged tie had ended 1-1 after 180 minutes.
Lesbian honors student who was told she was not allowed to wear tuxedo to senior prom told she may wear it. Claudetteia Love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress. Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country.
Prince Charles hugs 16-month-old boy in Cumbria. Stretching out his arms and looking beseechingly upwards, this is the moment that Noah Ginesi from Penrith reached out for a hug with Prince Charles. The heart-warming moment occurred during a visit to the Rheged Centre in the Cumbrian town, where the Prince of Wales was meeting farmers and charity staff.
Gun licence holders in New South Wales have increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years. Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010, according to figures obtained by News Corp.
Deborah Hutton releases cookbook 'My Love Affair with food'. She's a household name, having hosted several TV shows, edited the Australian Women's Weekly, and launched her own wellness website 'Balance by Deborah Hutton'... and now Deborah Hutton has added another accolade to add to her merit - she's releasing a cook book of favourite recipes that she has compiled over the years. This week Hutton has released 'My My Love Affair with Food' in collaboration with the Australian Women's Weekly, featuring over 40 recipes as well as some
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in Central London. She is accused of running the vice ring with Daniel Williams.
George and Amal Clooney have submitted plans to improve their Berkshire mansion - which include the addition of a 12-seater cinema. While this may seem extravagant, according to industry experts, a cinema room is now an 'expected' luxury in properties worth over £10million.
Parents are using social media to post obscenities, threats, offensive photos, sexually explicit insults and even covert films of teachers A study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents - and that this type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year The survey, by teachers’ union NASUWT, reveals a disturbing picture of how parents are increasingly using Facebook and Twitter to intimidate staff One teacher said they had been sworn at by a parent online over a PE lesson, while a female dance teacher said she had been called a ‘paedophile�
Ed Ed Miliband accused of hypocrisy after Labour town halls and MPs were revealed to be hiring thousands of workers on zero-hours contracts. Speaking in Huddersfield, Mr Miliband said a Labour government would legislate to require employers to offer a contract to anyone who had been working regular hours for 12 weeks.
Boeing has issued a patent for a bizarre 'upright' sleeping support system that could mean economy passengers can sleep on long-haul flights too. Nicknamed the 'cuddle chair,' the somewhat comical idea could revolutionise the plane sleeping experience by eliminating the need for reclining seats at all.
McDonald's simplifies its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize. The company says it expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week, in products including a new sandwich, as well as existing sandwiches, wraps and salads. It says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch.
EasterEaster celebrations in parts of the world can take on a very different appearance. In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback.
James Robarge, 45, of Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old Kelly Robarge. Her badly decomposed body, with her hands and head detached, was found 10 days later in Unity.
Nasa says we could be on the verge of finding life on one of 200 billion planets in our galaxy. There at least 200 billion Earth-like planets in the universe – and now Nasa officials claim we are likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade. 'I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years,' Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for Nasa, said.
Only person convicted of Meredith Kercher murder to seek retrial. Small time drug dealer Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia, Italy. The Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over the bedroom where Miss Kercher was found half-naked.
Smartphone use may be to blame for a drop in the number of times couples are having sex each month, a leading expert has suggested. It comes after Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, revealed in a new book how a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins. For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints.
Pensioners and neighbours have criticised the £750,000 refurbishment of sheltered accommodation which they say has made it look like Legoland. All of the 36 units at the Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an 'eyesore' by local residents.
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. He also said he set up a makeshift mast with a small sail to get the boat headed in a westward direction.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built. While the Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the Thirty Meter Telescope itself, they disagree with the location of the construction on Mauna Kea - the highest point in the state which is considered a home of deities. About 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail.
British banker Rurik Jutting charged with grisly murders of two women appears in Hong Kong court. Former Merrill Lynch Bank of America employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges. Wearing the same black T-shirt and dark-rimmed glasses as in previous hearings, he returned to magistrates' court after being deemed fit to stand trial in November.
Police believe they are on the verge of solving a cold case murder that occurred 35 years ago. Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall, North Carolina - a town so quaint and wholesome that it was the model for the fictional Mayberry in 'The Andy Griffith Show.'
East Village mom and her three kids 'lost everything but their lives' in apartment explosion. Diane McLean says she's been overwhelmed by the generosity of her friends, neighbors and strangers after her four-bedroom rent-stabilized apartment at 45 East Seventh Street went up in flames. Dr McLean, a 58-year-old child psychiatrist in the South Bronx, says she and daughter Rose, 8, and twins James and Annabelle, 5, had nothing more than the clothes on their backs after the disaster.
'Human Ken Doll' Rodrigo Alves to appear on E! reality show Botched. The 31-year-old London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants. After doctors in the UK started turning him away, he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery - even approaching Botched doctors Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif about getting back implants.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, arrested for suntanning on private beach in Playa del Carmen, Mexico. The 26-year-old woman claims she was sitting under a palm tree on the Mamitas Beach when armed police forcibly removed her. The beach is one of the most popular among tourists from Europe and the United States.
Pregnant model Sarah Stage flaunts her incredible figure in sexy lingerie. She's less than a month from her due date, but mom-to-be Sarah Stage barely has a bump to show for it. The lingerie model and animal rights activist has been making waves online recently with her series of body-flaunting photos on Instagram as she documents her first pregnancy – prompting outcry from critics who claim her incredibly trim and toned physique could be harming her unborn child.
Passenger plane trying to land at Texas airport turns back when pilot discovers runway lights have been switched off. American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane left nearly a half-hour late, and when it got there, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on.
Jordan Sim-Mutch, from Stockport, Greater Manchester, was jailed yesterday after admitting to a string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court. The career criminal, who claimed he worked in'midnight removals' in his online profile, was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries.
$440,000 raised for Indiana pizzeria that said it would refuse to serve gay marriage ceremonies. Kevin O'Connor, who owns Memories Pizza in the small town of Walkerton, told reporters he has temporarily shut the restaurant's doors after he received abusive phone calls and was trolled online. A contributor from Glenn Beck's The Blaze set up a fundraising page on GoFundMe for the pizzeria.
Big Brother winner Pete Bennett reveals he squandered £100,000 on ketamine. Fame and fortune from reality TV can certainly change your life - but not necessarily for the better, as Pete Bennett revealed on the Jeremy Kyle show today. But the troubled star is now homeless, spending each night sofa surfing.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. However, the very next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, from the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram.
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents were killed in a house fire on Monday - the day her mother's boyfriend was set to go on trial for raping her. Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her daughter.
Farmer Charlotte Cobbald, 17, took the deadly medicine, which her father Stephen was keeping illegally, and injected it after saying she felt like a 'failure'. She then ran away from her father, saying 'let me die', before she collapsed in a field and her family called 999, an inquest heard.
Labour's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night. Party chiefs had scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts, which he has pledged to ban.
London Book Fair Author HQ event is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors. A range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights to provide new writers with information about the best ways to get their work published. Among others, there will be representatives on hand from Little, Brown, HarperCollins, Headline, Quercus, The Creative Penn, The Alliance of Independent Authors and The Society of Authors.
Nick Cannon signs deal to write tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey. Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a book deal with major publishing company Simon and Schuster. Mariah rejected his numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book — saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another.
Rosetta spacecraft survives hair-raising encounter with comet 67P. The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe, which was carrying Philae, launched into space in 2004 and entered orbit around 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko in August 2014. On Saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface. But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas.
Three Florida prison officers who belong to the Ku Klux Klan have been charged with plotting to kill a black inmate after his release, officials said on Thursday. Klans men Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in Gainesville, rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate.
Rats can recognise pain the faces of their fellow rodents. The study suggests that as well as expressing their emotional state, the pained faces of rats may have a 'communicative function'.
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured late last year by photographer Osman Sagirli in Atmeh refugee camp, just 10km from the border with Turkey. She, her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the Syrian camp since her father was killed in the 2012 Hama massacre. But two weeks ago, the family took a fateful decision to move south, towards the city of Idlib.
Prison guard Rachel Chepulis, 26, and felon Wesley E. Brown III captured after 19 days and 1,700 miles on the run. 35-year-old Brown, who is married with children, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm - and is thought to have seduced single Chepulais while behind bars. The pair will be arraigned in Oregon, likely Thursday, and then held without bond.
One in five workers confessed to messing something up due to zoning out in a meeting, with more than a quarter saying they had made more than ten massive mistakes. Of the 2000 surveyed by headset manufacturer Sennheiser Communications, 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings, with the average worker switching off completely after 20 minutes. The average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, a survey has found. And with 60 per cent saying they find most meetings 'pretty pointless', it's not surprising that one in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting.
Adult colouring-in books are outselling cook books in the UK. A busy mum sits at a table surrounded by crayons, colouring in a child's book, taking care to stay within the printed lines and fully concentrating on the task. There's nothing unusual about that, you might think, except there's not a child in sight.
Apple is rewarding his staff by offering them a 50% discount on the device. Any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible.
Kansas man sentenced for beheading another man with guitar string. James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety.
Nicolas Sarkozy grilled by judges in criminal court two days after being heralded as the politician to save France from Socialism. The 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country. Not only was he roundly beaten by Francois Hollande, his detested Socialist rival, but he is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for overspending.
David Suchet battles for better treatment for his grandson Todd with rare genetic disease. As he cuddles his beautiful baby grandson, David Suchet looks every inch the proud grandfather. But behind the smiles, he is battling hard to help the little boy face the future with an incurable genetic disease. Suchet, best known as the star of TV series Poirot, is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases and has criticised 'disorganisation' in the NHS for slowing down the process.
Don McLean's American Pie manuscript sold at auction for $1.2m. Singer-songwriter Don McLean 's original manuscript and notes to 'American Pie' have been sold at Christie's auction house in New York, where the manuscript was auctioned, for a record-breaking $1. 'I don't know whether you consider that wrong or right but it is a morality song in a sense': McLean says American Pie is about 'heading in the wrong direction' McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie
Hillary Clinton told aides they would be fired if she was seen. Hillary Clinton imposed a blanket of secrecy on her movements at the height of the Monica Lewinsky scandal, it is claimed. The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower, a former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News in 'The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House.'.
Archaeologists uncover complete skeleton of 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second Ottoman-Habsburg war. Archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton (pictured) of an 'alien' 17th century camel that may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683. They believe the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central Europe - was left there for trading. The cross-breed camel had been most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the Ottoman army during the Siege of Vienna.
Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights. She has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.
Polish father wanders into London Embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter. The man, who was found without identification, taken to hospital after he arrived at the Polish Consulate in central London yesterday afternoon. Currently, the only clue to his identity is a distinctive tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm. He is being cared for at London's St Thomas' Hospital.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds, setting a new record for the year at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre. A video of their sexual antics means that'stud' Lu Lu is now the talk of China, says The People's Daily. The pair were pitted against another couple of pandas, Yi Bao and Jin Xin, who only managed one minute and 20 seconds of love-making.
Texting and driving may be preventing deadly car accidents in the United States, says a new study. Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans when compared to states with no restrictions.
Victoria Prosser, 33, stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces. The mother told reporters afterwards that she challenged Mr Cameron because she wanted people to question 'the 1 per cent at the top' who she claimed were not working in the country's interests.
Karen Wakefield and her husband Paul Dawson were one of a number of families who featured on the six-part BBC documentary, which aimed to show what life was like in Harpurhey in Manchester. It was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light.
Baby girl born without any eyes. Mother-of-three Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a routine scan showed her baby had a cyst on the brain. But when Daisy was born, Ms Davis and her partner Andrew Smith, 31, were told she had the rare disorder Anophthalmia, meaning she had no eyes. The condition is incurable, and so while Daisy can be fitted with glass eyes as she gets older, she will never be able to see.
Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders. The U.S. investigators looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI), the most commonly prescribed type of anti-depressant. SSRIs are usually the first choice medication for depression and other psychiatric conditions because they generally have fewer side effects than most other types of antidepressant. But the researchers found 38 per cent of those taking the drugs did not meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either.
Rev. Robert H. Schuller, who beamed his upbeat messages on faith and redemption to millions from his landmark Crystal Cathedral only to see his empire crumble in his waning years, has died. He was 88. Rev.
A towering woman named Zana who lived in 19th Century Russia - and appeared to be 'half human, half ape' - could have been the fabled yeti. Hundreds of explorers, theorists and fantasists have spent their lives searching for the infamous 'big-foot'. But a leading geneticist believes he has found evidence to prove that it - or rather she - could be more than a myth. Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman - and her descendants - lived in the remote Caucasus for many generations.
April Fools' Day hoaxes from around the web. It's the one day of the year you really shouldn't believe everything you read in the paper. News reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with ever more cunning hoaxes.
Kate Winslet is to face a battle with Natural England over plans to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her £3.25 million beachside home from flooding and erosion. The multi BAFTA-winning actress, 39, wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast.
Boy tries to coax brown bear out of water at zoo. Wandering over to the protective glass, the youngster named Gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear, which sits partially submerged in the water in a North American zoo. A young boy enjoyed a rare opportunity to interact with a brown bear when he was befriended by one at a zoo.
Four-poster bed dumped in car park and sold for £2,200 has been confirmed as once belonging to King Henry VII. The intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green, Chester, by builders who were renovating the property. Oblivious to its true value and historical significance, the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers.
Amy Johnson, 38, allegedly assaulted McDonald's worker over fries. A disgruntled McDonald's customer has revealed why she allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old worker at the fast food chain over her order of fries. Amy Johnson said outside court on Thursday: 'We checked our food and all the chips were not even in the cups.'.
Justus Howell, 17, shot dead by police in Zion, Illinois, had just stolen a handgun. Justus Howell was gunned down from behind by an officer in Zion on Saturday afternoon after officers were called to reports of an argument. The chief of the Zion Police Department has now said that the argument was in fact a scuffle over a handgun - during which the firearm went off and Howell allegedly pointed it at another teenager.
Smokey Da Lamb: New York restaurant owner adopts lamb from farm. Winter weary New Yorkers have been given a timely reminder that Spring has finally sprung. Smokey has been turning heads in some of the city's coolest neighborhoods ever since restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24.
The Queen inspects a 200-year-old book of poetry presented to George III. The collection, which was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years, has been digitised and the Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch. Declaring herself'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before, Her Majesty admired the poems.
How to get a better night's sleep. A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room.
Insurance giant Admiral said many youngsters addicted to their mobile phones lose out at the very beginning of looking for work - because they failed to string a normal sentence together. Forms saying: 'U r a gr8 company 2 work 4' and 'Btw am out of work atm' are examples hitting their job chances. An Admiral spokesperson said: 'We do not ask for any formal qualifications, but we expect the spelling and grammar on the application form to be of a certain standard.'
Texas couple tried to resurrect their two-year-old child at home church before taking the body across the border to Mexico for burial. Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two year old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' performed. The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22.
IKEA to launch vegetarian meatballs to save the planet. The dish loved by millions of British customers is to get a meat-free makeover that it is claimed will cut carbon emissions by half. Ikea is as famous for its meatballs as its cheap self-assembly furniture and UK customers often spend entire days inside its large warehouses eating and shopping. The company now sells one billion of its regular meatballs every year.
Natalie Whitear, 35, from Fareham, Hampshire, struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd - and walks past lifelong friends in the street. The mother-of-two suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness, which means she is able to recognise objects, but not faces.
Indonesian stowaway survives freezing flight to Jakarta. Mario Ambarita, 21, took chances with his life when he clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight which took off from the main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta. The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was 'looking for work'.
Sixteen and seventeen year olds should not be allowed to vote in a referendum on Britain’s membership of the European Union because they have been brainwashed with pro-EU colouring-in books, Ukip has said. The party said schoolchildren were being exposed to 'propaganda' from Brussels in a bid to ‘catch them young’.
Comedian Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans. The comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at Warrington's Parr Hall the popstar - who claimed the planned levy on homes worth more than £2 million would hit 'little grannies' - had made her money'showering in a bikini'.
Puppy snoozes on baby's pacifier. Many animals mimic human traits and vice versa but this puppy takes the biscuit. Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby’s pacifier. Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep.
Romanian television presenter forced to pay compensation to her plastic surgeon after making a joke on-air that he was a tax dodger. Simona Trasca, 34, known as 'Romania's Pamela Anderson', said in an interview on national television that her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it.
A row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge has finally come to and end after 35 years. Despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size, the council has ruled they can stay. It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander’s family. The battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour's massive hedge.
RingRingling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018. Once the animals are done in the ring, they'll be taken to the Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida.
Salesforce.com has announced the company is now attempting to transfer any Indiana employee who is 'uncomfortable' with the polarizing new Religious Freedom Restoration Act out of the state. The law, brought in by Indiana Governor Mike Pence, was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state, amid fears that it would allow legalized discrimination against lesbians and gays.
Three people were killed and eight were injured when a van carrying members of two heavy metal bands careened 300 feet off an interstate and down an embankment in northeast Georgia on Monday. The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am Monday, the Georgia State Patrol said.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex is one of the icons of the Cold War - a self-contained and sufficient town buried under the Rockies meant to be impervious to a Soviet nuclear barrage. It was home to the North American Aerospace Command (NORAD), scanning the skies for Russian missiles and the military command and control center of the United States in the event of World War Three. The high tech base entered popular culture with appearances in the 1983 Cold War thriller War Games and 1994's Stargate - which imagined the complex as a clandestine home for intergalactic travel. It shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from
Hammerhead shark chases swimmers off Florida beach. A giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing after its next meal while two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away. 'Get out the water!'
As Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony. 'They were basically throwing missiles at us,' Asma told Daily Mail Australia.
Mother of one left in a wheelchair after catching a serious infection from using her best friend's make up brush. Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine. She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria.
Man legally changes his name to Gatewood Galbraith to run for Kentucky governor. The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, told the Lexington Herald-Leader he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Gatewood's grave.' His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
Ancient European populations were dark skinned for far longer than had originally been thought. Rather than lightening as early humans migrated north from Africa around 40,000 years ago due to lower levels of sunlight, these first Homo sapiens retained their dark skin colour. It was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared. The researchers found five genes associated with changes in diet, body size and skin pigmentation underwent natural selection.
Nine Britons – four of them children – were seized by Turkish security forces last night as they tried to slip across the border to an Islamic State stronghold in Syria. The jihadists were caught as they made the final leg of their journey.
Mystic Pizza owner John Zelepos pleads guilty to tax evasion. The owner of the Mystic Pizza restaurant made famous in a 1988 movie has pleaded guilty to federal tax charges. The restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine.
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country. The 40 centimetre-long Philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by Melbourne Zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight.
Storms batter St Louis, Indiana and Indiana. Lightning, floods and a deluge of hailstones descended on St Louis as powerful storms pummeled the mid-United States. Roads around the Missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour, with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour.
Jenna Bush Hager reveals she is pregnant with her second child. The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month, and the youngster was on-hand to help her mother announce the family's exciting news. She's pregnant!
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the Election. Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood last night ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows Nicola Sturgeon would prefer a Tory General Election victory. The investigation came after Ms Sturgeon claimed she was the victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks'.
Camoji lets you record a GIF with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on Messenger, where GIFs animate inline in the conversation. The GIFs are created in the Camoji app. Once downloaded, users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long. They can then add filters and other effects - similar to Instagram.
Japan's 'lonely death' squads, who specialise is clearing out the properties of elderly people who die alone and go unnoticed by their families for weeks or months. Taken in the capital Tokyo, the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days.
Indiana pizza shop owners who refused to cater gay wedding go into hiding after raising $500,000. Memories Pizza in Walkerton faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law. Despite 'keeping a low profile' Crystal O’Connor and her father Kevin O‘Connor went on Fox News on Thursday to discuss their comments and and the backlash they’ve received.
Women regret their career choices more than men. With every new milestone, many may find themselves nostalgically looking back upon their life and career choices. As expected, not everyone will feel satisfied with the decisions they've made.
The scream factor of rides at a Cornwall fun park is being measured over the Easter holiday period to see if the noise will impact the residents of a new 480-home development nearby. A reading on the 'fright' decibels of the rollercoaster at Flambards theme park in Helston will be recorded as a row develops over a new housing estate that could bring in 1,000 new residents. Ian Cunningham, who has recently taken ownership of the tourist attraction, said he was 'amazed' to discover no-one had realised the homes will be built right alongside his rollercoasters.
Gabby Giffords walks with a cane through LA airport four years after shooting. The inspirational Ms Giffiffords, 44, walked through the airport in California using a cane, hard-won steps that show her continued progress four years since she survived an attempted assassination in Tucson, Arizona. The former U.S. representative, who is now an advocate for gun control, was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly.
Nasa could afford to send US astronauts to Mars orbit by 2033 and onto the Red Planet's surface by 2039, a new report has claimed. The Planetary Society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033.
University of Sydney shuts down 'unfair' shortcut for school students. State Education Minister Adrian Piccoli has called the Scot's College university shortcut 'fair and equitable,' after it was released that school students could buy their way into university without completing their HSC. 'Unfair': State education minister calls Scots College shortcut unfair and says he will discuss it with the federal government 'Any scheme that gives some students an unfair advantage is unacceptable and I will be discussing this with the Federal Government' 'Access to university should be fair and equitable': The University's commercial arm, Sydney Learning, has run the pilot program with Scot's
David Bowie returns to The Man Who Fell To Earth. The British musician long known for his experimentalism has written new songs and arranged older music for the production.
Mafia 'Godfather' Domenico Rancadore will be allowed to remain in UK after his sentence is dropped. The 65-year-old was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra. In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition.
Man who won $500 on scratch-off lottery ticket fatally shoots girlfriend and then himself. Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton after she asked for half of the proceeds. But Hampton was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died.
Mother of missing 15-year-old autistic girl makes desperate plea for help. Teenager Kimberly Greenberg became angry and left her Santa Monica home to calm down about 8.30pm on March 24, but never returned. Her mother Janice Greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help as the teenager has gone missing without her cellphone or medication.
St John's College and retired architect Anthony Bethell embroiled in £150,000 hedge row. In a court case likely to cost £150k, St John’s College and a 74-year-old businessman have been locked in a battle over an unkempt hedgerow between their properties in Warwickshire. The bizarre dispute began when Mr Bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge, which marks the boundary between his home and the college's land.
Top tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours. There's always that one friend who with the swirl of a wine glass will leave you in awe of their sophisticated wine skills. Yet unless you grew up on a vineyard or had a wise wino whisper the secrets of their connoisseuring ways, it's likely you don't know the distinct differences.
Brad Fraser performs musical toast at bride's wedding. Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage. The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years previously.
Gareth Silk's stag do in Benidorm, Spain. When Gareth Silk let his five friends plan a stag do, he might have imagined it would involve pranks, costumes and drinking - but denim hotpants and heels were far from his thoughts. The group of six - which included the groom-to-be Gareth Silk and his stags - descended on the promenade of the Spanish resort on March 29.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in as many days, visiting 35 countries and 70 cities, as part of their project 365 Docobites. With only seven months to organise everything, Epiphany, 23, left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream.
Yoko Ono pays tribute to John Lennon's first wife Cynthia. The second wife of the Beatles singer said she was'very saddened' by the news, adding that she and Cynthia had'stood firm in the Beatles family'. Cynthia, who married Lennon after meeting him in college, died yesterday at her home in Spain.
Alabama death row inmate Anthony Ray Hinton to go free after prosecutors say they won't re-try him for 1985 murders. An Alabama inmate who spent nearly 30 years on death row will go free on Friday after prosecutors told a court there is not enough evidence to link him to the 1985 murders he was convicted of committing. Jefferson County Circuit Judge Laura Petro on Thursday dismissed the case against Hinton.
Bluey the cat who makes noises as loud as a Tube train. 12-year-old Bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow, and has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder. Despite her fearsome sound, Bluey is said to be gentle and loving, and is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner.
President Barack Obama declared the threat of cyber attacks by foreign agents a 'national emergency' as he unveiled plans to impose sanctions on hackers in the wake of an epidemic of attacks against American networks. Obama took aim at Russia, China and Iran as he revealed an executive order which will allow the U.S. Treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' American computer networks.
ISIS ISIS has announced that all nurses working in areas under their control must speak English - something the NHS still hasn't introduced. Revealing plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa, the extremists also disclosed the tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers.
China's £3.7m 'Skywalk' observation deck opens to the public. The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level. Its incredible viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area.
Noreen Spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal. But 18 months later, shortly before her 70th birthday, the mother-of-three from Derbyshire developed intermittent pain in her left side, just below her breast. Breast cancer screening was introduced in 1988, with women aged 50 to 64 invited for a mammogram every three years.
Laura Mary Sumner, 24, was given ten days to leave the country after being fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation. But Russian media reports have branded her ‘Agent Sumner’ and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot.
Detlef Guenzel, 57, chopped Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music before burying them in the garden of his home in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau in 2013. The 57-year-old former police officer went on trial in August over the killing of the business consultant, whose body he had cut into pieces and buried them in his garden. He was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead.
'PIGS': Chelsea Clinton allegedly referred to Secret Service with an offensive counter-culture epithet, and said she learned it from her parents. As a young girl, Chelsea Clinton learned to keep secrets. But she also learned to call the Secret Service 'pigs.'.
Messy homes can understandably be a huge source of embarrassment for home owners. But it's fair to say that everyone can admit to getting lazy with the cleaning every now and again.
Malia Obama's asthma scare: Obama recalls his own childhood asthma scare. President Barack Obama this morning put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter Malia. While making the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air that can lead to greater and more serious incidents of asthma, the president recalled his own child's run-in with the disease as a toddler.
E.ON ordered to pay £7.75m to Citizens Advice after it ripped off customers who were switching to rivals. Power giant E.on has been forced to pay a £7million penalty after the regulator found the energy giant had overcharged customers after price rises. It has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers who paid by cash or cheque.
Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum: Pope Francis uses the service to stress persecution of Christians. The pope has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere. Reflecting this concern, among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the Way of the Cross procession were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China.
More people in Britain back fracking than are opposed to it, a Greenpeace survey has found. The anti-fracking environmental campaign group was accused of trying to bury the inconvenient survey result.
The 12-tonne double decker bus broke down on its way to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent - and the unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand. Around seven proactive members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two fully-grown African elephants. The group managed to succesfully roll the huge bus through the streets and on to the local depot.
Zayn Malik's relationship with Perrie Edwards comes under scrutiny as he is accused of cheating on his fiance. Zayn and Perrie pictured in happier times, the young couple have this week jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday following accusations of him cheating. But Perrie, who accepted Zayn's marriage proposal earlier this year, has yet to comment on the latest allegations.
Girl, 16, finds 6ft-long albino northern pine snake curled up on top of radiator in her bathroom. Hannah Brierley thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long snake on a bath mat which was hung up to dry at her home in Rochdale, Manchester. She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs.
Arizona City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the Granite Mountain Hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned. The attorney for an Arizona city where 19 firefighters died while battling a massive woodland blaze says he was told it was an order from the group's supervisor led to their deaths in June 2013. The Yarnell Hill Fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933.
Gold mining company pays six-figure compensation to 11 women who were raped by police patrolling Papua New Guinea mine. The US-based Barrick Gold, which boasts that it is the world’s leading gold mining company, reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US. One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010.
Tracey Cox reveals the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart. John Mayer, Russell Brand - there are certain types of men women know are bad bets but fall for anyway and even bright women like Katy Perry and Jennifer Aniston aren't immune. But while no one's perfect and some troubled souls are worth saving, others are just trouble. All of the behavioural traits below are danger signs.
Ghost ships are the last remnants of what was once the United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet, set to protect and serve in the hour of need. The NDRF was set up after the Second World War in 1945, in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies.
Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy'. A puppy tends to be a beloved addition to any family, but for a family supporting a child with autism an Assistance Dog can make a crucial difference to their happiness and stability. April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and people may be oblivious that pups changing the lives of many children with autism.
Stray dog survives being run over, beaten with a hammer and buried. The stray dog was hit by a car, clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in Washington state. Days later, the one-year-old bully breed mix showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm.
Apple patents facial recognition technology for unlocking phones. Apple offers a range of ways to unlock its devices from PINs to passwords and fingerprints. But you could soon use a selfie to gain access to your apps and messages thanks to Apple's latest patent. Called 'Locking and unlocking a mobile device using facial recognition', the patent explains that current methods of unlocking a device are 'inconvenient and time consuming'.
Mother who crashed car into lake near Melbourne is released from custody after being interviewed by police. Akon Guode, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday. The children's Sudanese mother, Akon Manaang, moved from South Sudan to Australia in 2008 as a refugee to escape the war there.
Eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements, study finds. Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten. Performance remained the same after resting for several hours, while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food.
Beanie believed to belong to missing 11-year-old boy found in Lake Eildon National Park. A beanie is believed to have belonged to Luke Shambrook, who went missing on Good Friday and has not been seen since. Victoria Police have confirmed it was located on Monday afternoon, west of the Devil’s Cove and Candlebark campsite in the north-east of Melbourne. They are unsure when the beanie was dropped.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection. Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery.
Beech-Nut recalls 1,920 pounds of baby food jars after small piece of glass found in jar. A small piece was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1, 920 pounds of the product. The United States Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) revealed the recall on Tuesday. The company said 'The company has received a report of an oral injury associated with consumption of these products.'
New Great Wall of China discovered in northwestern China. Archaeologists have discovered a previously unknown stretch of the Great Wall in the northwestern of the country, thought to date back more than 2,000 years. Experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch (10 kilometres) means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time. Nine sections of the Wall have been found along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region.
Louisiana cop accused of stealing patrol boat and crashing it into bar. Danny Eckhart was intoxicated, his former co-workers in St. Tammany Parish say, when he took the vessel out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville. No one was injured in the crash.
Luke Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction, also contested the five year-maximum sentence he received Luke Lazarus, 23, was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney in May 2013 Luke, who is the son of a well known nightclub owner who bragged about taking a girl's virginity, is appealing his rape conviction Luke, a 23-year old former private school boy, was sentenced to three years in jail for raping
Ed Miliband snubs self-employed workers by refusing to send them a special election message. Ed Miliband was last night accused of snubbing Britain’s army of self employed workers – for refusing to write a special Election message in the IPSE magazine. The Labour leader prompted claims that he was worried about upsetting his party's ‘union paymasters’.
Huddersfield 'dream home' owners claim they are'more like hell' after suffering months of problems including flooding, 2ft holes and damp. The family homes in the Lindley area have four or five bedrooms and cost in the region of £250,000 - in an area where the average property value is just over £150,000. 'We are aware of the frustrations experienced by some of our valued purchasers and would like to take this opportunity to reassure them that we are committed to rectifying their issues.'
Mike Holpin, 56, who fathered 40 children by 20 different women, still has an active online dating profile. Despite being set to marry, the alcoholic benefits claimant still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be. Despite not being able to recognise all of his children in the street, Holpin is in no rush to stop reproducing.
Children who eat fatty food for five days have slower reaction times and worse working memory. Children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete, the researchers said. Their performance was then compared with a food diary that the children had completed with the help of their parents.
Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, Police Department, reportedly said 'tickle tickle' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the feet of Ramiro James Villegas, a 22-year-old whom officers killed the same day. A trainee police officer who was with him at the time told how Stringer then pulled on the corpse's toes, and pulled his head back and forth while discussing rigor mortis after the shooting.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull, but fell and hit his head. The 25-year-old, who worked at a school for disabled children, fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall.
BAE System's Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy. To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, experts must build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon. It takes light from the Sun eight minutes to reach Earth and the firm said the Typhoon can travel from London to Paris in the same time. And it can fly from Lands End to John ‘O Groats - a total of 603 miles (970km) - in under 30 mins.
Mother-of-three's boob job saved her life after she discovered she had breast cancer. Leza Davies, from Telford, Shropshire, believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence. The 33-year-old saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look.
Cheryl’s birthday: How to solve maths question set for 14-year-olds. The problem, which tests logical reasoning, has been shared thousands of times online as people have tried to pose their best explanations of what at first appears to be an impossible question. It was set as a maths problem, aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of 14 year-olds in Singapore.
Long Island mother and daughter who went missing last month have been found safe and well in New York City's Upper West Side neighborhood. Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on Sunday. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health, officials said.
Sheldon Silver's son-in-law Marcello Trebitsch charged with running $7m Ponzi scheme. The son in law of disgraced New York politician Sheldon Silver was indicted Monday on two charges unrelated to the separate investigation into his famous power-broker relative. Just three months after Silver himself was arrested on corruption charges, his son in-law was accused of running a $7million PonzI scheme.
Chinese engineering graduate Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother. He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements.
Sainsbury's app lets you scan items in your home as you run out. The app lets homeowners gradually build up a list of items they need over the course of a week or fortnight, for example. And when that shopper enters a local store, a map will appear on the phone showing the customer where their groceries are to save them time trawling the aisles.
Jeremy Clarkson's estranged wife Frances enjoys holiday to Barbados. The 53-year-old spent the Easter weekend with friends and family on the Caribbean island where she sunbathed and drove a jet ski. She has previously holidayed in the area with the broadcaster but the pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years.
'Britain's vainest man' who had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex is egged on Easter Monday. Sam Barton, who has spent £55k on cosmetic surgery, believes the culprits tracked him down using his Facebook posts and then attacked him in the street. The 22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit even though she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner, who was also working. She was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed over two years when she appeared at South and East Cheshire Magistrates Court last week. She also made a claim for income support to help her and her daughter as she had no other income.
Wallaby punches wombat who invaded his personal space while he was grazing in a Victorian National Park. Shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the Wilsons Promontory National Park, in the Gippsland region in southeast Victoria, as the wombat waddled over to the unsuspecting wallaby. In a performance you would expect from a boxing kangaroo, the wallaby turned around and gave a little crack on the nose after it seemingly got a little too close for comfort.
Two black candidates were among three people elected to the Ferguson City Council Tuesday, tripling African-American representation in the St. Louis suburb where poor race relations have been a focal point since the August shooting death of an 18-year-old black by a white police officer. The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson, a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black.
Ruth Davison lives in £1million house. The leading critic of Conservative Party plans to give housing association tenants a right to buy herself lives in a £1m house. As director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation she has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes.
Hillary Clinton's detractors are far more passionate than her fans in New Hampshire. If Dartmouth College students have the same inflated influence on presidential politics that they've traditionally enjoyed, Hillary Clinton has some long days ahead in the Granite State. Of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive.
Lost iPhone reunited with owner after police post bizarre photos on Facebook page to track her down. A lost iPhone was reunited with its owner on Sunday after police posted a series of bizarre photos of the phone on the woman's Facebook page in a bid to track it down. Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and puns on the Facebook page on Bella Crooke's page Police even took to replying to text messages sent by friends asking if she had her phone back The phone, which belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne, was handed in to Albury Police Station on the
Canowindra pays tribute to murdered teacher Stephanie Scott. More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up and met her fiance Aaron Leeson Woolley. Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday just days before her wedding.
Baby lullabies: Audrey Hepburn's Moon River tops the chart for British parents. In a survey conducted by BT, a third of parents polled said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep, while ten per cent opt for pop tunes. Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second on the top ten, followed by Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby.
Sophie Falkiner, Australian TV presenter, model and mother of two, can testify to that. Between getting children dresses, breakfast on the table, lunches packed and the school run, mornings can be one of the least relaxing times of day.
Tiny babies are more sensitive to pain than adults, according to a study of infants’ brains. Until now doctors have assumed that the brains of very young babies are not developed enough to feel pain.
Injaz, whose name means 'achievement' in Arabic, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother. She was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally. The world’s first cloned camel is pregnant, scientists claim. The mother-to-be is pictured here when she was just six days old.
Lazy dog is repeatedly hit by electronic dog door. Sometimes a shrill alarm tone isn't enough to get you out of bed. And for one lazy dog, even a constant head-pounding couldn't rouse her from sleep. Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit.
Boris Johnson’s £175m ‘garden bridge’ could scupper plans for new green space spanning the Thames. Increasing opposition to a £175 million 'Garden bridge' championed by Boris Johnson is threatening to scupper the mayor's plans for a new Green Space Bridge. Boris Johnson and George Osborne have promised £30 million each for the scheme which critics have called a vanity project. They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds.
Mexico's'my kings' are showing off their wealth on social media. Every country in the world may have its rich kids of Instagram, but in Mexico the increasingly ostentatious displays of wealth by the young elite is taking on a political dimension. In a country where a significant majority of citizens live in poverty, the self-styled Mirreyes (my kings), with their champagne and sports cars, are increasingly exposing the amount of wealth concentrated into a relatively small number of hands.
Man left brain damaged as a baby wins £7.3m compensation. A 25-year-old man was left brain damage as baby after doctors at the Luton and Dunstable Hospital failed to administer a vitamin K injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding. He now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life.
Divorce Court: Wu-Tang Clan member accused of sleeping with every member of the group. Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with the members of the rap group during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show. That would mean Palmquist had sex with the RZA, the GZA, Masta Killa, U-God, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon, Cappadonna and Method Man.
Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace, less than two miles from the Lindo Wing at St Mary's where Prince George was born in 2013. But it is understood that the Royal Berkshire in Reading and Queen Elizabeth Hospital in King’s Lynn, Norfolk, have been told to prepare in case she goes into labour nearby.
Photographer Dustin Wong, 31, has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia, capturing moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world. He started taking photographs 15 years ago before taking it up full time last year.
Killer cop Michael Slager's fundraising campaign shut down by crowd-funding site. A financial fund for killer cop Slager, 33, was shut down due to a violation of GoFundMe's terms & conditions. Slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father Walter Scott, 50, who was fatally shot five times in the back in North Charleston, South Carolina on Saturday. The site told Daily Mail Online that 'after review by our team, the campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed' but refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns.
Robert Durst pleads not guilty to weapons charges in Louisiana. Millionaire real estate heir, 71, pleaded not guilty Thursday to two weapons charges related to his arrest last month, further delaying his extradition to California to face murder charges. Durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a New Orleans court on weapons charges.
The mystery of what appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock has perplexed scientists. Russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old, leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation, or even the work of aliens. However, experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer – that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature.
Afghan soldier kills US soldier in Jalalabad shooting. An American soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad in which at least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them. The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a US Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor. All US troops were accounted for and returned safely to their mission, the embassy said.
Fake fundraising page set up for Sydney woman who stood up for Muslim couple abused on train. A bizarre fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for Stacey Eden, a 23-year-old Sydney resident whose furious stand against racism has spread around the world. Ms Eden stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing Brisbane couple Hafeez and Khalida Bhatti on the Airport Line train.
Rita Wilson reveals she has breast cancer. Tom Hanks' wife Rita Wilson has revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery. The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday.
Richard Attenborough's possessions to be auctioned at Bonhams. They are mementoes of a brilliant career in movies, stretching from the tunnels of The Great Escape to the dinosaurs of Jurassic Park and Gandhi’s vast crowd scenes. The actor-director's treasured possessions are going up for up sale at auction house.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, arrested after plotting suicide bomb attack on Fort Riley in Kansas. The 20-year-old, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power'. Booker was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested around 9am. He was then interviewed by agency officials and admitted he had enlisted with the army months earlier.
Final Discworld novel written by Sir Terry Pratchett to be released in September. The book will be called The Shepherd's Crown and will feature Tiffany Aching, a witch-in-training who has featured in four of Sir Terry's books to date, first appearing in The Wee Free Men in 2003. The novel, which is based in the fictional realm of Discworld - a flat disc balanced on the back of four elephants and a giant turtle roaming through space - will go on sale in September. Tom Weldon, from publishers Penguin Random House, said: 'It is a huge privilege to be publishing Sir Terry
Plane Seat Designed for Obese Passengers Wins Crystal Cabin Design Award. A plane seat specifically targeted at making plane travel more comfortable for obese passengers and small children has won a prize for its innovation vision this week. The adapted chair by SII Deutschland, beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the Passenger Comfort Hardware award at The Crystal Cabin Awards in Hamburg, Germany. Sitting at one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat, the SANTO seat aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety.
Utah prison inmate dies after dialysis provider fails to show up for two days in a row. Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died Sunday at the prison in Draper, Utah Department of Corrections spokeswoman Brooke Adams said in a statement Tuesday afternoon. The Utah State Medical Examiner's office will conduct an autopsy on his body and determine his cause of death.
Hillary Clinton's motorcade leads journalists on high-speed chases to New Hampshire homes of influential Democrats. Democratic Presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high- speed chases around New Hampshire on Monday. Her lone official appearance on her first day in New Hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in Keene. But a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off the books and under the public's radar.
8-year-old boy dies after car plunges into LA harbor. An eight-year old boy has died a day after his family's car hurtled off the road and into a Los Angeles harbor. His 13 year-old brother, identified as Abdelkrim Elmezayen, was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on Thursday. Their parents are in a stable condition in the hospital.
Janet Street-Porter: How has Nicola Sturgeon become Teflon Woman?. Last weekend, after a sunny day in the Borders, I posted this picture of myself on Twitter with the caption ‘Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’. I admit, it wasn't a particularly funny joke, but I had no idea of the outrage my light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of Scotland's First Minister and the leader of the SNP.
Horse riding event for cancer charity uses car as jump. Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a black Peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in Greencastle, County Tyrone.
Four care home assistants jailed for 'fugly' behaviour. The women, who worked at the dementia unit of the Bupa-run facility, in Bretton, Cambridgeshire, told one woman she was going to be killed. Another confused patient was told she was living in a brothel and should expect male visitors.
Autistic boy Luke Shambrook, 11, found alive after five days missing in the bush. Exhausted, scared and undoubtedly hungry, eleven-year-old Luke was sitting alone on a hillside at the moment rescuers in an increasingly desperate search finally reached him. As a police helicopter hovered overhead guiding searchers to the spot and capturing dramatic video, Luke, who suffers autism, peered out from behind trees in the Fraser National Park north-east of Melbourne. The amazing video shows the moment a uniformed police officer reaches the boy first and appears to take his hand to reassure him he was
Four men moved out of intensive care after suspected ecstasy overdose on Sydney Harbour. The men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year old - collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near the Opera House. They were rushed to St Vincent's Hospital.
The dove grey suit made by a Viennese tailor that was once worn by ruthless Nazi commander Hermann Goering. It was originally believed to be a replica, but the careful examination of the sweat blemishes and fraying on the buttons and buckles led experts to believe it had been worn. Goering, who founded the Gestapo and was commander of the German air force, was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer. John Cabello, owner of Devon-Parade Antiques, where the uniform is being sold, said the wear
Tate Britain's leading art gallery has uncovered new evidence in its attempt to keep a £1million Constable masterpiece that was looted by the Nazis from its Jewish owner during the Second World War. Tate Britain chiefs believe the chance discovery of an export permit will bolster their claim that the 1824 oil painting – Beaching A Boat, Brighton – was legitimately brought to Britain.
White tiger cub falls into pool of water at Tokyo zoo. Feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in Japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool and had to get his brothers to come to the rescue. Born on January 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo. The cubs, who had only been trying out their glass cage, will be permanently based there from April 22 onwards.
Danish and Scottish Instagrammers travel to the Isle of Skye in search of the perfect photograph. They each have a dominant Instagram following and are renown for capturing incredible landscape pictures, but what happens when you send eight of the best photographers on a road trip to the Isle of Skye?. The intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days, and post their findings with the hashtag #MovingSkyewards.
Comfortably Numb is a new, single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds. It is a common fear, known as trypanophobia. For around 20 per cent of the population, the thought of going to the doctors for an injection invokes a deep-rooted sense of dread. Many avoid the doctor's surgery altogether, leaving themselves open to the risk of various illnesses.
Asbestos discovered in NYC's Gracie Mansion roof. Asbestos has been discovered in the roof at New York City's mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials from the building will begin this month. The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation.
Miss Army: 123 of Kazakhstan's 'prettiest soldiers' put forward for competition. Military officials in Kazakhstan have introduced a Miss Army competition in the hope of encouraging more recruits. The pictures show 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online where viewers can vote for their favourites.
Afghan interpreter shot with his two-year-old son by Taliban hitmen after he says he was ‘abandoned’ by the UK Government. The father-of-two, who was known as 'Chris' by UK soldiers, was hit in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack, which Chris says was the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him.
Couple have sex in full view of their tower block on hottest day of the year. The couple appeared not to mind being in full sight during their steamy encounter at the Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley, West Sussex, as temperatures reached 25C in some parts of the UK. Workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair, who were semi-naked, did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session at 3.30pm yesterday.
10 of the best swimming locations in the UK. At last, after months of grey skies and miserable weather, the sun is out. If you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip, there are a few places you could try.
James Bond would have died minutes into Skyfall - after being hit by a depleted uranium shell and then falling from a speeding train, where he could easily have severed his spine. A group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing for Ian Fleming's hero and concluded that he would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film, and would have either died or been critically injured several times. In a feature for Total Film, the medical experts examine several different action movies to see whether the man characters would have survived their ordeal.
University of Michigan cancels screening of American Sniper over student complaints. The school tweeted out a statement saying the 'decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression.' That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was 'a mistake'.
Clare Clare Van Santen, 37, is currently battling terminal breast cancer. She was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005, but it has since spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain.
Michelle Schwab, 38, has been charged with child endangerment after she allegedly dangled her child over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in Cleveland Metroparks Zoo before he slipped and fell. She faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas: Plastic surgeon who gave Brazilian butt lift to Australian tourist who died in Mexico lost another patient a year before her tragic death. Dr Victor Ramirez, of the Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali, the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California, operated on Roseann Falcon Ornelas in 2014. The 52-year-old American woman was given a tummy tuck by Dr Ramirez, and began complaining of shortness of breath just five hours after her operation, and was in so much pain she could not move.
The first ever mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the Navy's X-47B drone. The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the UCLASS program. Earlier today, it plugged its in-flight refueling (IFR) probe into the hose of an Omega Air KC-707 tanker off the coast of Maryland.
Pastor Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife, Charmaine Spears. Hotel staff found the body of pregnant Charmain Speirs face-down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days. Her husband Eric Isaiah Adusah – a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher – has been arrested and charged with her murder. The couple travelled to Ghana early last month so he could preach at a three-day religious rally.
Police are searching for a man charged with killing his wife at the Dunkin' Donuts in Maryland where they both worked. Police said the investigation revealed that Patel's husband, 24-year-old Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, hit her multiple times with an object.
Man finds five inch piece of timber in his frozen curry. John Foran's wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry on Tuesday April 7 when he found the splinter-covered shard. The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in Spytty Retail Park near the couple's home in Newport, South Wales.
Police say they repeatedly told J.B. Silverthorn of Orchard Park, New York, to not drive home from Grand Island Town Court after they noticed he'smelled of alcohol' but the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car. But the suspect then proceeded to pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies. He was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail.
Aaron Aaron Hernandez left behind his life as a millionaire star athlete today, swapping a designer suit for a set of gray scrubs at a prison where he will begin a life sentence for murder. It is perhaps fitting that Hernandez was booked at MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole, a prison just across the freeway from Gillette Stadium where he used to play for the New England Patriots.
A 3D printing company has created a prosthetic leg for a goose after it was left struggling for self confidence following an amputation. Ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint. But an animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb. The prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces which comprise his new leg.
GoogleGoogle executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both. One result has been a coziness with the U.S. government's executive branch that few other companies can match.
'Blokey' joke book on sale at River Island causes Twitter storm. The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris, which was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon, contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends. Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'.
Rita Wilson thanks supporters after revealing she has breast cancer. The 58-year-old actress - who is married to actor Tom Hanks - tweeted: 'I am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you're sending. Thank you.'
Christine Bleakley opens up about being a step-mother to Frank Lampard's two daughters Isla and Luna. Nobody dreams of being a'step-parent', but it's a job she's determined to do well for the two daughters of her fiance, footballer Frank Lamapard. The 36-year-old has been in a relationship with the Manchester City midfielder for fiver years, and says building a bond with his children has been a careful and carefully thought-out process.
Michelle Obama's school lunch is 'unappealing'. A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. Virginia's Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama’s federal lunch rules. After the photo began circulating the web, Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks.
Two mothers rescue baby and three girls from rising tide at Blackpool beach. Two mothers who dramatically rescued a baby and group of young girls were horrified to discover onlookers filming the incident instead of helping them. The incident serves as just another reminder of the dangers of rising tides after more than 60 spectators had to be rescued at the Boat Race in London on Saturday.
Game of Thrones has some of the most powerful roles for actresses on television. The HBO drama is about to begin its fifth series, which has seen many of the female characters take leading roles - mainly because the men have died in increasingly tragic circumstances.
'poison pen' letter sent to mother who'spamming' her baby daughter on Facebook. Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the 'p*****g a lot of people off' note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano - who shared it with her thousands of followers on social media. The incredible printed letter, littered with expletives and exclamation marks, starts with the anonymous author saying they had got together with 'a few of the girls' to say they are 'SO OVER' the running commentary of Ms Ruthven's life with her young
World's BIGGEST rabbit to be challenged by his giant son. Darius, who measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone, is officially the world's biggest rabbit. But his title is now being contended by his son Jeff, who already measures 3ft 8in.
Young driver who was high on cannabis when he crashed into oncoming car, killing his two friends, jailed for six years. Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his red Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013. His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani - were killed in the collision on Lodge Avenue, Dagenham.
Catholic Church blocks first ever homosexual ambassador to Vatican. Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See. But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence', according to the French media.
Police are investigating links between the Hatton Garden gems heist and a strikingly similar raid on a Berlin bank two years ago. German detectives are keen to find out whether any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid and, crucially, whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a £8.3 million robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013.
Rod Rod Blagojevich lets go of his black hair. Once famed for his mop of blacker than black hair, disgraced Democrat Rod Blagovich, 58, has really let his haircare regime go while he serves his prison time.
Chinese court jails journalist for seven years for leaking government document warning against 'dangers' of free press. Gao Yu - named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000 - 'illegally provided state secrets to foreigners', Beijing's No. 3 Intermediate People's Court said on a verified social media account today. The ruling stated Gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named 'Document number 9' to a Hong Kong media outlet.
Queen Margrethe of Denmark waves to excited crowds as she waves from balcony at Amalienborg Palace. The Danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45, who were with her again for a procession down Copenhagen shopping street Strøget to the Københavns Rådhus [city hall] for a slap-up lunch. She might be celebrating her 75th birthday, but the Queen of Denmark looked far younger as she waved from the balcony of the palace.
Two Pennsylvania bank robbers are believed to have had military training and are being described by the FBI as 'armed and extremely dangerous'. A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10. The unknown men, who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads, have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police. However, the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves.
Gypsies launch campaign to remove reference to them as swindlers from Spanish dictionary. Gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove the definition of them as'swindlers' from the Spanish dictionary. Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy, which produces the definitive dictionary.
FBI clears Tulsa County Sheriff’s department in fatal shooting of Eric Harris. The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County sheriff's department in the shooting of an unarmed black man by a reserve deputy earlier this month. Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death.
Sir Winston Churchill's former head of politics at St George's School in Ascot is banned from teaching for five years. Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi, 41, was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger. He was convicted of indecent exposure in 2014.
Classic steam engines take to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway. Steaming into action, the lovingly restored locomotives of the world’s most popular heritage railway have kicked off their three day spring gala. In scenes that harked back to a bygone age, the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day Spring Steam Gala.
Florida hospital installs 'catcam' to let patients play with abandoned animals. The toys include a long 'tail' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button. Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them.
Man cured of severe bowel infection with stools donated by his daughter. Len Barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile, suffering bouts of diarrhoea. He lost his appetite and endured continuous pain.
'sucks' domain name. The US body that regulates Internet addresses is looking to crack down on a Canadian company using the new '.sucks&#8217; domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as Kevin Spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations. So far, purchased names include Youtube.sucks, Visa.
Das Daspletosaurus, which means 'frightful lizard', is thought to be a close relative of the more famous Tyrannosaurus rex and roamed north America between 77 million and 74 million years ago. The researchers found numerous injuries on the skull, several of which appeared to match the teeth of tyrannosaurs.
John Travolta breaks silence on Scientology documentary Going Clear. John has broken his silence on the controversial Scientology exposé Going Clear and says he never intends to watch the documentary. Speaking to the Tampa Bay Times while promoting his upcoming film The Forger, the actor said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing but positive--nothing like the blackmailing, physically abusive cult portrayed in the film. 'I haven't experienced anything that the hearsay has (claimed), so why would I communicate something that wasn't true for me?'.
Twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to Islamic State militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those 'tweeting violent threats'. Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week, most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East.
Savannah baby and Atlanta baby win $1,529 for college expenses. Two mothers may have had best tax day of their lives on Wednesday after giving birth on the IRS deadline and receiving a college fund for their newborn from the state of Georgia. The Savannah Morning News reports Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday.
Rachelle Friedman was pushed into a pool Breaking her neck, she was instantly paralyzed from the neck down. As paramedics rushed around her, friends wept, and her fiancé frantically phoned from three hours away, Rachelle had one question: Could she still have kids?
U.S. Census Bureau guard shot and critically wounded outside its headquarters in Suitland, Maryland, a suburb of Washington, D.C.. A guard at the US Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in Washington. Now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another shooting that occurred Thursday in the Southeast quadrant of the city.
Ex-cop Jeffrey Walker says he stole drug money, planted evidence and lied on police paperwork too many times to count. Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white 'college-boy... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate'..
New Zealand dairy robber wears cartoon mask to rob owner's daughter. New Zealand police are appealing to the public to help identify a man who robbed a Christchurch dairy wearing a 'distinctive' cartoon mask. The offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as being'very tall'.
Four out of ten British Muslims partly blame MI5 and the police for radicalising British teenagers who then flee the country to join ISIS. A survey of 1,001 British Muslims found that one in four of this cohort had some sympathy with those who decide to join terror organisations such as ISIS. Eight per cent agreed they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John.
Report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has cited the Abbott government's 'troubled relations' with the Muslim community as undermining efforts at countering violent extremism. The Lowy Institute report, released on Thursday, says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat'.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy could be as effective as modern drugs at beating depression, study suggests. Researchers found patients on a MBCT course suffered almost the same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-depressants. This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs, said the researchers. A course of meditation typically lasts for eight weeks and mainly relies on meditation but also includes cognitive behaviour therapy and yoga.
Oklahoma reserve deputy Robert Bates released training records. Defense attorneys released some of the training records Saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect in Oklahoma. The records for Robert Bates include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates, of Tulsa, copied and kept for himself.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, told Raleigh's WRAL-TV on Wednesday that he killed Lane earlier this week in North Carolina because Lane had made sexual advances to his 16-year-old brother. He is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting Ron Lane.
Hop Theory 'teabag' claims to turn lager into craft beer in just two minutes. An American company claims to have invented a 'beer-bag' that can turn an ordinary pint of lager (pictured) into a craft beer the same way hot water is turned into brew. Hop Theory, based in Maryland, is nearing its $25,000 target on crowd-funding site Kickstarter to produce its first blend.
Abraham Lincoln's tomb on the defensive over National Geographic critique. For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis.
Harvey Weinstein's wife Georgina Chapman pictured for the first time this week looking forlorn amid claims her billionaire husband was recorded apologizing to a 22-year-old model for groping her. The producer, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting Ambra Battilana during a business meeting at his Tribeca office last Friday. But as he fights to throw out the allegations, the New York Daily News reports that police overheard a phone call between the two - in which she confronted him - and he said: 'It won't happen again.'.
Damon Muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November - a rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug. The disease has robbed Damon, from Gladstone in central Queensland, of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun - something his mother Nicci Moynahan says has been very difficult.
Australian Warren Rodwell fears Federal government will not award him Victims of Terror Overseas compensation. Islamist militants posing as policemen abducted Mr Rodwell from his home in the Philippines by gunpoint on December 5, 2011. He was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days and feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him. Now more than two years since he was finally staggered to freedom from the clutches of the Filipino terror group Abu Sayyaf, he believes he may be in for another fight.
Human remains found in search for missing college freshman Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell. The remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning, police said. Franklin is around 40 miles from Norfolk. The body has been sent to the Chief Medical Examiner's Office to be identified.
Lexy Wood, 13, apologizes to mother who called out her 'disprectful' children on Facebook after she found out they were rude to a mother. Lexy Woods, the 13-year-old daughter of Kyesha Smith Wood, told Rebecca Boyd that she is 'embarrassed' by the way she acted when she disrupted a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama. She and her step-sister were said to have been 'rude and obnoxious' throughout the film. Mrs Wood, 36, was mortified when she heard about the encounter from her son and said '
BBC political editor Nick Robinson returns to TV screens after cancer treatment. Nick Robinson returned to the TV screens last night, with his voice still recovering its strength after his cancer treatment. The BBC's Political Editor announced at the start of March that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment.
Three terror groups plotting attacks against Britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by Edward Snowden. The Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics since the fugitive stole intelligence files from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency, according to a report. Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers, making it harder for extremists to be tracked down.
Lacey Spears' ex-husband lashes out on Facebook just days after she was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison for poisoning son with salt. Garnett-Paul Spears' father lashed at his ex and the boy's mother on Facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison. Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son at a suburban New York hospital.
Marcel Hirscher uses coloured powder to create colourful rainbow run. The skier teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt, using coloured powder packed into the poles he swerved around. The process involved 11 cameras, a specially-enhanced slope, and three days to set up before creating the incredible video.
Yazidi girl, 19, dragged away from her home by her hair and raped at the hands of ISIS militants. Hanan (pictured), 19, was snatched from her family, suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in Mosul, Iraq, where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants. She and six others were then taken to the house in a nearby village where they met a fellow girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months.
Police have dropped an investigation into a vicious assault on a huntsman just three months after it took place. Last night the victim, Mike Lane, 40, who was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes, condemned the decision by police as ‘pathetic’.
Boy born with malfunctioning liver gets 40% of his parents' organs. Xiao Zhengti, now five, was born with a congenital liver condition meaning he had to have his first major surgery at just nine months old, when mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver, The People's Daily Online reports. But the boy's body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital, until father Xiao Kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday.
Stone Age man ate mushrooms as part of his diet. Discovered in an elaborate grave in the El Mirón cave in Cantabria, Spain, the remains are thought to belong to a 35 to 40-year-old woman who was buried around 18,700 years ago. Her body was found in 2010 in the cave stained in sparkling red paint and adorned in yellow flowers with an engraved stone nearby.
Man forced to resign as women's officer at university student union. James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago. Despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition.
King Charles Spaniel suffers three degree burns from microwave heat pad. Twelve-year-old Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk. The pet, who is also deaf, had the scan, last month after his owner Lynne Edwards from Huntington in Cambridgeshire, noticed a lump behind his ear.
Carnival Spirit stranded outside Sydney Harbour as storms batter east coast. The time of their lives has turned into the holiday from hell for up to 2500 passengers stranded on a cruise ship, the Carnival Spirit, outside Sydney harbour and riding a constant flow of smashing waves of more than nine metres. They have been at the mercy of the wild seas since last night.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits, including $726 from Family Tax Benefit A, $7,500-a-year from childcare rebate and $200 a week from the childcare benefit scheme. The controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket. The way the system works now, children must be immunised to access childcare payments, however, a 'contentious loop hole' means parents can avoid loosing their benefits by simply signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on 'personal,
Capybara JoeJoe enjoys some downtime in the bath with his ducklings. The internet’s most popular capybara enjoyed some downtime with its duckling friends. The rodent sits perfectly still in a shallow bath while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body.
How to avoid a shark attack. The great white shark is the most deadly of its kind, yet there by following rules and recommendations, it's unlikely you will ever meet one. There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year, with three people killed in Australia and South Africa.
Jeopardy contestant Tom leaves viewers for all the wrong reasons after giving a highly inappropriate answer to a question about puberty. Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?'
Cancer sufferer Jack Jordan to marry in hospital after being told he has just weeks to live. Jack Jordan proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas from his hospital bed while suffering from leukaemia. The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant, which they hoped would have given them a bright future together.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were found safe and well in New York City's Upper West Side neighbourhood after going missing last month. They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on Sunday, it was reported. Iona called her mother at 3:30 a.m. on Monday morning to tell her she was ok.
The Old Boys: Britain's public schools are now the very image of tradition but behind their establishment image lies a history of rebellion and revolution. The hidden story of some of the country's most prestigious and best-known public schools -including Eton - is one of barricades and mutinies so fierce they nearly proved the institutions' undoing. A new book by former education journalist David Turner lays bare the little-known history. There are even records of one gunpowder plot.
Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau's daughters sit down with Barbara Walters on 20/20 on anniversary. The daughters of Mary Kay Letourneau and her former student-turned husband, Vili Fualaau, are now older than their father was when, at age 12, he started an affair with his teacher. On the eve of the infamous couple's 10-year wedding anniversary, Mary Kay, Vili, and their two children, 17-year-old Audrey and Georgia, sat down for an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20
Hobbit-inspired guest house in Montana gives guests the chance to live like Bilbo Baggins for just under $300 (£200) a night. The Shire of Montana, located in the north-west corner of the state, is inspired by JRR Tolkien's fantasy books. At 1,000 square feet, the Hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a large tree stump-shaped troll house that people can step foot in. Located in Trout Creek, about 100 miles south of the US-Canada border, the tiny home has
Midnight Oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist Peter Garrett has put his family’s Sydney home on the market and is hoping the stunning terrace will be auctioned off for at least $1.05 million. The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May.
Comic book fans around the world dressed up in unison in an attempt to break the world record for the largest gathering of people dressed as superheroes. The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park and ended in Los Angeles, California, at the Hollywood & Highland Center. The record was probably set.
Taronga Zoo's elephants have a special treat for breakfast - a record sized 728kg pumpkin. The prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo. The prize-winning pumpkins were presented to the elephants on Friday morning. Taronga's Asian Elephant herd, including 3300kg Pak Boon and calves Pathi Harn and Tukta, were quick to swoop on the record-breaking pumpkin.
Hearing problems had run strongly through the genetics of Ahavah and Jason Cook, with both their mothers and fathers deaf. But after the baby boy was confirmed to be profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right, the couple from Andova, Minnesota, were afforded something neither of their parents were. The parents of Elijah Cook were worried he may be born deaf.
Chinese-born American geologist deported from prison in China after serving nearly eight years. Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston, Texas, on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison. The 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence at the Chinese prison.
fantasist prowler who harassed young women, traumatising them after scaling the walls of trendy apartment blocks where they lived, has been banned from the area nearby for five years. Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in Manchester's fashionable Northern Quarter district and hid, asking when confronted 'am I scaring you?'
Sarah Ivens: 'I always put my career first, and travelling and having our dream wedding. Now I'm worried I'm too old'. I’d been bombarded with images of 40-something celebrities, gloating about how easy it had been for them to conceive naturally and quickly.
Frederick's of Hollywood shuts down all of its brick-and-mortar locations. The Los Angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of its 94 locations, with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online. 'We no longer have store locations,' reads the brand's website.
Jay Kantaria, 38, jumped in front of a train at Sudbury Hill station in Harrow, north-west London, to spend more time with his family. He had been looking forward to his daughter’s birthday party when he leapt onto the tracks at his local station. He had everything to live for and it just doesn’t seem to make sense.
Alex Perry opts out of MBFWA. Usually a highlight of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia, Alex Perry's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015. The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week, and revealed to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday that he was enjoying 'taking a breather'..
Sarah Wilson, 41, explained how anxiety drove her to believe she had reached a stage in her life where she 'couldn't see the point of continuing.' During the intimate interview Ms Wilson revealed it was a combination of issues, including mounting stress, anxiety, her thyroid disease and distant family.
Canadian diplomat's sons accused of drug raid in Miami that left brother dead. Driving around in their mother's consular BMW in Miami to shoot up homes and steal hordes of marijuana: this was the indulgent life of two wealthy teenage sons of a Canadian diplomat. But the antics of 15-year-old Marc Wabafiyebazu were brought to a sudden halt on March 30 when a drugs raid went wrong and the older brother was shot dead.
This huge doll is actually an amusement park for children, complete with a slide and climbing area. Parents in China looking for a way to teach their children about the birds and the bees can now take them to a special sex education playground inside an enormous inflatable doll. The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city, according to the People's Daily Online. The green-haired, blue-eyed beauty is a whopping 30 metres long, seven metres tall and six metres wide.
Man, 36, who weighs 385 pounds and stands 6-foot-8, is accused of biting his mom's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket. Palm Beach County deputies responded to a Lake Worth animal hospital around 4:30am Friday morning and found a Shih-Tzu with his eye hanging out of the socket. The dog's owner Michele Etzel told deputies that her son, 36-year-old David Etzel, had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel.
Marco Rubio and Chris Christie vow to crack down on pot in states that have legalized marijuana. The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington. 'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country.'.
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts reports for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland. The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives. However, when it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer, saying, 'Obviously we know what you do for a living, sir.'.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina after being extradited from Florida. He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning.
Cannabis can kill cancer cells and shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumours, new advice reveals. The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients.
Rilie Carey breaks down in tears after 'little ducks' in nursery rhyme don't come back to their mother. This is the moment a four-year-old girl broke down crying because the ducks in a nursery rhymme did not return to their mom. Scroll down for video 'Four little ducks went out to play, over the hills and far away. Mumma duck says quack, quack quack and quack but only three little ducks came back.'
Ashley Pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, left her Summerville, South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on the evening of April 3. Her sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account, where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year old Emoney Bon.
Mother-of-two jailed for stealing £80,000 from dying parents to go on shopping sprees. Christine Lillico, 47, from Heddon-on-the-Wall, Northumberland, was trusted with looking after her elderly parents' bank accounts as their health deteriorated with age. But instead of using the money to care for John and Audrey Air she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle.
From clipping nails to a plastic bag filled with urine, these horrible airline passengers who carry on the unnecessary baggage. Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe, have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits - and the results are sure to shock. They include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger's head, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years, crossing 26 countries and getting through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the feat. He began his epic voyage at Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days, one quicker than the previous record, held by Australian Tom Denniss.
77-year-old woman left blind after being struck by lightning in her car. Despite the dramatic and rare event, the woman's injury was not detected straight away. Rather, her hairdresser noticed several days later that she had suffered minor burns on her scalp.
Woman allegedly beats boyfriend with bat at first face-to-face meeting. Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday. She has been charged with first-degree assault.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears' wedding in Dunblane: Local residents get ready for the big day. The inhabitants of the Scottish cathedral town have gone into overdrive for wedding of their most famous resident, lining the streets with bunting and creating special-themed produce in many of the stories. Since the Wimbledon champion announced his plans to say 'I do' at the cathedral, there have also been plans to line the streets as the couple make their way to the venue.
Northern Territory Cattlemen's Association's annual photography competition. From working sunrise until sunset to a heart-warming embrace between a girl and her horse - these stunning pictures give city dwellers a glimpse into the life and hardships faced by Australians who live in our country's most regional areas. The Northern Territory Cattlemen’s Association's annual Photography competition was held in conjunction with an annual cattlemen's conference, the photography competition was designed to illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes. Locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to
Former NFL running back Lawrence Phillips suspected of killing cellmate in Central California prison. Phillips, who was jailed in 2005, is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game in Los Angeles. Prison officials said they suspect a second inmate at the prison of killing his cellmate. It's unclear if the two are related.
Father suspected of gunning down girlfriend while she was driving. Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot Kendra Gonzalez from the passenger seat in San Jose, California, in front of the couple's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter.
Ashton Wood to read out 'not sorry' apology to Jeep on national TV. In June last year, Ashton Wood raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after Jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle which he claimed had suffered 21 separate mechanical problems. During a failed settlement between the manufacturer, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' Jeep, and Mr Wood, one of the requests made by the car company was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an 'apology' in a national publication.
7ft 8in man so embarrassed by his height he hid at home for 'half his life' marries woman three feet smaller than him. Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child and his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying and then refuse to leave the family house for years. But true happiness eventually found him in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online.
Mother who 'died' for 11 minutes during her son's birth wakes up with no memory of ever being pregnant or having her baby. Hilary Wilson, from Whitchurch, Shropshire, was technically dead for a terrifying 11 minutes after suffering a severe cardiac arrest as her son, Felix, was being born. The 41-year-old woke up four days later, with absolutely no idea she had been pregnant, or that she had given birth to Felix just days earlier.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka. The assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army in the 1971 independence war.
Amy Amy Murray, 23, of Brightlingsea, Essex, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of the adult-only film after people sitting in the row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them. Police were called to the Century Cinema in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex on February 18 just before the end of the film.
Ana Ana Granucci Davis, 28, wife of St Petersburg chef Aaron Davis, 31, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday. Mr Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was walking on Central Avenue to a parking garage when he was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am.
'Success Kid' Sam Griner, 8, raises $75,000 for his sick father who needs a kidney transplant. His mother, Laney Griner from Jacksonville, Florida, set up a GoFundMe page to raise the money her husband, Justin, needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications. He is unable to work and never has energy, she said. The longer he is on the dialysis, the higher the chance that he could develop complications.
'Mama' June Shannon and her estranged husband Mike 'Sugar Bear' Thompson file missing persons report after brother Billy Thompson disappears. Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom. Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts.
Marianne Power: The self-improvement guru who is the king of the self-help world. The time is around 9pm on a Thursday and 7,000 people are chanting ‘YES! YES!’ in a pitch-black car park in London’s Docklands. It's been raining and the ground is damp.
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke fires back at senator who questions why The Australian newspaper runs at a multi-million dollar loss. A fiery stoush has erupted between the chief executive of Rupert Murdoch's media empire in Australia and a senator who questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multimillion dollar loss. During a tumultuous day of proceedings at a corporate tax inquiry in Sydney today, News Corp CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne about why the newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable. When Mr Clarke defended the newspaper as the 'finest
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile. The firm's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook's site.
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, plummeted onto a riverbank when their parachutes tangled at the Perrine Bridge, Idaho, and were left badly injured. But a year later, after intensive recovery, both men have returned to the sport they love - and Mr Carey has even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge. The pair had been attempting a risky 'totem pole waterfall' manoeuvre when Jay lost his balance and pulled out his friend's parachute and landed inside of it. Stunned spectators - who recorded the near-fatal fall - could only gasp in horror as
ISIS has publicly beheaded six men accused of exploding a car bomb 'which killed innocent people' in the Syrian city of al-Mayadin. The terrorist group's latest barbaric video shows a large crowd gathering to watch the bloody execution of the men it claims are soldiers fighting for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
The secret Ukip-commissioned poll, leaked to The Mail on Sunday, shows that Farage has fallen behind his Tory opponent in the Kent seat he is contesting. And he is in danger of finishing third, with Labour catching up fast. If the poll is accurate, it could end Farage’s political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
Ex-air hostess wins £14.5m London mansion from her 'immensely wealthy' Saudi Arabian ex-husband. The property, in north west London, which has'superb views' over a London park, was one of five properties which the successful property developer bought during the couple's 14-year marriage. The couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Dr Shimron’s work has renewed controversy over the Talpiot tomb, which was discovered in 1980 and dates back to the Second Temple period and the time of Jesus. The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place. According to geoarcheologist Dr Arye Shimron, the'son of God' was buried with nine other people, including 'Judah, son of Jesus' and his wife, named Mary. Joseph, Mary and Jesus were all common names at the time and a statistician from the University
Walmart was ranked the second worst supermarket in Consumer Reports' annual supermarket survey. The retailer earned 90 points and kept up its consistently good ratings for the last decade.
Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia goes above and beyond to impress guests with tablet giveaway. Toni Maticevki's show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Tuesday went above and-beyond to impress guests, with front row attendees given a personalised tablet. But a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers - perhaps a disgruntled second row guest - decided to snap them up for themselves.
Sarah Foot's love of open water. Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down, and has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk. I’m not one of those athletic people who glide through the water with a sleek, racing crawl. Nor am I that hardy chap I read about recently, known as the ‘human polar bear’.
Diorama of the Battle of Waterloo goes on display to mark 200th anniversary. The model contains more than 30,000 figures, and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the Duke of Wellington to defeat Napoleon's forces. It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle's bicentenary.
Oral contraceptive pill could shrink parts of the brain that govern a woman's emotions. A new study has found the oral contraceptive shrinks two key regions of brain, changing the way they function. The findings suggest the synthetic hormones found in the Pill cause these alterations in brain structure and function. Furthermore the ingredient is thought to suppress the natural hormones that occur when women take the Pill.
Killer Martynas Kupstys spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from Lincoln Prison after staff told him he was free to go in August 2014. The killer was on trial at the time for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics along with his brother-in-law Andrus Giedraitis at Lincoln Crown Court.
Two teenage boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, are believed to have fled to Syria to join Isis militants. The boys who have been named as 17-year-olds Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have traveled to the embattled country after heading to Turkey on March 31. Hassan is supposedly related to Hammaad Munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006.
S'more Frappuccino coming to Starbucks on April 28. For those who can't get enough of Starbuck's Frappucinos, they will have s'more opportunities to guzzle some down-and they may want to camp out in front of the store. For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S’more Frappe which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri's body handed over to Iraqi authorities. Paraded in a glass coffin and flanked by jostling civilians, members of the armed forces and the media scrum, the former right-hand man of Saddam Hussein was handed over by Iraqi officials to the authorities today. Iraqi officials said he died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad, on Friday. Today, his body was returned to Baghdad.
Pregnant woman 'wants to eat rocks during pregnancy. Some of the most common pregnancy cravings are chocolate, ice cream or even pickles. But one unlucky woman from New York had a craving for something rather unusual and potentially very damaging - rocks.
Woman breastfeeding her toddler on the toilet with her trousers around her ankles sparks outrage. Alabama-born mom-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, posted the image alongside a series of hashtags to explain her reasons for posting the image including #confessionsofamom, #ididthat and #iamnotsorry. She is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, best known for his roles on Sons of Anarchy, Third Watch and ER.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years and now boasts a collection worth £10,000. But squeezing it all into her small terraced home hasn't been easy.
Ts Tsunami warning cancelled in Japan. A warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in Japan's far south after a 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern Taiwan was cancelled on Monday.
Stephanie Scott’s family share sweet photo of her as a little girl. Stephanie Scott's heartbroken family have shared a sweet photo as they invited all mourners to ‘show their support of our beautiful Steph’ for her funeral tomorrow. The service to remember the life of the beloved teacher from Leeton will tragically be held at the venue intended for her wedding.
Major General Alastair Duncan among 1,000 British service personnel requiring psychiatric treatment after taking anti-malarial drug issued by MoD. A retired major general is among a number of service personnel who have been treated for mental health issues after having been prescribed the drug Lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - despite it being banned by the U.S. military due to concerns over side effects. The MoD has ignored appeals to stop prescribing the drug in what critics say is an escalating'scandal'. The drug has been heavily discredited by the country's medicine watchdog.
Muslim migrants have been arrested for 'aggravated murder' after allegedly throwing 12 Christians into the Mediterranean sea during a recent crossing from Libya, Italian police reports. Witnesses say a fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 African migrants from Libya to Sicily, after which the men were thrown to their deaths.
Christy Mack, 23, claims Koppenhaver, 33, became abusive months into their one-year relationship. Mack, who has agreed to be identified in reporting of the case, was left with broken bones and a ruptured liver by the attack.
Scottish National Party extends lead over Labour. Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout. Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats. The survey suggests Labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010.
Russian sailors on board the Admiral Kuznetsov, the country's largest aircraft carrier, have come up with an inegnious way of cleaning the decks, by strapping an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor. We all know the time-consuming hassle of having to hoover the house, so it is perhaps no surprise.
Prince George and Kate Middleton’s secluded retreat. They could have been any mother and child. The pony-tailed young woman sitting on a hay bale at a petting zoo with her little boy perched on her knee wore barely a trace of make-up. The only giveaway that she was someone special was the diamond and sapphire ring sparkling on her left hand.
The best ice cream makers on the High Street. With temperatures creeping up, let’s celebrate with some ice cream. In fact, why not make your own?.
The continents of North and South America came together much earlier than previously thought, according to researchers who found evidence in rock deposits from ancient rivers in Colombia of the land bridge that connected the long-isolated landmasses. The two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared, with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago. The new study, published on Thursday in the journal Science, presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier. Before the Isthmus of Panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action
Ted Ted Cruz is personally against the legalization of marijuana but the Republican presidential candidate said this weekend that he believes states have the right to put decriminalization laws on the books if they want - even though they directly conflict with federal law. Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug.
What really works on frizzy hair like mine?. Deborah described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare'.
New antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine. A new HIV treatment pioneered using an antibody to attack the virus could lead to a new vaccine to prevent the infection. The first results to emerge from patient trials reveal the experimental therapy can dramatically reduce the level of virus in a patient's blood - their viral load.
Banks hit with record £21m fine over PPI cover-up. A High Street bank has been hit with a £21million fine after being caught falsifying documents to avoid compensating victims of mis-selling. Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks are part of the same group and owned by National Australia Bank.
Elderly British couple who fell victim to pickpockets as they returned to their hotel in Benidorm incredibly got their belongings back after confronting the duo - and it was all caught on camera. Brian and Joan Ogden, from Wigan, had been out to eat and were on their way back into the Hotel Don Pancho when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet. CCTV footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into the pocket of Mr Ogden while her accomplice attempts to block the view of Mrs Ogden.
The winter of 2014-15 won't be easily forgotten in Boston after the endless snow broke countless records and the city had to pay volunteers $30 an hour to help dig out the battered city. The shere volume of snow that fell earlier this year, nearly 65 inches fell in February alone, means that huge piles of the white stuff still remain. Except the remaining'snow' isn't very white any more but rather a disgusting black color riddled with trash including broken pieces of glass, plastic shards and goodness knows what else.
Baltimore Police used secret cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007. The Baltimore Police Department has used secret cell phone surveillance equipment four times in the past decade - amid claims it is ordered to withhold such evidence from prosecutors, a court heard. A detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away. Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people.
Roman Abramovich buys Tel Aviv’s Varsano Hotel for £17.1m. The Chelsea owner, who frequently visits Tel Aviv on business, is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home. Covering 1,500 square metres, the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building.
Nick Clegg warns of 'BluKip' alliance between David Cameron and Nigel Farage. The prospect of a 'Blukip' is now just as likely as a coalition between the SNP and Labour, Mr Clegg claimed today. Mr Farage called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
Judge Judy revealed that while she has a raft of hono rs scattered about her home, she doesn't keep any of the in the bedroom. 'I don't know I sort of feel that is one place where I feel nobody should be getting awards.'
Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go with before giving up an endorsement. As campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message.
Chinese team take 6,000m-long dragon-themed kite to kite flying festival. The kite, dubbed 'centipede with a dragon's head', was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival last Saturday in Chongqing in south-western China, according to People's Daily Online. But they had overlooked the fact that their kite was so big, it posed a danger to passing aircraft.
Jemima Kirke has revealed details about her abortion, admitting that she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure. The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights, an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom, in the hopes that her story will help to encourage women to be more open and honest about the taboo topic.
North Las Vegas mother arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was hospitalized and the corpse of a three-year-old child was found at a home will not face criminal charges. The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services, said Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson. Jondrew Megil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, a man she described as her stepfather, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a
FBI director James Comey has caused huge offense to a key U.S. ally by using language that suggested that Poland was an accomplice in the Holocaust. Poles are waiting to see if Comey would issue an apology — something that hadn't happened by late Monday.
7-month-old boy's death ruled a homicide after he suffered a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter. Izaak Gillen of Oregon City was taken to Randall Children's Hospital on April 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day, said Oregon City Police Sgt. Matthew Paschall. Detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident.
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com. Within these communities members that repeatedly violate community guidelines can be banned, either temporarily or permanently.
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square station, and started ranting at staff. She denied assaulting the two workers, saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central London because she is a Muslim woman. But Hussain has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs.
Indian-style bungalow that was built in Sussex in the Victorian era and preserved to maintain its 1880s facade has gone on the market for £1million. Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park near East Grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th Century.
MH17 crash site: More body parts and personal possessions found in eastern Ukraine. The Dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected Russian-made BUK missile, killing all 298 passengers and crew on July 17, 2014. In all, 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week.
Bride-to-be left fighting for her life after her lung collapses after taking the contraceptive pill. Emma Dickson, of Edinburgh, thought she would be planning her wedding to her fiance Dougie, 26, but ended up talking to him about her funeral when she was rushed to hospital and told she had developed blood clots which had moved to her lungs. The 31-year-old had two clots in her lungs, which led to a condition which caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was due to get married. She was given a lot of strong painkillers, antibiotics, oxygen and
CCTV footage of the devastating moment a man put his brother in a coma with a single punch has been released for the first time, with the brother responsible soon to learn if he will serve prison time. Downing Centre Local Court showed the violent altercation between Irishman Barry Lyttle and his younger brother, Patrick.
World's oldest pyramid could be hidden under rubble in Indonesia. Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. If true, the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation. The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia.
Immerse virtual reality headset works with any Android and iOS phone and is compatible with hundreds of virtual reality apps from the respective stores. It additionally lets people watch 3D movies - all for the relatively cheap price of £29.99 ($45). The company is the latest attempt to introduce virtual reality to the masses, which has seen a surge recently with the launch of Samsung's Gear VR range and similar announcements from Sony and HTC.
Homeless Period campaign shines a spotlight on the plight of women living on the streets who don't have access to proper sanitary care during their periods. A new hard-hitting campaign is aiming to highlight the misery of homeless women who are unable to access hygienic menstruation products. Using marker pens on cardboard boxes, the video writes the words of Patricia as she speaks them.
Washington man who confessed to raping and killing his 14-year-old stepdaughter in 1995 gets death sentence upheld. Clark Elmore, who was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham after he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child, received the federal court's ruling on Wednesday. Elmore is the second-longest serving inmate on the state's death row after being sent there in 1996. He eventually admitted killing her in a graphic taped confession.
Presidential candidate Scott Walker, in an interview airing this morning. Responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office.
Photos of the area's 'notorious' dive bar,Terminal, have been preserved by the bartender and photographer who served drinks to pimps, prostitutes and destitute New Yorkers floating around the Port Authority bus terminal. Sheldon Nadelman, 80, who worked at the bar from 1973 to 1982, would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets. Photos taken from behind the bar at Terminal Bar, a 41st Street and 8th Avenue watering hole open until 1982, show a side of Times Square that has disappeared in the
Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya King have criticised his parents while speaking out for the first time in a BBC documentary. Ashya was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year.
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson take the selfie stick to new depths. The intrepid divers from San Diego, California, have made it their life mission to travel the world to take snaps with everything from turtles, puffer fish to sting rays and baby squid. The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean, such as sharks and sting rays. The pair who co-own the diving school, Scuba Girls, loved taking photographs of the beautiful animals underwater, but found they could not easily be in the picture too.
From the best night's kip being enjoyed on a Wednesday to rising the earliest on a Sunday, new data is giving fascinating insights into how the world sleeps. Using statistics from Sleep Cycle app users, researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa. While on Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week. In terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list. The UK was in 45th place, while the US was in 49th.
VW is about to get greener because the bus is being reborn as an electric vehicle, a Volkswagen board member revealed. No images of the new vehicle have yet been released, but Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels.
Veteran pilot, who flew President Obama's campaign plane, has revealed that he has seen a UFO flying through the sky. Andrew Danziger claimed that virtually all airmen believe in unidentified flying objects and that he had his own close encounter between Kansas and Iowa in April 1989.
Charlotte Bevan had come off risperidone – a powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder – before her daughter Zaani was born late last year. Four days after the birth, the 30-year-old walked out of Bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms.
American expat Brad Reynolds is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions in just five years. The 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of Hong Kong, providing opinion and travel tips that have been read by millions of travellers around the world. He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries.
Aaron Hernandez to face second murder trial in 2012 drive-by shooting that left two dead. Former New England Patriots star and newly convicted killer Aaron Hernandez is facing a second trial in the 2012 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd. Earlier today, the 25-year-old athlete was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
St Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train around 1:40pm on Wednesday afternoon. Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing.
Gunman fires celebratory round into the air at Saudi wedding. Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun at a reception in the capital Riyadh. Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of Saudi Arabia and despite government efforts to stop it, the dangerous practice lingers on. A wedding in Saudi Arabia took a dangerous turn when the brother of the groom began firing celebratory shots with a Kalashnikov.
Iranian cleric Hossein Dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in Iran, made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country. He also warned that if women did not wear the hijab - the veil covering the hair and chest - properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested on Monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to Vermont State Police barracks for booking. Police say the woman from Shelburne, Massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30pm when she ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence.
Celebs who celebrated Easter. From organising eggs hunts to whipping up chocolate cup cakes at midnight, celebrities are, it seems, just like the rest of us when it comes to Easter. From Kim Kardashian's last-minute baskets for toddler North West to Myleene Klass' bunny-themed egg hunt, the stars took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter. We wonder if Kanye helped?
My Kitchen Rules judge Pete Evans slammed for promoting fluoride-free water. Health Minister Jillian Skinner has slammed celebrity chef Pete Evans (pictured) for promoting fluoridated water, saying he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle. It comes after concerned medical professionals described Evans' standpoint as misinformed and a potentially dangerous lifestyle choice after he revealed his family also steers clear of consuming Australian tap water.
Sevdet Besim, 18, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon. He did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24. Multiple photos of Mr Besim on his social media pages show him posing with one raised index finger, a symbol that other ISIS supporters have also frequently used.
Burberry's Christopher Bailey celebrates his new flagship store in Beverley Hills. On Thursday night, the great and good of fashion and showbiz gathered to help one man celebrate the launch of his new shop. But this was no ordinary shop - this was Burberry Chief Creative and chief executive officer Christopher Bailey's new Beverly Hills flagship. Over 700 guests, including superstars Cara Delevingne, Suki Waterhouse, Mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood, turned out to support their pal Christopher.
Teacher Madeline Luciano is said to have looked on as eighth grade pupils at PS 18, in Manhattan, wrote words like 'ugly', 'annoying' and 'phony' on the board to describe their classmate. It only stopped when the girl started crying.
Chimpanzees in Uganda learn to look for traffic before crossing busy roads. Researchers studying chimps in Uganda say the apes are having to adapt to cope with increasingly busy roads cutting across their territory. They found at a busy asphalted road through the Sebitoli area of Kibale National Park in Uganda, the chimps have learned to look both ways before crossing.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, and Chris Martin, 38, have finalized their divorce, according to a report from TMZ. The documents are reportedly signed and will be filed on Monday. They announced they were 'consciously uncoupling' in March 2014.
Mariel Hemingway reveals the dark side of her family's history of depression, alcoholism and suicide. Mariel was just 16 years old when she starred as Woody Allen's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy 'Manhattan'. But despite her grandfather's success, there was a dark side to her last name, which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels, released Tuesday.
Mikaeel Kular's death could 'not have been predicted' by social workers who visited his family in the months leading up to his death. His mother, Rosdeep Adekoya, beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in Kircaldy, Fife, in January last year. His death came just six months after he was returned to her care following more than a year with foster carers.
Family awarded rights to 10 rare gold coins worth $80m after US appeals court overturns jury verdict. Ten 1933 Double Eagle coins, which were almost all destroyed when the US went off the gold standard, have been given back to the Langbord family after a length legal dispute with the government. The family found the valuables in a bank deposit box in 2003. The government believed that Israel Switt stole the coins from a mint in 1933.
Woman burned to death and her friend seriously injured in head-on crash. Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in the north-western Turkish city of Istanbul and hit another car coming the other way. Witnesses said it was a'miracle' that friend Adem Kilic, 31, who is in a critical condition in hospital, survived the horror crash.
Plus-sized model Laura Wells reveals skinnier counterparts have only 'one cracker and a couple glasses of water' per day to keep thin in the lead up to fashion week. Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model, including appearing in Cosmopolitan and Australian Women's Weekly magazines. Having lived and worked with other less curvy models in New York City, Wells has seen the shocking sacrifices they make to keep skinny.
Ed Balls rules out post-election pact with SNP that would put Scotland ahead of England. Ed Balls has ruled out any post election pact with the SNP. The shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' that he would not allow Nicola Sturgeon's party to dictate a deal at England's expense.
Teenagers who try e-cigarettes are more likely to be regular users than regular smokers, study finds. Many teenagers are tempted to try the electronic devices, but few become regular users, scientists have discovered. This suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits - nor are they getting hooked on them after initially trying them.
Steve is on a mission to tackle Britain’s obesity crisis and has put forward a strict five-point plan he thinks will work wonders. Some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight.
FLIR to pay $9.5M to settle SEC bribery charges. Oregon-based defense contractor FLIR Systems Inc. has agreed to settle bribery charges filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that involved expensive trips and gifts given to Middle Eastern government officials.
San Francisco police officers accused of sending racist and homophobic text messages have been suspended, and the police chief is recommending that the veteran employees be sacked. Chief Greg Suhr announced in a statement Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers.
The Duchess of Cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey, produced in late spring by the bees in her Wiltshire garden. Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity. But Camilla’s venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey.
Aqib Talib and brother investigated for aggravated assault. An NFL defensive back with a history of legal problems is being investigated after reports of an early-morning incident involving a physical fight and at least one shot being fired at a Texas club. Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, according to reports. Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011.
Roman Roman Catholic school attended by Nick Clegg’s eldest son and two of Tony Blair's has been cleared of discriminating against the poor. The Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised the Oratory School in London for engaging in'social selection', saying it had broken the rules in 105 different ways.
Lithuanian gangster accused of two murders in his home country has cost taxpayers hundreds of thousands of pounds in a deportation farce. Kestutis Martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him, claiming they breached his human rights.
Woman, 84, is in critical condition after being run over by husband as he tries to parallel park. Emergency services were called to Kirby Drive, Peacehaven, Lewes, East Sussex, just after 10am on Easter Sunday. The woman is thought to have been helping her husband park when the car accelerated into her, resulting in a serious head injury.
Man who pushed shopkeeper to his death was jailed for 11 years. Prasanna ‘Nick’ Arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door of their van, but was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away. A customer in the Costco car park in Watford where the incident happened reported hearing a ‘nasty crunch’ as the 34-year-old’s head hit the floor. Michael McInerney, 34, from Borehamwood, Hertforshire, who was living at the time, was in the rear of the van
Cocktail sausages laced with poison found on Cuckoo Trail in Hailsham. A clutch of sausage stuffed with poisons were found on a path running from Hampden Park to Heathfield near Hailshamp. They were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog. They were found hidden among grass on the trail.
Arizona police chief defends officer after dashcam footage shows him mounting sidewalk and knocking down armed suspect. Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in Marana, northwest of Tucon, with a rifle. He points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out.
Woman falls 500 feet to her death while hiking off-limits trail in Hawaii. Darlene Feliciano, a manager at a Honolulu Walmart, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell. Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45pm Friday.
The Randolph Hotel, in Oxford, used as a setting for television’s Inspector Morse, caught fire today. The Randolph went up in flames this afternoon, with smoke billowing from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control. The fire's cause is not known and the extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear.
Eurocamp Safari tents in the Ardèche region in south central France. It's not advertised as 'glamping' but with big duvets and brass beds, Eurocamp's Safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas. Everything is in situ, so no worrying about whether you've forgotten your tent pegs or frying pan… You just bring yourselves, clothes and food.
Coles ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread. Supermarket giant Coles was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough and has now received a hefty fine. In June, It's'made today, sold today' slogan, was deemed misleading by the Federal Court.
Carwyn Scott-Howell's family pay tribute to 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy' after he got lost in woods before sliding towards 164ft cliff in French Alps. The family of a seven-year-old skier killed in the French Alps have paid tribute to their "daring" boy, who was on holiday with his mother and sister. He may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of Flaine. He continued 400 yards, until he plunged off the side of the mountain and fell 164ft.
Depraved militants fighting for the Islamic State in Iraq have brutally beheaded four men accused of theft, before displaying their bodies on railings in a town square. Taken in ISIS' northern stronghold of Mosul, the photographs show four men being interviewed by the terrorists before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions.
Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies by The 2015 Australian Fashion Report. The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia.
Chinese chemical plant explosion leaves 19 injured. Nineteen people needed medical treatment and hundreds of firefighters deployed to fight a huge blaze at a chemical plant that produces a toxic chemical. Authorities said initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth dies penniless. The details of where and how the West-Sussex born model and mistress of Rossetti died remained a mystery for years until her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records. They revealed the orange-haired beauty - whose face graced many of her lover's paintings - died in the Sussex county asylum in poverty.
Victorian railway line which was shut down 50 years ago could reopen as Britain's longest cycle tunnel. The disused Rhondda Tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills, was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks, a project which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network in Britain. But engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route. Under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp in the Syrian capital Damascus. The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before ISIS carried out a bloody assault that has left more than 200 people dead in just seven days.
The video captured by William Bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson Alex shows the £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray, Scotland. The first of the aircraft - which can reach 1,370mph - blasted them with the thrust from its engines, while as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America.
14-year-old girl accused of conspiring with soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed must remain in adult jail while awaiting trial, judge rules. A defense petition to return Jamie Silvonek (pictured) to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent after the body of her mother Cheryl was discovered last month was denied by Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos on Friday. District Attorney Jim Martin had opposed the petition on behalf of the teenager, who is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's adorable twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds, including a love for seafood and spices. In a recent interview, David, 39, explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed Le Cordon Bleu cooking school has helped him to influence his children's culinary tastes.
Sky newsreader Samantha Simmonds reveals how her six-year-old son knocked out his brother’s tooth. In her working life, she has covered terrorist attacks, murders and explosions. But nothing, it seems, has been a greater challenge for Samantha Simsmonds than a car journey with her three children.
New map shows where more than 231 million immigrants live around the world. The new data, released by the United Nations, shows how the number of international migrants has increased by nearly 80 million over the last 25 years. It reveals that Great Britain and Northern Ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants, with more than 7.8 million recorded.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, from Kensington, London, was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945, including several key Belsen figures, such as camp commander Josef Kramer and Dr Fritz Klein. He served in India for much of World War II and arrived in Bergen-Belsen shortly after its liberation in May 1945.
Two fugitives from the London area who featured on the UK’s most wanted list on suspicion of drug trafficking have been captured in Europe with 24 hours of each other. Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, while Paul Monk […].
'happiest baby ever': Five-month-old baby whose parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son dies. Elijah McCrae's heartbroken parents, Jessica and Andrew, remembered the 'happy baby ever', after he died in his mother's arms on Monday evening. 'We thought we had at least another week. He passed peacefully in my arms'.
Joseph O'Riordan stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda with a seven inch kitchen knife. She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back.
David Cameron shows the strain of a punishing campaign trail. With just 26 days until the election, the Prime Minister is already showing the strain. At a visit to the Age UK in Plymouth yesterday, David Cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair. In one day this week the Tory leader travelled to all all four home nations in his bid to secure votes ahead of the May 7 election.
Meter Maids have a long history synonymous with the sandy beaches of Queensland's most sought-after holiday destination, but time may have run out for the Surfers Paradise bikini-clad icons. The 50-year tradition has split the Gold Coast community, with business leaders calling for the end of an era, The Sunday Mail reported.
‘Rahat’ brings Indians home from Yemen. After drawing praise for India’s operation to rescue around 2,000 nationals by air and sea from war-hit Yemen, Minister of State for External Affairs V.K Singh, who is spearheading the rescue exercise, found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. The former army chief is currently staying in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 and was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year. An inquest at Westminster Coroners Court heard how her parents, solicitor Lisa Hommel and her GP father Laurence, struggled to treat her condition. The inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that the teenager refused to accept she had mental health problems.
Jacob Phillips, 23, plunged down 70ft cliff to his death when he ran from a taxi to avoid paying the fare. Graduate Jacob Phillips plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence in the dark. Mr Phillips had caught the cab home after a night out with friends in December – but didn’t have enough cash to pay for it.
Bernadette Forde was found dead in a wheelchair in the sitting room of her home in Dublin on June 6, 2011, with a dictaphone which had recorded her'suicide note'. In the first trial of its kind in Ireland, the carer of the 51-year-old, Gail O'Rorke, has been charged with helping her to kill herself.
Drive eO unveils one megawatt electric race car to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb. The stomach-churning vehicle, dubbed eO PP03, runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors. It is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h).
Boeing unveils roomier overhead luggage bins. Designed for future aircraft which will be used by the likes of Delta Air Lines and Alaska Airlines, the ‘Space Bins’ can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s. Boeing said the redesigned bins can hold six standard-sized bags – two more than the current set-up.
Leanne Bourne's sister Larissa Knipe reveals she was pregnant with her partner's baby. When Leanne, a mother-of-four from Romford in Essex, began to suspect that her partner Steve was having an affair, she was heartbroken. But in a twist that she could never have foreseen, the other woman turned out to be her younger sister.
Daisy Goodwin: I have had nits at least 100 times. Daisy Goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. I have nits.
Shoshana Hebshi, who was strip-searched at a Detroit-area airport, will gain $40,000 as compensation for being humiliated. A woman of Arab and Jewish descent has reached a settlement in a lawsuit filed on her behalf, the American Civil Liberties Union said Tuesday. Frontier Airlines, the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit.
Three generations of one family saved from their car by a police officer seconds before it was pulled out to sea. Peter Reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother from Kent were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday around 7pm in their new Nissan Infiniti when their tires got stuck in the sand. Reece told police that he and his family had been driving on the beach when they stopped on the edge of the surf to look at the water.
Kate Winslet was a vision in blue at a London film premiere this week. Her stunning body-con dress (top) had clearly been made to measure by Stella McCartney.
Islamic State launch social media rules to censor coverage of recent defeats. Following heavy defeats at Tikrit in Iraq and the appalling costly siege of Kobane, Islamic State have launched their own social media rule to censor media coverage on its recent defeats. The image of the rules began to circulate on social media, two weeks after Islamic State was forced to abandon the Iraqi city of Tikrit.
Celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years. They say age is just a number, but to a few select celebrities, it feels like that number hasn't changed in years.
Oxford Oxford dominated Cambridge in the men's Boat Race today, claiming a third consecutive victory in a row. Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race.
Teenagers charged with bashing father and his daughter on the streets of NSW. Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night when they were attacked. He was dragged about 10 metres across the road before they started punching and kicking him.
Clock based on John Harrison's 18th century clock keeps accurate to a second for 100 days. The clock, which was built using modern materials, was initially set ticking a year ago after being strapped to one of the Observatory's supporting pillars. But it quickly became apparent the trial would be a success and wax seals were placed on its case.
Homeless couple forced to live in their car after pay-day loan debts spiralled out of control are getting their lives back on track - thanks to a caring businessman. Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months, after a stomach operation meant Philip could no longer work as a £400 a week gardener.
Tories launch poster campaign showing Nicola Sturgeon manipulating Ed Miliband. It is the image which the Tories hope will scare floating voters into their arms – the prospect of Nicola Sturgeon forcing Ed Miliband to implement her radical policies. Launching a new poster campaign, Conservative chairman Grant Shapps said: 'The only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he’s carried there by the SNP.'.
Family of four left with no roof after bedroom ceiling collapses. A family of four are lucky to be alive after a bedroom ceiling collapsed in their home. The damage was just part of the destruction caused by cowboy builders who had been called in to fix a leak in the Beckle-Raymond's three bedroom property.
Aaron Hernandez was a rapidly rising star in the NFL. He was a key part of the New England Patriots offense, played in the Super Bowl and had signed a massive five-year contract extension that would pay him nearly $40million. He had a baby girl, a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1.5million mansion in the Boston suburbs. But even before the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013 - a crime for which he will now spend the rest of his life in prison - Hernandez was not the golden boy he seemed to be.
Boy, 14, who vomited all over the floor of a Powell’s bookstore in Portland, Oregon, sent a handwritten apology to staff after being sick. The boy, 14-year-old Jack Cordero, from Portland, was forced to clean up Jack's vomit - but said his apology letter and gift card made her day. The manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up.
Philadelphia mother accused of abandoning her quadriplegic son in the woods before skipping town to see her boyfriend arrested. Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person. Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible. Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a
'yes means yes' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses. New Yorker Amanda Chatel explained in her essay for Your Tango that adoption of the law, which defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner, is just one step in combating society's prevalent rape culture. She explained for a long time she blamed herself because he 'came on strong' and she was a 'bit inebriated'.
Chinese millionaire has splurged on a vast 217 hectare New Zealand island which she refers to as her 'toy.' The buyer, Wendy Wei Mei Wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with Slipper Island, which is located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island.
Stacey Johnson, 22, from Hertfordshire, was diagnosed with a brain tumour in 2007 and has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Her sister, Dannii, 20, helped her mother care for her throughout her teenage years, and became her full-time carer last year.
Man who escaped from North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old in 1972 admits to being a fugitive. Clarence David Moore, 66, was at the former Polk Youth Institute in Butner, North Carolina, serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free June 10, 1972. At 4pm Monday, nearly 43 years after Moore’s escape, he finally emerged from the shadows.
More than half of Scots plan to back SNP in general election. A new TNS survey shows the SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in a month, with 52 per cent now backing Ms Sturgeon with only 24 per cent of Scots planning to vote for Mr Miliband. The SNP surge since the independence referendum in September puts Labour on course to lose dozens of seats, robbing Mr Miliband of any chance of winning the election outright.
Prince Ottaviano de’Medici di Toscana, representative of the Historic House of the Medici, is aiming to reclaim the city, saving it from the ruins of mass tourism. The last ten years have seen a steep incline in the amount of visitors to the city.
Family of dying woman who battled terminal brain cancer claim diamond engagement ring was stolen from her finger just days before she passed away. Christine Davidson, from Adelaide, South Australia, lost her battle to cancer last Thursday morning at an Adelaide nursing home at the age of 61. The family of Christine Davidson (pictured) have launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother's ring returned. The family has launched an online appeal for help in finding the missing ring The family have launched an emotional online appeal to find the ring.
President Obama meets with Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller. President Barack Obama proved he is very popular in Jamaica on Thursday. Crowds across the country cheered for President Obama as he made multiple stops and became the American president to visit the island nation since President Ronald Reagan in 1982.
Arizona officials who botched an investigation into the rape of a 13-year-old girl - allowing her rapist to continue to assault her for four years - have agreed to pay her $3.5 million. The payout by Maricopa County, which was revealed on Wednesday, comes after it emerged that Patrick Morrison continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl, his niece, and even got her pregnant when detectives failed to properly investigate the case.
Trevor Noah has moved on to become a US TV star, and he left behind a stunning South African physiotherapist to pursue his American dream. The new host of The Daily Show has separated from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans.
Teenager Lily Sharp, who lives in the UK, decided to prank her own mother. Rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door, Lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping - any parents worse fear.
Jill Jill Scott apologises for headbutting Jade Bailey. Manchester City Ladies midfielder Jill Scott has apologised after she was sent off for an apparent headbutt on Arsenal defender Jade Bailey on Sunday.
A skier in Switzerland proved that his dog is certainly his best friend when he brought it along to a snowy slope for a day of skiing. Videoed descending the crisp ski runs of the small resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair, Adrian Schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift. Perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog Sintha – an Appenzeller mix according to the owner, who noted alongside the upload of the original video that he only knows the breed of the dog's mother.
Canadian model Vin Los shows off his tattoos in underwear campaign. Most people might believe that being covered in face tattoos would make it impossible to land a job; but for one inked-up Canadian man the decision to cover his head, neck and arms in crude body art has actually earned him a lucrative career as a model. Vin Los, 24, gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world; despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink, Vin insisted that the Sharpie-like tattoos on his face, neck, chest, and arms 'embody pop
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender at a Christmas party for the team. But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer.
Eamon Sullivan reveals romantic proposal to girlfriend Naomi Bass in Japan. Former Olympic swimmer Sullivan has revealed the details of his proposal to his girlfriend, Perth lawyer Naomi Bass. The smitten couple were holidaying in Japan and were out for a walk one evening.
Paul Simon tops UK albums chart for first time in 25 years. Quarter of a century after his last number one, Paul Simon is back at the top of the charts. The 73-year-old - who rose to fame as part of Simon & Garfunkel - has forged ahead of more youthful musicians.
Easter is over for the wild rabbits of greater Sydney as councils and parks prepare another attempt to kill them off with strategically placed carrots that have been laced with a deadly virus. About 30 public land managers and councils in Sydney, across 160 localities, scattered the infected vegetable in public areas in March, but a second smaller scale program is likely to be implemented in May across 10 areas as well as the Central Coast. While rabbits under one year old have a higher chance of surviving, about 70-100 per cent of rabbits die once infected with the calicivirus, also known as rabbit haemorrhagic disease (RHD),
Guy Martin faces police probe after boasting of reaching speeds of up to 180mph in a 40mph zone. TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin, 33, wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar, which costs £203,000, after test driving it on the Isle of Man's TT course. He wrote of how he pressed the accelerator 'flat to the floor' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph.
Dramatic footage has emerged of the moment police in Texas pulled an unconscious man from the burning wreckage of his car mere moments before it was engulfed by flames. Officers in Mesquite early Sunday came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel.
Goldgenie launches limited edition Apple Watch with diamonds and python skin strap. The extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap. And one version of the extravagant watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap.
San Fransisco Giants fan beaten and left for dead throws first pitch of new baseball season. Bryan Stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game. The father-of-two, who had been a paramedic, was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for swelling in his brain to subside.
Body found in search for missing BBC worker Johanna Powell, 37, in Laos after boat hits rock and sinks. A body has been recovered in the search for a missing BBC worker, who is feared to have drowned while on a dream holiday in south east Asia. The 37-year-old was sailing on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the Mekong river in Laos with three friends when it hit a rock in a stretch of rapids. The crew, tour guide and other passengers - including her friends - all swam to safety, but Ms Powell, from Cardiff, disappeared in the strong current.
Review: Poets House Ely. St Mary's Street Ely. Cambridgeshire. CB7 4EY. 01353 887777. Doubles from £159 B&B.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears tie the knot in Dunblane. When it comes to glamour, the bride is expected to be the centre of attention on her big day. But when Andy Murray and his long-term girlfriend tie the knot today, Kim Sears will have stiff competition from the mothers. Judy Murray, 55, is said to have spent months planning her outfit.
Cadbury snatches two chocolate Fingers from its famous packs - reducing the number to 22. The move is the latest evidence of how the nation's favourite brands and supermarkets are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices. The ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in what economists have dubbed ‘shrinkflation’.
Ed Ed Miliband pledges to crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers by promising a Home Office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers. Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for British workers, Mr Miliband said during an outing in Wirral West earlier today.
Topshop and Topman to open second Sydney store in Westfield Miranda. The brand will pull out all stops, chauffeuring fashion influencers in London black cabs in the lead up to the event and host four full days of shopper specials including guest appearances, opening offers, complimentary stylists and giveaways. The high street is back!
Jerry Tarkanian's grandson suffers stroke. The five-year-old namesake grandson of famed college basketball coach Jerry Tarkanian has suffered a stroke, his family said. His parents said young Jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada in Las Vegas.
'body in suitcase' teen receives personal visit from government minister. Murder-accused teenager Heather Mack was today given the star treatment in the Bali prison where she is being held over her mother's death.
Transgender teen granted permission to go through male puberty. A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted permission by a Brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections. During a Family Court hearing, judge Michael Kent was told the teen had considered suicide and gone to extreme lengths such as binding his chest by wearing tight bras and starving himself because he was so unhappy in his female body.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws. Tony Morris says he was in a meeting with top judges when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km-h zone last year. But he won't say who was behind the wheel. He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
Violent high school students attack man outside gas station. Orrden Williams Jr. says he was outside a BP gas station in Memphis, Tennessee, when a crowd of loud and unruly teenagers suddenly descended upon the establishment. Williams, who was with a baby, asked the teens to be quiet, and soon after was sucker punched and attacked.
Ohio brothers exonerated after being sentenced to death for 1975 slaying get $1.6m in compensation. The Ohio Court of Claims on Friday granted the money to Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, and the brothers' attorneys said compensation for lost wages has yet to be determined and awarded. The brothers served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks in 1975. They were sent to death row after aggravated murder convictions in the slaying of Cleveland money order salesman Harry Franks.
Gizzi Erskine's fussy feline loves poppadoms, tortilla chips and taramasalata. In an interview with Puss Puss magazine, the stylish cook, 35, posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat, that included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe, jellied fish heads, a seafood sculpture made of octopus, lobster and prawns. Although the lavish feast was in fact a set (created by food stylist Iain Graham), the cat fancier admitted that her British shorthair, Kimchi, has such a discerning
Passenger Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet in Hefei Xinqiao International Airport in the city of Hefei, the capital city of eastern China's Anhui Province, when it smashed to the ground.According to airport officials he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat because he was 'worried it might not be clean'.The injured man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help.He had been too embarrassed to shout for help and had hoped they would assist but he was too badly hurt for anything other than an
Teenager bullied friend with learning difficulties into helping him make pipe bomb. Kazi Islam, 18, sent messages via his Blackberry to Harry Thomas, 19, praising Lee Rigby's killers and encouraging him to buy a knife to attack soldiers with, along with the ingredients to make an explosive device, the Old Bailey was told. The court heard that Islam, from Manor Park, east London, met Mr Thomas at Barking and Dagenham College in October 2013, and immediately began manipulating him.
Searching bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic boy who went missing there on Friday morning. Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria at 9.30am on Good Friday.
Dancing With The Stars co-host Erin Andrews's boyfriend Jarret Stoll busted with cocaine and Molly in his swim trunks. Stoll, 32, who currently plays with the Los Angeles Kings, was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond Friday. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
Dr Frederic Brandt's friends say TV show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death. Mourners at the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon Dr Frederric Brandt, who killed himself a week ago, said a TV show was partly responsible for the 65-year-old's decision to take his own life. Many believed that he was 'hurt' by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old's decision.
Labour has been accused of 'utter hypocrisy' after it was revealed interns working for one of their election chiefs are paid just £4 per day while the party claims to champion the low paid. An email sent by Toby Perkins, who is deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign as well as MP for Chesterfield, revealed that interns are paid £25 per week for working 12-hour days.
Dave Dave Rickard and his wife Brenda are so devoted to their West Highland terrier Daisy that they didn’t think twice about giving her the kiss of life after she was feared to have drowned. Mr Rickard, 72, and wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday when Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea.
Fish and chips in peril as the North Sea warms. It may be a British staple but the traditional fish and chips is in peril. As waters around the UK get warmer, popular species of fish including haddock, plaice and lemon sole could become less common as they migrate to more preferable water temperatures. And this could see the prices of these fish soar, or see them taken off the menu completely.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash when she was just 32. Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband, Malcolm Webster, from Surrey, then aged 33.
Pittsburgh Pirates fan hit in the head by foul ball. The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC Park on Monday night when she was knocked unconscious. She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind by the Cubs' Starlin Castro and careered into her head.
Gossip Girl actress Kelly Rutherford's lawsuit against ex-husband Daniel Giersch has been dismissed. Kelly Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex husband. She wanted the US District Court in New York to grant her ‘temporary emergency authority’.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day. She can’t face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades.
Father-of-five stabbed to death at Wisconsin river after argument with rowdy fishermen. Peter Kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend. The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down.
Man brutally beats elderly truck driver for hitting his car on one of America's busiest highways. The aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland, this after the man hit the aggressor's car as he changed lanes and, according to the truck driver, cut him off. That is when Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, drove by with a friend, and tried to break up the fight.
ISIS food queue pictures show desperate Syrians queuing for hours for food. Famished and queuing despondently as far as the eye can see, these images will have the Islamic State's slick propaganda unit spitting feathers. It's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity its jihadi PR machine would like the world to believe.
MicroCon 2015: Meet the leaders of micronations. Presidents, kings and dukes will gather in Los Angeles this weekend to represent their great nations, but you've probably never heard of them. The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together.
British schoolboy Logan Kehoe drowns in swimming pool on last day of family holiday in Lanzarote. Football-mad Logan, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died in what Spanish police have described as an 'accidental drowning'. Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage cuddles babies, brushes his daughter’s hair and feeds an orphaned lamb. While David Cameron has long played up to his image as a family man, Nigel Farage has preferred posing with a pint in the pub. But with the general election getting ever closer, the Ukip leader has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote. Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories.
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow have been confirmed as among the dead when the Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington, Illinois, shortly after midnight on Tuesday. The party had been at the NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis, and Ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game.
SpaceX launch scrubbed due to bad weather. Fast-approaching storm clouds prevented the unmanned rocket from blasting off Monday from Cape Canaveral, Florida. The company will try again Tuesday.
Medical marijuana activist Shona Banda loses custody of 11-year-old son. A Kansas mother who uses marijuana to treat Crohn's disease has lost custody of her son at least temporarily and could face possible charges following comments the boy made during an anti-drug education program at school. The case was forwarded on Monday to the Finney County district attorney's office for a decision about charges.
Guernsey: 70 years on from D-Day. The scene in the Old Government House Hotel could not be further removed from the horrors of war. There is a soft swell of conversation as afternoon tea is served.
'housebreakers code' spotted on garden sheds in Lanarkshire. The seemingly meaningless symbols have been daubed on walls or pavements. But the squiggles are actually thought to be a 'code' for crooks, giving potential housebreakers details about the building, such as whether it is a good target or has an alarm, or been targeted before successfully. It has been nicknamed 'the Da Pinchi Code'.
Tommy Connolly hadn't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on Facebook out of the blue in December. The 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of one day representing Australia as a champion sprinter.
Frances Bean Cobain has admitted she's not a big fan of her dad's music in a candid new interview. Speaking to Rolling Stone Magazine about her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck, the frontman's daughter revealed she's 'not really into Nirvana.'
Anil Saxena uses Photoshop to create whimsical, mind-bending pictures that would give Salvador Dali a run for his money. An artist with a surreal take on the natural world uses Photoshop. He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well.'
Parents dress their babies up as sci-fi, fantasy and comic book characters. Art, design and photography community BoredPanda has created a thread encouraging parents to upload cute images of their babies showcasing their parents' 'true nerdy colors.' And of course, obliging parents have taken to the thread with professional photography shots of their trussed up newborns.
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow. The auditions for the nationwide search will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen.
Horse stuck in muddy ditch for six hours turns out to be white. Eighteen firefighters freed the Havana cob called Cody after he went for a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off in the warm weather. Relieved owner Tracey Hannant, from Bexleyheath, south London, said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged from the ditch.
Pastor Aracely Meza, 49, of Balch Springs, Texas, is accused of helping to starve the boy to rid him of a 'demon.' Witnesses told police that Meza and the boy's parents believed he had a demon inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day.
Mercury-like body struck the young Earth. Our young Earth may have collided with a body similar to the planet Mercury, says a new paper. The dramatic event could explain why our planet has a hot core that gives it its magnetic field. It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years and now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending, an investigation revealed. Hundreds of ‘team leaders’ working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year once the costs of their expenses, security and accommodation are taken into account. Daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace, the Times newspaper claimed.
Man crushed by garbage truck in Footscray. A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck doing the early morning rounds in Melbourne's west. Police say the man,  a garbage  truck driver, was collecting bins  early on Saturday morning when the truck rolled forward, pinning him between the vehicle and a pole.
Hatton Garden gem heist: CCTV footage of £60m raid was handed to police. The 'crystal clear' footage - said to be of a significantly higher quality than the video currently in the public domain - was handed into the Metropolitan Police by a worker based 50ft from the crime scene. But, even though police raced to obtain the CCTV once the report was made, the force has refused to make the images public – despite claims it is the best footage yet. The worker had reportedly contacted 101 - the police non-emergency number - on Monday last week, believing detectives would already have similar images of
Sailing on the RMS St. Helena: The island of Saint Helena. Probably the most extraordinary thing about the island of St Helena is that it was ever found at all. A tiny ten by six mile speck in the South Atlantic 1,200 miles from the coast of West Africa, it lay undiscovered for around 14 million years.
Morrisons supermarket is bringing in halal-only pick and mix counters so that Muslim customers don't have to check the ingredients of their sweets. A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale, all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients.
Father James Ward, 31, of Burnley, Lancashire, also had several other fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back. They managed to reattach his left index finger.
Jessica Knight can't stop eating carpet underlay and the stuffing from soft furnishings. Hardly anything is off the youngster's menu, with the filling from a rocking horse, padding in an armchair and even carpet.
New York Police Department's chequered past. Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898 when the New York area's 18 independent police forces merged into one. A variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total. Some were forward looking, some were practical but more than a fair share were scoundrels, larcenists or at the very least guilty of dereliction of duty.
Widow Amanda Taylor, 24, of Blacksburg, Virginia, was apprehended in North Carolina last Sunday following a multi-state manhunt sparked by the murder of her former relative by marriage, 59-year-old Charles Taylor, who was discovered stabbed to death at his home near Ellet April 4. Taylor's suspected partner in crime was found wounded on the Blue Ridge Parkway after the pair allegedly tried to kill him.
Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan live the life of a celebrity. Expensive clothes, fast cars and glittering industry parties: to the average person, the lives of the rich and famous may seem way out of reach. But the growing slew of celebrity gaming apps promise to immerse you in it all, temporarily.
Shops offering everything for £1 or less have become a magnet for wealthier shoppers who have also flocked to Aldi and Lidl, a new study revealed today. Almost half of all people who have visited discounters such as 99p Stores, Poundstretcher, B&M Bargains and Wilkinsons are middle class and among the country's highest earners, research has found. A new report says 57 per cent of adults in the UK claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week because the'stigma' of shopping in budget stores has ended, experts have said.
Endometriosis can be a sign of something much worse. While most 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory, a doctor tells Daily Mail Australia that more severe symptoms such as nausea, back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition - endrometriosis.
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud - which became the largest in financial history. A new book about the financier claims he had put pressure on an Israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer Silvio Eboli to sleep with him.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, on a military base in south London, during the army interview and screening process. It is claimed that the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at the Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon.
Gas pipeline explosion in Fresno, California, closes major highway. A large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on Friday in Central California, closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people, four of them critically, authorities said. It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt.
Dane Bowers charged with common assault after hitting ex-fiancee Sophie Cahill in front of her young son. The former Another Level star, 35, is accused of hitting 31-year-old glamour model Ms Cahill, from Cwmbran in Gwent, in front in February, causing a bloody nose. He answered his police bail last Thursday and today Scotland Yard confirmed he is due to appear before magistrates in south London next month. He answered bail last week and will appear in court next month.
Countryfile presenter Ellie Harrison said that she completely 'accepts' that she will one day be replaced on the BBC show. The 37-year-old, who has defended her image against criticism that she's too 'Hollywood', told The Mirror: 'You're hot one year but completely out of favour the next.'
Terry McCarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him. The 29-year-old endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms.
Sarah Vine: Why I want to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. My jeans are too tight, my hairstyle is an exercise in holding back the years, my friends are all incredibly Right-wing and I've got hog-whimperingly drunk in the presence of David Cameron on more than one occasion. But none of these are the reasons why I want you to give me Jeremy Clarkson's job.
Father-of-two who brushed his ankle against a bin bag, scraping the skin, developed a flesh-eating bug and nearly lost his leg. Douglas Murphy, 47, from Brooklyn, New York, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bag. Though the 47-year-old barely registered it at the time, the scrape almost cost him his right leg. A cut so small it was hardly visible, became infected, causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis.
Peter Tait, the headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset, claimed parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education and should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally. Writing in Attain, the magazine for the Independent Association of Prep Schools, Mr Tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child.
Man who died in Texas of mad cow disease likely contracted it from eating beef raised in Britain. A man who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East. The report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted UK beef before he moved to the United States in the 1990s.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia but experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect. A more modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m is predicted, with most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child will have a lesser effect at the tills.
Peter Hiett, a decorated former prison guard at Feltham Young Offenders Institution, said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences. The 49-year-old, who worked at the jail for eight years and was commended for bravery, said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold, while others 'turned a blind eye to it'.
Swan Swan SI9031N Steam Generator Iron, £279.99, swan-brand.co.uk. It cut my ironing time by half.
Niamh Geaney finds her 'twin stranger' in Karen Branigan. A young woman has managed to find her doppelgänger after launching a campaign on Facebook as a social experiment - and their likeness is mind-blowing. 'I can’t remember the number of times I said "this is so freaky". It was truly amazing'.
Leeton parents express anger over the loss of their children's 'favourite teacher'. Stephanie Scott was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years. A week before students are due to return to class after school holidays, mothers have have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old's murder has affected their children.
Gigi Hadid channels her inner beauty queen as she poses for Harper's Bazaar. The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler for the spread, which is aptly titled Beauty Queens: Where Beauty Meets Fashion This Season. She's a beauty queen!
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in Xiamen city, in south-eastern China's Fujian province. Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March, reports The People's Daily.
Dina Nemtsova, daughter of assassinated Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, makes debut in fashion shoot. The teenage daughter of murdered opposition leader has started a modelling career reportedly as a way of helping her to overcome her father's death. Dina, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Russian fashion label Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto. Appearing alongside her mother Ekaterina Odintsova and her partner, 37, she posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design.
Photographer Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool, Mudeford Beach and Durdle Door in Dorset, Burley Village in the New Forest and North Wales, among others. Once he finds the right location, he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image.
The ‘Fullips’ device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at West End parties, and is going viral online. It looks like a clumsy bottle top, or maybe the missing part of a child’s toy. But according to a mother and daughter team behind this simple plastic device, it can achieve an Angelina Jolie-sized pout without resort to chemicals, needles or a hefty bill.
Two mothers slam police for failing to act after their daughters were targeted by an online predator. Lesley Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy. After the horrified mother saw the provocative messages, she challenged the man herself (pictured left and writing in grey).
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain. Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because.
Diner owner offers free meal to homeless person who had been searching through her rubbish. Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant and decided try and get in contact with them. She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward, so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge.
Alison Saunders’s position as the country's top prosecutor looked bleak as she faced unprecedented criticism from the Home Secretary, police chiefs, crime tsars, prominent MPs – and even one of her predecessors. Mrs Saunders said her job as head of the Crown Prosecution Service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases, not the most popular ones.
David Cameron to launch £4bn sale of Lloyds Bank shares. David Cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of shares if he wins the Election. The shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time.
Neurio device that can tell you when you've accidentally left lights on. The $250 (£168) device recognises the electronic signature of different devices - such as kettles and washing machines - allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone. The device monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on, if their washing is finished and if the water is cold.
Jeremy Clarkson has decided against hosting BBC's Have I Got News For You later this month. The TV personality was due to record the show on April 23 to be broadcast the following day.
'Skinny Girl' Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday. The woman, who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s, began operating under the name Rio Bravo. Cutting a slim physique and an almost innocent smile, she also donned a Kevlar jacket beneath a gold necklace.
Clare Balding said she and Alice Arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006. This time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London, nor did they invite any guests.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz, who said that he wants to have her thrown in jail. He said that Miss Roberts would have to give evidence under oath and that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself.
Irish tourist Barry Lyttle pleads guilty to grievous bodily harm after crown declines to downgrade charge. Patrick Lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3. Patrick was treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit.
Father Hamish Baillie, 47, said he was unable to trust adults after being molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek in a park, when he was a 15-year-old resident of a children’s home. He added that the failure to prosecute the peer for a fourth time – three inquiries were curtailed by police or the Crown Prosecution Service – was a ‘complete travesty’.
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure, having been inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who, unable to live her own dreams of world travel, sent her teddy bear in her place. Hoping to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition, Dorian decided to send his Ganz Webkinz bear, called Tikko, out into the world, carrying with him a message of understanding and tolerance for those affected by autism.
Hatton Garden jewellery heist: Police may have to pay out millions in compensation for ignoring the alarm. The six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night having successfully broken into the basement of the building in the heart of London’s jewellery district. Shockingly, the footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping. A source told the Mirror: 'This was clearly the work of a professional gang who planned this job.
Hannah Hannah Bluck, 18, from Porthcawl, south Wales, had her dreams shattered after a rare condition ruled her out of the game for two years. The teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia.
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in St Marks Close in Parsons Green, south west London, in the early hours of Friday when the group of thugs targeted them. His friend, who wishes to remain anonymous, said the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate.
Calais schoolgirl killer Zbigniew Huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with a range of crimes which are likely to see him jailed for life, prosecutors said today. The 38-year-old appeared before a judge on Friday night and was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering the nine year-old identified solely by her first name of Chloe. Despite being banned from France for earlier offences, he was on his way to England on Wednesday from Calais when he struck. A statement released by Boulogne prosecutors said: 'The investigating judge conducted his indictment for the following reasons:
Samuel Tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, a court was told. District judge Bridget Knight described the 26-year-old as a 'caveman'.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31, after drunkenly losing his temper on March 3. Magistrates heard he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children. He then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats - which had been bought for Easter - and began throwing individual eggs at her head.
This is the deafening moment a mother of six boys finds out she's finally having a girl after the seventh time trying. Video shows Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker.
Afrikaner Resistance Movement brainwashes teenagers into fighting for a separate white state. Deep in rural South Africa, a terrifying white supremacist movement is brainwashing teenagers to rise up in defiance of Nelson Mandela's hard-fought dream of a Rainbow Nation. The far-right Afrikaans Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg. By day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons.
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins. Cousins, who has a history of serious drug abuse, was assessed at a mental health facility after he was caught behind the secure fences of an SAS base.
Woolworths 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign sparks Anzac Day controversy. He's the mysterious young soldier who is referred to by WWI historians simply as the 'Handsome Man'. He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney, before he embarked for service. Little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat.
Bafta-winning Kidulthood actor Adam Deacon sent death threat to film's writer because he thought he was trying to ruin his career, court hears. A number of abusive tweets were sent from Deacon's account to Mr Clarke's account from March 5 to December 19, Hammersmith Magistrates’ Court in west London was told. Tom Gill, prosecuting, said: ‘He referred to Noel Clarke as a bully and blamed him for trying to Ruin his career.’.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life. He formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam, calling the venture 'foam surrealism.'
Vietnam War veteran's request for personalized license plate denied. Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate. That would have commemorated both his Purple Heart in 1969 and his Combat Infantryman's Badge.
Mamma Mia inspired restaurant to open in Stockholm. The Mamma Miéma Mia ballad Our Last Summer will feel even more poignant in the coming months as the Broadway show is set to end its 14 year long run in September. But it seems fans need not worry as there will soon be a restaurant inspired by the successful show, opened by ABBA star Bjorn Ulvaeus. The restaurant is situated near the ABBA-museum in central Stockholm.
Pound has slipped to a five-year low against the dollar amid growing uncertainty about the outcome of the general election. The pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority.
Teenager Jackson Byrnes from Northern New South Wales was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. The 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation After seven days of desperate campaigning through Facebook and the crowd funding page GoFundMe, the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $47,000 being raised.
Mother of murdered schoolgirl April Jones receives hate mail blaming her for the killing. Coral Jones, 43, whose daughter was snatched from outside her home in Machynlleth, Powys, had letters demanding her other children be taken into care. She was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play in the street past 7pm where she was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger.
Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform and is used by most banks and trading floors. More than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours just after the start of trading.
NHS cuts cases of deadly infection that can kill newborn babies. Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS. But a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants among those who were tested. The only recorded cases during the 12-month programme affected babies of women who had not agreed to be tested.
Rona Fairhead to stand down as director of HSBC. The chairman of the BBC Trust will quit her role as a director at HSBC, it was reported last night. She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on March 20.
The Baird Televisor, the first television set, is expected to fetch up to £22,000 at auction. It was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system - and has the serial number 258. The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April after defrauding the taxman of £450,000. His nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his Birmingham home and discovered plans for his own mansion in Pakistan.
Six children were left without a father after a cold-blooded execution-style shooting in Melbourne's southwest. The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday.
Ed Miliband mobbed by screaming hen party and let bride-to-be on his tour bus. The Labour leader was surrounded by more than 20 young women screaming 'Ed! Ed! Ed!' and then they posed for a group selfie.
Exports to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to the European Union, official figures showed yesterday. It is the first time since records began that such sales of UK goods have outstripped those to EU for six months in a row. Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis – or three months – but never for such a sustained period.
Rand Paul smacked around Democratic rival Hillary Clinton at a campaign stop in New Hampshire this morning on the eve of the former Obama administration official's first visit to the Granite State as a proclaimed 2016 candidate. 'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' Paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under, according to the Internet Watch Foundation. Experts from the internet watchdog removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year. The number of web pages containing child pornography has more than doubled over the past year. Researchers have also revealed the material features increasingly young children.
Brisbane designer rakes in millions on the back of Hollywood's blockbuster moving 'Avengers: Age of Ultron'. Wade Lange and his team Living Dead Clothing, have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week - so massive has the interest been, that the company's website has crashed due to the demand from around the world. With a range of almost 50 garments dedicated to the movie, ranging in price from $45 to $100, estimates from industry insiders suggest the coup by the Queensland clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative Marvels contract, will be worth tens of
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb. The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs.
Father Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres after the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the A444 in Coventry. At the time, emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive.
Ne Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned by Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, before being cut into ten pieces and disposed of in a fishing lake in Dagenham, Essex. The men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit TV show and videos found on their mobile phones showed Mr Buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals.
Boris Johnson last night urged Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives' to avoid the 'nightmare' of a 'backward-looking Labour government' propped up by an 'even more Left-wing' SNP. The London Mayor claimed Ukip supporters are in 'increasing psychological conflict' as they realise a vote for Nigel Farage's party is a 'vote for Ed Miliband'.
Lucy Scott's doodle book honestly chronicles the difficult realities of the first year of parenthood. Illustrator Lucy Scott, from Edinburgh, had her first baby in 2012, and found that nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride that ensued. She proceeded to capture every experience in a new book.
HillaryHillary Clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on 'Sunday afternoon,' according to a Democratic Party source in Iowa. The Clinton partisan spoke to Daily Mail Online on background, saying the former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters. Separately, an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week.
Manon Sunday. The 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday.
FBI released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace to help them rescue a young girl who is believed to be being abused. Officials said one picture, which does not show any abuse taking place, features the unidentified man posing with her.
Rolling Stone's rape story fell apart because of 'basic, even routine' failures of journalism. Professors at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story Sunday night, going through its shortcomings step by step. However, despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts, nobody will lose their job over the story. Jann Wenner, the publisher of Rolling Stone, confirmed to the New York Times that everybody would remain in their positions.
Children as young as four have been investigated for drug and sex offences - and toddlers aged just two suspected of assault, it was revealed today. Shocking figures from West Midlands Police also show a nine-year-old has been probed on suspicion of criminal damage and a four- year-old questioned over an assault. Between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed, of were suspected of committing, a crime.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis, which stem from a police raid on his waterfront North Island mansion on November 6. The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges.
After 73 years of marriage, high school sweethearts William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and Lillian Kerr Wilson die just two minutes apart from each other. Hanging on one 93-year-old man's wall at a Kentucky nursing home was a photo collage of him and his wife. It was titled 'Lill & Bill, together forever'.
Shelley Dufresnein from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender. When she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today,' followed by three smiley faces. Followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture, prompting her to respond: 'I'm so relieved.'
Patrick Kramer's oil paintings are so realistic it's impossible to tell apart from a photo. Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville, Utah, who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings. His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots. His technique involves building layers of oil paint in order to achieve the intense level of detail.
Two British men fined $3,000 for threatening behaviour on board Thomson Airways flight. Jamie Richardson, 38, from Lancing, West Sussex and Daniel Taylor, 37, from Worthing, Westshire, both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court. The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term, with local sources claiming the pair are struggling to pay the fee.
Should fast food and sugary drink companies be allowed to advertise their junk food to children?. Should TV ads promoting unhealthy food and drink be banned until the watershed, or wiped out altogether to save adults' waistlines too?.
Dark matter is confusing because it interacts with nothing - including itself. This is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass and having an observable effect on galaxies: without dark matter, our galaxies would ‘fall apart’ as they spin. Aside from gravity, though, dark matter seemed to just pass through the universe without interacting with any other mass, such as humans, planets or stars. Now an international team of researchers at Durham University has found a clump offset from a galaxy by 5,000 light-years, suggesting that is not the case. The discovery was made around one
Inside Harley Street: Episode 2: Make Beautiful. Everyone has parts of their body they would like to change but how much would you pay - and how much pain would you be willing to go through - to be rid of your hang up? It's a question explored by BBC documentary Inside Harley Street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments.
George Osborne mocks Harriet Harman on live TV. George Osborne today brushed off Labour's class war attacks, mocking Harman (pictured) on live television over the fact they both went to the same private school. Challenged about claims senior Tories are 'posh boys', Ms Harman, Labour's deputy leader, insisted they were only'standing up for people at the top'.
Teenage girls savagely beaten by mob as onlookers videotape the riot. Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob, who can be heard laughing during the five-minute video filmed in Trenton. People can also be heard chanting 'they gettin' busy!'
What makes a great kitchen?. Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
Nicola Sturgeon will today launch an extraordinary bid to 'lead the UK' as she unveils a string of policies apparently tailor-made for a power-sharing deal with Labour. The SNP leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy, welfare payments, energy bills and English university tuition fees.
World's last male northern white rhino, 43, stripped of his horn for his own safety, under 24-hour armed guard in desperate final bid to save the species. Sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory. But even without his horn, keepers in the Kenyan reserve of Ol Pojeta in fear for his safety. Sudan was moved, along with two female rhinos, from a zoo in the Czech Republic in December 2009.
Apprentice electrician falls off ladder and dies in front of his father after he was electrocuted while testing lights in a factory. Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician, when he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane. The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane.
South Africa: Shop owner dies after being attacked in Johannesburg. A bloody and wounded shop owner has been pictured just moments before he died from his injuries on another day of xenophobic attacks.
David Cameron warns of 'frightening' prospect of SNP holding Labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Scotland will definitely become independent one day, Nicola Sturgeon vowed today as she again refused to rule out a second referendum on breaking up the Union. The SNP leader said the 'direction of travel' was towards independence, as she set out her demands for her to support Ed Miliband if Labour falls short of a majority.
Schoolgirl killed herself by walking in front of a train just weeks after her mother was found murdered. Friends of 16-year-old Rachelle Owen said the teenager 'just wanted to be with her mum' Kay Diamond, who was discovered dead in February. Miss Owen died after being struck by a train close to Hoylake Station, Wirral, on Friday night.
Anti-racism protesters clash with neo-nazis in Melbourne. A striking picture, taken by photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe, captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia. The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia, an anti-Islam group, organised protests at major cities across Australia.
Harvey Weinstein's wife Georgina Chapman is furious and humiliated by the allegations that he groped a 22-year-old Italian model, according to a new report. The source told the Daily News that Chapman, who has two children with Weinstein, wants to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible.
Chernobyl nuclear explosion site attracts 10,000 tourists a year. April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the explosion, which was one of the worst nuclear accidents that the world has ever seen. In 1986, Reactor 4 in the Chernobyl power plant exploded, sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of Pripyat, north of Kiev. At the time, the area was part of the former Soviet Union, but is now Ukraine.
Maryland parents vowing to sue over 'free-range' parenting. Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood. But they say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up the children and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court for running a pair of websites that capitalized on the internet as a forum for public shaming. The landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the United States.
Chancey Allen Luna, 17, was found guilty in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane, who was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan. The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
A. Alfred Taubman, the self-made Michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success — including weaving the enclosed shopping mall into American culture — was clouded by a criminal conviction late in his career, has died aged 91. A. A.
CoCoachella is the summer hang out of choice for Hiltons, Jenners, supermodels and many others with a money-is-no-object lifestyle. So it's no wonder Coachella hits the hip pocket hard.
Shoe that grows with a child's feet. Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small. He said: 'It got me asking questions and finally all these questions led to an idea - what if there were a shoe that could adjust and expand?'.
Lor Lorraine Kelly drops two dress sizes by attending Zumba classes. It turns out the 55-year-old has been attending regular classes, and it's paid off.
Bergen-Belsen: The love between British soldier Norman Turgel, 24 at the time, and teenage Polish girl Gena, 20, was only kindled because of the generosity and kindness of the camp's British commander Major Leonard Berney. Norman, now 95 and living in retirement, took a personal interest in their unlikely romance, making sure to send messages to each sure sure to hold homosexuals post-liberation activity. Gena and Norman were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years, pictured before his passing in 1995. Norman and Gena pictured as a young soldier in the British
British photographer captures adorable images of puppies posing for the camera. The picture-perfect photo shoot is the handiwork of John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, who has decades of experience working with animals.
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens. Lovingly tended gardens with their manicured lawns and neat flowerbeds were once the very essence of Englishness. But these days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue.
Dramatic moment coach explodes into flames on busy M25 motorway. The coach erupted into flames this morning on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford in Kent this morning with only the driver on board. The blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with footage taken by motorists showing the wreckage of the vehicle. No-one was injured in the incident.
Tortoiseshell Mimi becomes internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook. Tortoisehell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook. The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the one-year-old cat playing with 15-year old Joshua Teague. Joshua’s dad Phil, 56, a computer programmer, bought the cat with his wife Christine, 45, when she was eight-weeks-old in December 2013 from a seller
Jessica Cleland's parents call for tougher anti-bullying laws after daughter's suicide. As the anniversary of their daughter’s suicide approaches, Michael and Jane Cleland have spoken of their battle to have the two teenage boys, who they say bullied their daughter to death, held accountable for their actions under cyber bullying laws. The parents of a teenager who took her own life after being bullied on Facebook have called for tougher laws to be introduced to protect young people from cyber bullying.
Emergency services are preparing for damaging winds to hit large parts of New South Wales as residents in Victoria and Queensland prepare for a week of colder weather. The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days. The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area.
Sandwich and pasta salads contain more fat, calories and sugar than burgers and pizzas. Some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than demonised junk foods from the likes of McDonald’s, Burger King and Pizza Express, researchers have found. Consumer group Which?, which conducted the research, said it was surprised to find that three of the sandwiches it surveyed contained more than three teaspoons of sugar. These included Pret's Posh Cheddar and Pickle on Artisan, which contains 17.6g of sugar – equivalent to more than four teaspoons.
Homeowners could face an early rise in interest rates if Ed Miliband is propped up in Downing Street by the SNP, a major bank warned last night. US giant Morgan Stanley said the prospect of a Labour government reliant on the Scottish Nationalists would create the 'greatest uncertainty' of any election result. Its inevitable 'anti-austerity' agenda could lead to an 'earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case', the bank argued.
Sir Bruce Forsyth says he wants to 'die with a bit of dignity left'. The veteran entertainer said people should not be 'left to suffer', adding that in many cases it could be'more cruel to do nothing' than allowing them to die. Sir Bruce's first wife, Penny Calvert, was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008, and he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
Damon Albarn has criticised today's pop stars for 'talking platitudes' and singing only about themselves, at a time when, he believes, they could be using their music to make political statements in the run up to the general election. 'Modern day musicians are talking platitudes now and it's not interesting to me.'
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon. The 37-year-old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots but this may be his most intricate and impressive piece to date. Stoetter daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect, then intertwined them to form the shape of a Chameleon. To complete the deception, the models rested on a bench painted to match their skin and held the green branch in the air.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways over a two-and-a-half year period. He travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, in north west London.
Brits are ditching traditional wedding traditions in favour of alternative practices. Two of the biggest changes are the fact that religious services have fallen out of favour and that brides are opting for bold colour schemes for their big day. A new study, which has tracked the decisions of brides and grooms over the past five years interviewed 1,893 newlyweds and compared them to answers they have collated since 2010.
Man on the hood of his car. The incident began shortly after 7 p.m. Sunday on McKinley Street in Springdale, Pennsylvania.
All-girl quintuplets are 'doing fabulous' a week after birth. Danielle Busby looked tired but ecstatic as she appeared on Today for an interview just one week after giving birth. Olivia Marie, Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Parker Kate and Riley Paige are all still in an incubator at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas.
Sofia Vergara and her ex fiance Nick Loeb are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs which they planned to have children with before their bitter split, a new report claims. Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF, according to InTouch.
R2D2 follows boy around Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California. Clearly a fan, the boy was dressed in a Star Wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film, the Force Awakens. The robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling loudly and uncontrollably.
USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea and heading towards Yemen. The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002. Buchanon, who also played for the Houston Texans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins before retiring in 2011, discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money: Stay Rich.
Giant concrete arrows once used to direct air mail flights across America. Dotted among scrubland, placed in seemingly random spots, these huge arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the US - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world. They are the peculiar concrete markings that have been spotted all across America, prompting hikers and travellers to wonder what on Earth they could mean and where they are pointing to. But these giant arrows are actually a forgotten remnant of a bygone age.
Toyal Lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots. The technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking. Maker Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation and the German firm has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers. Yoghurts in the Japanese firm's product line can be opened and the lids peeled off without any liquid left on the surface.
Baby boomers to leave a wave of funeral debt to their children and grandchildren. The number of deaths every year in Britain – which have been falling for the past 40 years – will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades, as the lives of unprecedented numbers born in the post-baby boom come to an end. At the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation, rising undertakers' bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts, and the increasing fees demanded by churches.
Ten houses in Australia that won't sell after being on the market for up to two years - some even heavily discounted - have been revealed. This includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent, the Property Observer reports. A recent report, released by SQM Research, found the properties across the country which haven't been able to spark enough interest among home buyers.
Human remains found in duffel bag outside biotechnology company's building in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide, Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan said. She announced at an evening news conference that a person had been arrested in the case but provided no details. The name of the victim also was not released.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women. Ms Morris has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site Plenty of Fish to meet more women for casual sex, claiming the two are 'crazy about each other' and that she trusts him 'completely'.
Boy of 11 arrested over £500,000 Welsh grass fires. Five children were questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone. Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the ‘unprecedented’ scale of destruction.
Comellias: Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers and brings life to dull winter gardens. Commonplace they may be, but there's nothing ordinary about camellias. Polished, evergreen leaves make for a contrast to the brightly coloured blossoms. And when the flowers open their '­alabaster petals' they are positively regal.
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park, California. Guinness World Records has confirmed Peter Weber Jr.'s feat, the Sacramento Bee reported. He pulled off his March 30 flight at the age of 95 years and 143 days, Guinness says. He's the oldest pilot in the world!
Police foil Lee Rigby-style terror attack on police during Anzac Day. A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire was arrested after he allegedly communicated with Australian men over a plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in Melbourne on Anzac day, which takes place this Saturday. When the alleged plot was uncovered by Greater Manchester Police, they tipped off Australian authorities who swooped on the terror suspects.
Deep brain stimulation can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed. Scientists have shown that using deep brain stimulation (DBS), a technique already used to treat Parkinson's disease, could boost memory. A 'pacemaker' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull. Experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall, and it is hoped the same will apply to humans.
Britain's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last with the country predicted to be hotter than Ibiza, Athens and Barcelona tomorrow. Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off, with the balmy conditions set to continue.
Fashion designer Alannah Hill is the least likely candidate for skin cancer as she prides herself on her alabaster skin - even going to the extremes of wearing gloves and using a parasol to protect her from the sun. Therefore it was a blessing in disguise when she broke her foot after attempting the shoo her dog out of the way and went to the doctor who spotted a tiny freckle on her fourth toe of her left foot.
Twin 18-month-old twins drown in Arizona canal after their mother tried to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller. Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons, Eli and Silas Keslar along the canal bank in Yuma, Arizona, when she was distracted and the stroller tragically rolled away from her into the canal. They were pulled from the water one hour later and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Car plunges into LA Harbor, killing one child. One child is dead after a car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday. Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died. The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm.
Jet Airways plane tilts to one side as landing gear collapses at Khajuraho airport. The plane, carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members, tilted to the left, with its left engine touching the runway and its emergency slides deployed. The crew ordered an evacuation after the Boeing 737-800 came to a stop, and passengers slid down the plane’s inflatable slides to safety.
Bluefish offers chance to dive 12,500ft below the surface of the Titanic. It is perhaps the most iconic ship of all time, but the closest most people will get to the Titanic is a visit to the museum in Belfast, or a viewing of the Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet blockbuster. The once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service, Bluefish, and does not come cheap, setting you back a whopping £41,000 ($60,000).
Rare black flamingo spotted feeding among pink flamingos in Cyprus. A rare black-coloured flamingo amazed bird watchers when it was spotted near the British RAF base at Akrotiri on the island's south coast close to the resort city of Limassol. Normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-Carotene in their diet. It is believed to be heading to Turkey to breed.
How gin and vodka dilute red wine stains, why vinegar is so good at removing mineral deposits on glass, and how spit tackles stubborn food stains in your kitchen. The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society (ACS) as part of its Reactions series. It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops.
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb after battling the eating disorder since her teenage years - while working in a chocolate shop. Tormented by bullies at school, she began a strict diet regime at the age of 16, living off nothing more than black tea and coffee.
Young thugs shoot at homes and cars with air rifles and BB guns. CCTV footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles through the estate, sparking terror among the area's residents. Residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at. A mother-of-three, who asked not be named, released the appalling footage and says she has been left 'terrified' by the thugs.
Judges have caused controversy by ordering that the parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden. They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now cannot be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity.
John Coyne, 56, who ran the Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, central London, attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in October last year. The victim, who is heterosexual, had been on a night out with friends after finishing work and ended the night at Coyne's pub where he fell asleep on a sofa.
Kellogg’s warned profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes. Kellogg's is the latest US owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in Britain. Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the Republic of Ireland, where corporation tax is 12.5 per cent, compared with the UK's 20 per cent.
TonyTony Blair has said he does not want to retire until he is 91 – as he unveiled plans to set up a 'cadre' of ex-leaders to advise governments around the world. The defiant 61-year-old former Prime Minister said he had ‘decades’ still in him and joked that he would ‘turn to drink’ if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles.
Joel Wilkinson, five, from Hull, has Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. The pictures show a caring sister helping her brother with his coat, giving him a kiss, and tenderly holding his hand as they play together. But while the scene looks idyllic, it is tinged with sadness, as Joel Wilkinson has a muscle wasting disease meaning he will eventually be left in a wheelchair.
Man who killed San Antonio police officer with his own gun is executed. Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001. He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year.
Kier Kieran Loveridge, 21, was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer. The 21-year-old is thought to have had a relationship with Port Macquarie woman Jody Marson, The Daily Telegraph reported.
Mark Hamill knew he had to say yes when George Lucas told him about the plans to move forward with a new Star Wars trilogy. 'It's not like a choice,' Hamill told a massive crowd Saturday night at Star Wars Celebration of his decision to reprise his role as Luke Skywalker in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Kristen Lindsey from Brenham, Texas, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral and then posted the image on Facebook. But a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. As her health continues to decline, her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help.
NationalGrid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. Called the T-pylon, it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy after a row outside a block of flats. Zoe Johnson QC told the court the murder happened on December 14 last year, as the killer attended a 13th birthday party at his friend's flat off The Broadway, in Edmonton, north London.
Apple is investing in Chinese solar power and preserving American forests that make environmentally friendly paper. The tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions.
Former nurse admits murdering six elderly patients with massive doses of potassium. Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over a four-year period at a hospital in Rumburk - a small town in the north of the country. Dubbed 'Nurse Death' by local media, she was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, forced himself on the teenager in the VIP area at Equinox nightclub in Leicester Square - which has now been replaced by a casino - after punching her so hard in the face that she was knocked unconscious. He then ordered his terrified victim to wait for at least 30 minutes, threatening to kill her if she did not oblige.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with killing Ms Scott, a popular high school teacher in Leeton, 550 kilometres from Sydney, on Easter Sunday, just days before she was due to be married to her childhood sweetheart. Using the name of a mythical Aztec serpent Quetzalcoalt, Stanford's wrote scripts for his favourite TV series, the science fiction show Stargate, titled 'Secret endangered'.
Bill de Blasio is going up against Hillary Clinton as the Democratic presidential candidate, it has been claimed. The Mayor of New York is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to Clinton in the hopes that this will see him represent the party in the 2016 elections.
Harvey Weinstein and his designer wife Georgina Chapman were spotted out together for the first time since the alleged incident. The play, which stars Glee star Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer, is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp. The couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks as well, attending Finding Neverland rehearsals, celebrating Easter together with their children, and at a party for Georgina's birthday earlier in the week.
Zodiac Aerospace unveils new bunk beds for cabin crew. Economy passengers have long wished they were in first class with lie-flat beds and nice meals, but now it seems there is someone else to envy - the cabin crew. A new plane design has revamped the areas where cabin crew can enjoy from rest and relaxation in flight.
Dennis Quaid has a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-like meltdown on the set of his latest movie. The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid – famed for roles in blockbusters such as Wyatt Earp, Any Given Sunday and The Day After Tomorrow – losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. During the 40 seconds or so of footage Quaid, the younger brother of fellow actor Randy, calls his co-
Peter Gale was fired from his position at high-performing Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam, Surrey, due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures. He was appointed to run the school, which counts singer Katie Melua amongst its alumnae, in September 2013 after the mysterious departure of its previous head, Karin Rowsell.
Researchers sketching out a 'wiring diagram' for rat brains have discovered its structure is organized like the Internet. They say the animal's cerebral cortex is 'like a mini-Internet'. The first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll.
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes is to give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the Chalke Valley History Festival. The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey, best-selling novelist Kate Mosse, award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin, explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, Private Eye editor Ian Hislop and Neil MacGregor, who recently announced he is to step down as director of the British Museum. Visitors to the festival, sponsored by the Daily Mail, will also be able to hear first-hand accounts from the last surviving British Dambuster George ‘Johnny�
Jeremy Clarkson has finally spoken out about his high-profile sacking from Top Gear, admitting he will'miss' fronting the BBC2 show. Clarkson, 54, who was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming, has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say that 'everyone's upset'.
Man stalked three other women before raping 18-year-old woman at bus stop in Leeds. The victim was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month. Now police investigating the case have come across CCTV that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night. He is described as being of Pakistani or Middle Eastern origin, in his early twenties and slim with a receding hairline. He was shown wearing a green Puma sweatshirt, dark jacket and jeans in the
British woman crushed by falling tree in Bolivian jungle. Louise Shepherd had been hiking through the remote Madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her during a storm.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring: Woman accused of painting red and white stripes on her £15m Kensington townhouse is war hero's daughter worth as much as £60m. She is the daughter of a Second World War hero pilot, Flying Officer George Reicher Royde, who was handed the Distinguished Flying Cross in 1942 for helping fly a bomber back to Britain from a European raid when the pilot was injured. But in 1943 he was shot down over Belgium while heading to bomb German factories and buried in the Schoonselhof Cemetery.
Ex-Jeb Bush aide Ethan Czahor launches 'Clear' app to scrub embarrassing tweets from Twitter. A former aide to Jeb Bush who was fired for offensive tweets has developed an app that lets you scrub embarrassing messages from the social network. Ethan CZahor has launched ‘Clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer.
Obama and Castro to have 'discussion' tomorrow at regional summit in Panama. U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will have a substantive ‘discussion’ tomorrow at a regional summit the two men are attending this weekend in Panama, the White House said Friday. It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange.
Championships postponed after wild weather leaves Randwick Racecourse unsafe. One of Australia’s most prestigious race days, the opening of The Championships, has been postponed after wild weather left Randwick Racecourse unsafe to compete on. Stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30am Saturday morning.
Third man charged in Anzac Day terror plot. The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order - which allows police to hold a person without charge for up to 14 days - removed, and the teenager was re-arrested. The man has now been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts'. He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
Naked bodies of the men accused of killing 148 people at Kenyan university are paraded in front of a large crowd at a primary school. The decomposing corpses of the four alleged terrorists around the town in a pickup truck from the mortuary to Garissa Primary School. It comes as survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive, was rescued after al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College on Thursday.
Tory candidates given letter-writing kit to target farmers, pensioners and women. A series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the May 7 election. Women are told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' while pensioners are praised for their 'wealth of experience'.
Woman who beat boyfriend's ex-girlfriend with a crowbar after finding her getting high on heroin in her bathroom will no longer face prosecution. Elena Curtin, 23, of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend’s ex in the head and arm in November 2014. She was set to go to trial this week.
Japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series. The action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world, and demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods.
Rand Paul, who announced his bid for the Oval Office on Tuesday, admitted that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them while maintaining that 'interviews should be questions and not editorializing.' 'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters.
The Queen's horse Ring of Truth narrowly pipped to the post at Newbury. The monarch, who was resplendent in a fuchsia suit and a matching hat, appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the Royal Box. Unfortunately for Her Majesty, her horse was barely pipped.
Tiny garden gnome that appeared on the cover of the Beatles' Sgt Pepper's album and was signed by all four band member has sold for £29,000 The knee-high little gnome, circled, appeared next to George Harrison's left leg on the famous album cover. Other well-known figures include writer Edgar Allen Poe, dancer Fred Astaire, comedians Laurel and Hardy and boxer Sonny Liston, poet Dylan Thomas and philosopher Karl Marx.
New York teen who lost everything in Hurricane Sandy accepted to seven Ivy League schools. Daria Rose, 18, immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012. And after a difficult high school experience, the 18-year-old has a bright future ahead of her.
This Morning's Ashley Roberts gets engaged on air. Following a segment on wedding costs that touched on the price of engagement rings, WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own. And it was a good news day for everyone involved — Ashley said yes.
Victor Agbafe, a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, also could go to Stanford or Duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well. The 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all.
Councils are pocketing thousands in change by forcing drivers to overpay for parking because their meters do not accept five or 10 pence coins brought in three years ago. Town halls have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines in the UK - making it impossible for drivers to pay the exact cost of parking. In Manchester, where 240 machines are still not upgraded, motorists without old-style coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking - handing the council a 15p profit. Town hall bosses in Manchester have been accused of pocketing hundreds
Daphne Selfe shows off her timeless beauty in new Vans and & Other Stories campaign. In a beautiful new campaign for Vans and Other Stories, the woman dubbed the 'world's oldest supermodel' has put her younger counterparts to shame. DAPHNE Selfe, 86, shows off the collaboration between the footwear super-brand and the ethereal high street store with uncompromising grace. She's 86!
Passenger who hijacked plane's tannoy system while drunk to sing karaoke and then caused an airport to be evacuated could be handed a jail term. Graham Leonard, who was returning to Scotland after attending a Manchester United football match, grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day.
WI has been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes. Even though the fruitcake has been home-made by two WI star bakers, some of the ingredients were donated by companies including Dairy Crest, Diageo and Whitworths. Under the Hall’s booking conditions, extra fees are liable if products of commercial sponsors are promoted inside the building.
Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across. It is the world's smallest computer - and 150 of them can fit in a thimble. Called the Michigan Micro Mote, to tiny technology is a complete computer system. Its inventors say it can act as a smart sensor, and give everyday objects computing capabilities.
Tiny two-bedroom home so small it is only 5ft wide in places has been snapped up for a staggering £750,000. The tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London. Despite being only a little wider than a rugby player’s shoulders, the estate agency blurb described the property as being 'well proportioned'. At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in.
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette, 75, dies in North Carolina prison. A former mob enforcer in Rhode Island with ties to late New England crime boss Raymond L.S. Patriarca has died in a federal prison in Butner, North Carolina. Gerard T.
Boy, 14, and girl, 16, arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism. The boy was held in Blackburn after police examined a number of electronic devices and raided a house in the town on Thursday. The girl was arrested in Longsight, Manchester, as part of the same investigation.
HillaryHillary Clinton boasts a robust 3.6 million Twitter followers, not even a vast right-wing conspiracy would be able to interact with 2 million of them. According to two popular online measuring tools, no more than 44 per cent of her Twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform.
CubaDupa puts on one hell of a show in Wellington. You would be forgiven for thinking these colourful scenes of dancing, singing and beating drums is something straight off the streets of South America. But in actual fact it’s Wellington in New Zealand. The quaint capital city put on a show last weekend for its inaugural CubaDUPA festival – a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks.
Stephanie Scott's body found in Cocoparra National Park. Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott’s remains were found by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed. Detectives were pointed to the area by the mother and brother of Vincent Standford - who has been charged with Ms Scott's murder.
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone only to discover it was switched off. During a confrontation near a park in Oldham, Greater Manchester, Bako put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach. Bako fled the scene as the girl let out an 'ungodly scream'.
Eileen Mason and Margaret Seabrook had been to a lunch club meeting in Swindon, Wiltshire, when an 'evil looking' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence. The attacker was knocked to the ground, and the motorised pair sped off into the distance. Speaking after the robbery attempt, the great-grandmothers said they refused to let the 'weasel' bring them down. Mrs Mason said: 'I saw him look into my basket and I said; 'Oh no you don't!'
Giant glaciers of ice may be lurking all over Mars, hidden from view by dust on the surface. That’s the surprising conclusion of a study.
Hillary Hillary Clinton 'whooped' for joy at the birth of her granddaughter before she saw Bill becoming tearful in the hospital waiting room, she has revealed. The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run.
Girls killed by a train at a level crossing have been shut out of a meeting where they planned to challenge Network Rail bosses over their bonuses and passenger safety. Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died when an express train hit them at Elsenham station, Essex, in December 2005 as they set off on a Christmas shopping trip.
Roxy Walsh finds the owner of sentimental ring found at Bali resort. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’. The ring was discovered at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday. It's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from. But revelations on social media suggest the pair are from Sunshine Coast in Queensland.
How to pocket four balls in a single shot with no dominoes in the mix. This is the moment a billiards player performs a complex trick shot by setting up a domino train to pot four balls. And for those wanting to replicate the stunt, there is a slow motion version to show the precise angles involved.
Teacher Carol Chandler, 53, of Wellington, Shropshire, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s. She was charged as part of the Metropolitan Police's Operation Winthorpe, Scotland Yard's investigation into allegations of sex abuse at St Paul's School in Barnes, south west London.
David Totton banned from every pub and club in Manchester after ramming his car into nightclub doors after bouncers refused to let his friend in. David Totton, 36, admitted driving a rented white Peugeot RCZ into the doors of Club Liv, a nightspot popular with footballers in central Manchester, at around 3am on August 31 last year. Totton, who survived being shot in the head in 2006 as part of a suspected assassination attempt, tried to claim the attack had been meant as 'a joke', but a judge ruled otherwise.
Spanish woman found dead alongside her British partner and two children in Gibraltar is believed to have killed her family before taking her own life. Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, is said to have been'suffering from post-natal depression' when she allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31, the couple's six-week-old baby and her daughter, four.
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot when she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American. The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border.
Annabel Karmel slams Pete Evans' 'paleo' kids cook book. In an exclusive interview with Daily Mail Australia, UK children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans’ controversial bone broth recipe in his book ‘Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way’, calling it dangerous, and said the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend. 'Babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does
Tories have jumped to a six point lead over Labour in the polls, putting David Cameron within striking distance of an overhaul majority. The shock poll, published this afternoon, comes after the Tories unveiled their key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million.
Harry Reid's 73-year-old brother Larry Reid arrested for DUI and hitting police officer. Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits. Mr. Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun.
The most powerful woman in the NHS is facing the threat of a new inquiry into claims that she put patient safety at risk in a drive to meet targets, the Mail can reveal. Dame Barbara Hakin, national director of commissioning operations for NHS England, was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients. She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer.
An Anzac soldier's cricketing skills were put to good use on the battlefields of Gallipoli when he picked up Turkish bombs and threw them back at the enemy during World War I. Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, received a Victoria Cross for his 48-hour effort that saw him lob live, palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine to save the lives of his comrades.
Julie Bishop, who is Australia's highest-ranking official to visit Iran in 12 years, donned a black headscarf during a meeting with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani and her Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif. Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom.
Valerie Rutty, of Warrington, Cheshire, altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned - then paid the difference between the actual sums into her own bank account by cheque from the school fund. The 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at Irlam Primary School in Greater Manchester.
Madonna received a barrage of criticism from her gay fanbase today after posting a photograph of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and 'thanking' her for her service. The 56-year-old pop star posted the image of the Iron Lady on Instagram - before quickly deleting it just moments later after receiving dozens of abusive messages.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's wine goes on sale in Marks and Spencer. The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate, where they married in August last year after having purchased it for £41million in 2012. The wine has sold previously in the UK through specialist wine merchants but M&S is the first to offer it up on the High street.
Over-the-counter cough syrup costs £100m a year. Britons spend an astonishing £100 million a year on cough syrup – when a glass of honey and lemon could work just as well, according to a new BBC television investigation. It claims that branded painkillers that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using 'clever marketing' to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products.
Pet dog slashed across the head with a meat cleaver as he tried to protect his owners from armed robbers. Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, were jailed after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle taking. Cookie suffered serious injuries and had be sedated whilst he was given stitches and is now recovering at home.
Man dies after ride-on lawnmower he was using overturned into a pond. The man, who has been named locally as 62-year-old Richard Clements, is believed to have been mowing grass outside his property in Wattisham, Suffolk, when the machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him. His family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at the scene.
Teenager arrested on suspicion of murder after 18-year-old stabbed to death outside KFC in Birmingham. Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl which also left a 19-year old in a critical condition. Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing.
Professional skydiver Jessica Edgeington, 33, who has made more than 6,000 dives, dies after her chute apparently collides with another mid-air. Jessica Edgeinton, of Villa Rica, Georgia, was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping', where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition. She died after plummeting to the ground at the Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida. It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 peopleMcVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government,according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber's lead attorneyThe estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of TexasThe trove, which was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher did just that when they offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody The clip shows Adam and Matt, who choose not to give their full names, approach a busdriver and a 7-Eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys before going in search of a singer. It's then they happen upon a pleasant surprise.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was so desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm when she met her new man, Ryan, she tried to burn it off with acid. Six painful applications left Jessica's skin red raw and scabby - and the tattoo remained.
War hero pilot who survived 70 Luftwaffe skirmishes dies after being knocked down by hit-and-run driver. Doug Gregory, 92, had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station. The ex-Spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance.
Dad reveals daughter became hooked on cocaine and ecstasy after buying the drugs in the school playground. In an emotional open letter, he told how the ‘bright and beautiful’ GCSE pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine, ecstasy, methadone and ‘party drug’ meow meow. He said dealers made the drugs ‘incredibly cheap and available’ to hook their young customers.
Midwife Amanda Burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery – shutting off the blood supply from the placenta – was wrong. She contacted other medics, including obstetrician Dr David Hutchon, and together the group amassed evidence that stopping the blood flow so early could be harmful. They have finally succeeded in getting the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) to change its guidelines. NICE now states that doctors and midwives should not routinely clamp the cord ‘earlier than one minute from the birth of the baby’.
Chelsea Clinton finally reveals what happened to her once-curly hair. When Chelsea Clinton became the first daughter of the United States of America, she was just a twelve-year-old from Arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls. But over the years, as Chelsea has grown up into an intelligent and elegant woman, her curls quickly began to fade, appearing more and more controlled as the years wore on.
Christopher Stefanoni, a 50-year-old from Darien, a town of 21,000 with a median household income of $200,000, says his nine-year old was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing. The town has previously been investigated by the Justice Department over a policy which gave affordable housing priority to people who already lived and worked in Darien.
Gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in Peru's Cotahuasi Valley. Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing. Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha.
Teacher Stephanie Scott was last seen on Easter Sunday, which sparked a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on Friday - the day before Ms Scott's big day A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue 2km outside the tiny town of Eugowra, in New South Wales' central west region The grounds surrounding the premises were immaculate, and in the middle there was a hallway of trees that looked like an aisle. You could imagine guests chatting happily around the grounds.
Not all turtles can swim, said Florida wildlife officials this week after beachgoers tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean. There were at least three reports.
The gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after they held up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year. The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter and today dramatic footage has been released showing the car ramming two police vehicles as they tried to hide under a bridge. The footage then shows the gang jumping out of their stolen vehicle when they realise they were boxed in and shows them fleeing along the busy A45 on foot. The robbers can then be seen running across the busy motorway slip road as police give chase.
Wife of man stabbed to death in frenzied attack says she is too scared to leave home. Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic Ephraim Norman, 24, after getting off a bus close to his home in Croydon, south London, in April last year. The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the stranger pounced on him.
Mayor of Hartlepool sacked after he was given paid leave to attend funeral but visited a warship instead. Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior. Photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship, 323 miles from his patch.
Man, 35, shoots wife, 33, and another man, 25, before turning gun on himself in motel room. The York County Coroner's Office says 35-year-old Donnell Graham fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township early Sunday morning. The woman was found shot in the head while the other man had been killed by gunshots to the chest.
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. By harnessing the electrons generated by plants such as moss, he said he can create useful energy that could be used at home or elsewhere. By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock. And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
Woman jailed for stealing £1,500 from dying friend's bank account. Kathleen Bailey, 70, a church elder and avid charity fundraiser, was given power of attorney over her terminally ill 87-year-old friend's finances. Bailey later became a carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer and had no children.
15 Fortune 500 Companies Paid Zero Income Taxes in 2014. According to a new report, household names like CBS, General Electric and Mattel all successfully manipulated the U.S. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits. Even more shocking: some of them even received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions.
Polls suggest election will be too close to call. Nate Silver, who correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 US states in 2008, believes that neither Labour or the Tories will be unable to get enough support together for a majority government. David Cameron and Ed Miliband could find it almost impossible to secure enough support from other parties for a working majority – let alone rule on their own.
Middle school teacher attacked by one of her student's mothers and her 14-year-old niece. The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead. Police say the parent, Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher.
Ivana Chubbuck is the 'celebrity whisperer' who reduced Beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes. She is a part therapist and part acting coach, known as the 'Celebrity Whisperer', a woman whose astonishing skill in honing Hollywood talent made an icon out of a man who used to stand on street corners dressed as a chicken. Today, Brad Pitt is known the world over.
Baby horse mimics a dog as it rolls over and nuzzles with its handler on the ground. Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics.
Tom O'Carroll joins Hacked Off. A leading member of the notorious Paedophile Information Exchange, which campaigned to legalise child sex in the 1970s and 80s, has joined the supporters of the media pressure group. Tom O’Carroll, a former Open University information officer and formerly a key activist for PIE, attended a rally in the Houses of Parliament on February 25.
Crown Princess Mary of Denmark cuts a stylish figure as she attends remembrance ceremony in Denmark. The Tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of Aabenraa. The stylish royal wore an asymmetrical grey felt hat for the occasion.
Bobby Brown visits his daughter Bobbi Kristina in hospital. The daughter of Whitney Houston was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31 - so she could be provided with long term care.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won the men's race with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition's 119th race. Thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp Monday morning route where well-wishers drew 'Boston Strong' in chalk on the pavement to remember the three dead and more than 260 injured in the attack near the finish line two years ago.
Google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates. Many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website. Google Politics tweeted about former first lady and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's announcement that she is seeking the presidency.
Woman, 20, nearly drowns after falling from a punt in Cambridge. As the sun made its long-awaited appearance, a woman believed to be in her 20s, had to be rescued from the River Cam, Cambridge, after almost drowning while punting. The tourist, who was standing up on the punt ferrying three friends, is believed to have fallen into the freezing water after her vessel hit another boat in the university city. She was bundled into her rescuers’ punt by her friends and could be seen holding her head in her hands.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the rough Hudson River near Newburgh with Angelika Graswald when he was thrown in on Sunday evening. She managed to make it out of the water and call 911.
Oklahoma City bombing 20 years on: Mother of 19 toddlers killed in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen. Baylee Almon should be gearing up for her first legal drink on Saturday. Probably at college, probably able to drive, she should be toasting the next phase of her life with her mother, stepfather, brother, sister and cousins at home in leafy Choctaw, Oklahoma. But no, she was one of 19 toddler killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, the day after her first birthday.
Asbaby, the savage swan known for terrorising punters and kayakers on the River Cam, is now believed to have a grandson following in his footsteps. The savage Swan nicknamed Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of the Cambridge river. Mr Asbo, the swan believed to be his grandfather, was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities after repeatedly attacking rowers.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on from Washington after seven years of acting as the first lady's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks. All except some of the famously fit first lady’s more intensive workout regimes.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' has a sad tale, standing incomplete and abandoned, looking out of place in the vast, barren landscape. Believed to be constructed in the first century A.D. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes, linking the north and south of the Arabian peninsula, the mysterious monument was never finished. Despite its misleading name, the fascinating four-storey monument was actually used as a tomb.
Margo Leadbetter backs David Cameron to deliver The Good Life to Britain. Sheila Elkan, who lives in the house that featured as the Leadbetters' home in the classic 1970s TV series, backed David Cameron today after he launched his 'Good Life' manifesto. 'I think Cameron is the best man to give the Good Life.'
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. Today, the unnamed Seattle Airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it hadn't been for the passengers' bags.
Rik Mayall failed to leave a valid will to deal with his £1.2m estate, which experts say could leave his family with a large inheritance tax bill. Mayall, who played scheming Tory MP Alan B’Stard in ITV series The New Statesman, and a host of other comedy characters, died suddenly aged 56 last June. But probate records reveal he had no will – even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998.
Family of teen who should have died after overdosing on heroin and Xanax shares photo of him in hospital. Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in early March. His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state.
Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children due to their personal beliefs may soon be fully blocked from accessing welfare payments and childcare subsidies. Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms that the government is actively researching possible legislation changes, as conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits.
Pennyhill Park in Bagshot, Surrey. With a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, a two Michelin-star restaurant and eight swimming pools, it's no wonder celebrities flock to the award-winning Pennyhill Park. Nestled in the pretty Surrey countryside in Bagshot, the luxury spa and hotel has attracted so many famous names since it opened, it looks like a who’s who of the celebrity world.
Richie Benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. The 84-year-old talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour.
Florida woman starved 96-year-old man until he resembled a concentration camp prisoner and fed him dog excrement. Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs.
Autistic boy Luke Shambrook reunited with his family after four nights in bushland. The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at Lake Eildon National Park - north-east of Melbourne. He was suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia.
A third of men have never picked up a bucket and a chamois leather to wash their own car. It used to be as much a part of a Sunday routine as eating a roast dinner or reading the papers. But new figures show that the art of washing your own car appears to be dying out in Britain.
Women Women are more reluctant than men to do something harmful in the short-term to secure a better result in the long term, according to a new study. A group of men and women were asked whether they would kill a young Hitler (pictured above aged 25) to prevent WWII.
Adrian Peterson is back in the National Football League. It was announced today that starting Friday, Peterson would be able to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings.
Britain's most prolific thief jailed for 190th time. Robert Knowles, 68, from Plymouth, Devon, is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959. He pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth £50 from H Samuel in the city centre at Plymouth Magistrates Court in his most recent offence and jailed for 16 weeks.
Why being hairy may be good for you. Shaving, waxing, plucking - many of us spend hours getting rid of body hair. But this week, singer Miley Cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved.
Hospital has delayed kidney transplant surgery after a fundraising effort on behalf of donor to cover his time off work and expenses raised so much money it is now an 'ethical issue'. Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work.
Russia is considering bailing out Greece in exchange for the country’s ‘assets’, it was reported last night. Kommersant newspaper quoted an anonymous Russian government source last night saying that lines of credit were being offered.
Roxy Walsh, 34, met with the ecstatic owners, Joe and Jenny Langley, in Noosa, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast, on Sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching. 'In my mind I thought I'd be going to New York or Italy or somewhere... Instead I ended up just driving myself three hours to Noosa,' Ms Walsh told Daily Mail Australia. 'So I thought, this can go further, and it did.'.
India boy whose head hangs at 180-degree angle would rather die than continue to suffer. Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, from Madhya Pradesh in central India, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body. His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position.
Woman, 41, left coughing up blood after accidentally inhaling earring into her lungs. The 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the New Year when she started to wheeze. Worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities, she reached into her bag for her inhaler.
French television network has been hacked by people claiming allegiance to ISIS, forcing it to broadcast only pre-recorded programmes. The hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning.
Life expectancy for older women has fallen after decades of rises as unhealthy lifestyles and cuts to social care take their toll. The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012 – the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded.
Margaret Bates, 60, from Mottram, Tameside, said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed Smith when she first met him. Over three barbaric weeks, Smith burnt Kelly-Anne with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes.
Pole with convictions for violence was on his way to Britain from Calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her, it emerged today. Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of Chloe, yesterday afternoon in France 'while drunk'.
Afghanistan's first female pilot to serve in the air force since the fall of the Taliban has been honoured with the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award. Niloofar Rahmani, 23, has defied death threats from the terror group and even members of her own extended family to become the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history and the first Afghan pilot to fly a C-208 military cargo aircraft.
Japanese women are using ribbons to give cleavage a boost A trend in Japan has seen women tying a blue ribbon under the breasts and in a loop over the arms, tying them at the back, so every time they lift their arms, their curves become more prominent The idea was inspired by a popular 'anime' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature.
Princess Eugenie looks glamorous at Tribeca Film Festival. The 25-year-old royal, who has been living in the US for a year now, looked glamorous as she arrived at the For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York City on Thursday. She may have been showcasing some serious hipster style on the streets of New York in recent weeks, but Princess Eugenie proves she can dress to impress too. The royal looked glamorous in a chic white dress with gold embellishment and matching clutch bag and shoes.
Ian Gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among U.S. safari enthusiasts. On Wednesday, he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in Zimbabwe's Zambezi Valley when the animal charged, and knelt on Gibson until he died.
German body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald spends hours painting his model so she blends in with her surroundings. The amazing illusion is the work of a German body painter who spent hours painting her so she would blend in with the surroundings. It looks like an ordinary forest, with moss climbing up the walls and brown leaves covering the floor. But if you look closely, you will see that this picture is not all it seems. For the peaceful scene actually features a carefully painted female model.
Fast and The Furious-style crooks who stole £160,000 worth of luxury cars from homes across four counties jailed. Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 properties over four months at the end of last year while the owners were asleep in bed. But after the duo left their DNA at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested.
June Whitfield joins EastEnders as nun. The 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week as Sister Ruth. Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallace's character Kat Moon, who is suicidal.
Children of the 1970s and 1980s will likely remember the chunky, plastic Fisher-Price magnets that adorned fridges in family homes. The popular toys were designed to help teach children to read and spell. But for some people, they had another unintended consequence; the magnets forever changed the colours that people would associate with letters.
'Dad was a f**king **hole to do that to his family'. The man whose father married Tippi Hedren and who spent years living with Melanie Griffith as her stepbrother is opening up about the infamous lion film the two made with their parents, Roar. They worked, and lived, with lions for the 11 years they made the film.
Size 24 woman who spent years gorging on discounted snacks on the supermarket she works at loses seven stone after ditching the habit. Leanne Kenny, 23, from Northwich, Cheshire, reached almost 20 stone after repeatedly taking home end-of-the-line discounted junk food. The supermarket worker would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks going cheap because of their sell-by dates.
Girl, 16, who survived axe attack that claimed the lives of three of her family, has absolutely no recollection of the horrific incident. Marli van Breda, who used to live with her family in Perth, Western Australia, was released from hospital last month after she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed during an attack in January. The attack took place in her family's South African home on January 27 and Marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia.
Campaigners are calling for the government to implement an almost 90-year-old law that would fix the date of Easter in a bid to boost the economy. In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April.
Housing association tenants paying cheap rent to live in homes worth millions could get the chance to buy them at discounted prices under new right-to-buy plans. A number of people are currently paying around £150 a week to rent flats in exclusive parts of Mayfair and Covent Garden in London which are owned by housing associations and are now worth several million. Many of them were built years ago in areas which have now become expensive and are worth millions of pounds. This enables tenants to occupy properties worth at least £1million for cheap rents, and many tenancies go unreviewed if circumstances change. However the value of the
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq, but declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS. 'I think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to ensure that Iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission.'
House Of Cards: How to kill your enemies in the US capital. America’s capital is filled with Underwood wannabes: senators and governors with razor tongues and egos to match. The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots.
David Cameron: A million people will be able to realise the dream of home ownership by 2020. David Cameron said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages. The Prime Minister said the 'greatest sunshine that there can possibly be' included helping more people but their own home, as well as getting a job and having dignity in retirement.
Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's SOHO nightclub on May 12, 2013. A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on the club's Facebook page on April 3.
Jake Jake Shaw, 21, died after falling from the upper floor of the Scout centre in the Swiss Alps where he had been volunteering as a climbing instructor. He was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later.
Mummy-of-twins who posted pictures of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on Instagram to inspire others is banned. Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn in West Lothian, uploaded the snaps in a bid to boost her confidence and told her followers: 'Nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful'. But only two minutes later, the mum of twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence'.
Texas highway thrown into chaos when door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open, causing money to spill onto the road. Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash.
Cairo train station cat freed after five years. Biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010 - but then soon became to big to escape. He survived thanks to an elderly man named Uncle Abdo, who gave the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food every day.
Gypsy Weddings star Chantelle Doherty jailed for two years after she and accomplice preyed on elderly people in their homes in 'cruel and heinous raids'. The niece of My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding and Celebrity Big Brother star Paddy Doherty was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man where she bluffed her way in and stole several bottles of whisky. Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work.
Audrie Pott, 15, killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party. She awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body.
Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome. Binh and Phouc Wagner of Kingston, Ontario were adopted by Michael and Johanne Wagner around a year and a half ago from Vietnam. The twins suffer from a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life.
Second 18-year-old arrested on suspicion of murder after teenager stabbed to death outside KFC. Sheriff Mybe Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds in a scuffle outside the restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham on Friday afternoon. Police were called to Bristol Road South in Birmingham just before 5pm on Friday to reports of a stabbing outside a KFC restaurant. Officers found a 19 year old man who has also suffered serious stab wounds being treated by customers at a nearby barbershop.
Dante de Blasio, the son of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has been accepted into several top colleges including Ivy League universities Yale and Brown, sources close to Gracie Mansion said. The mayor's son, who is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School will make his decision by the end of the month, leaving de Blasio in a situation familiar to millions across the country.
Bookkeeper sacked after calling her boss 'a complete d***'. Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold.
Scientists found that the anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis (MS). In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease.
Nasa has released incredible point-of-view footage taken by astronauts on spacewalks of the International Space Station. Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalk.
Retretrosweat.com. While pounding on the treadmill day in and day out may work for some people, for others it is a torturous task that makes exercise nearly impossible to enjoy.
Nigel Nigel Farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the General Election and is now targeting just ten, it can be revealed. Ukip, which will today unveil its manifesto, has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls.
Fraudster Justin Jackson accused of posing as Oprah Winfrey, Reggie Love and Madonna's manager. Justin Jackson, a Florida man, has been carrying out the bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on the freebies, or winning himself a job in luxurious hotels, according to court documents. Jackson is being sued by Oprah's TV network as well as Love - the college basketball star who went on to be the President's personal assistant.
World's largest collection of Pokemon memorabilia. Many people long to win the lottery and enjoy the trappings of wealth. But for one woman, securing a job at the Pokemon Centre would be her dream come true.
Nasa maps reveal the moon's varied surface. From deep craters to basaltic plains, the varied surface of the moon has been revealed in stunning detail by the US Geological Survey. The two sets of maps, compiled by cartographer Trent Hare, include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years.
Lib Dem MP Maajid Nawaz filmed repeatedly trying to touch a naked lap dancer. Married father-of-one asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east London. Footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate – who calls himself an advocate of women's rights – attempting to touch her arms and thighs, which is against the venue's policy.
Boy, 5, pelts Israeli police with stones during West Bank protest. Barely out of nappies, this five-year-old boy was not the most likely candidate to take on six heavily armed troops. But that did not stop the Palestinian youngster, dressed in full combat gear, from attempting to pelt Israeli police.
Ex Ex-Bolton Wanderers forward Delroy Facey, 34, is also alleged to have told a contact that some Football Conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment. He is accused of conspiring with non-league player Moses Swaibu and others to commit bribery.
White supremacist with a split tongue and 'Satan' tattooed on his face sentenced to life in prison for stabbing black man to death. David Adam Pate from Lancaster, North Carolina, told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old Ricky James 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in November 2013. He was already in jail at the time.
Siblings will no longer be given priority for school places amid soaring competition because of a booming population, it has emerged. Wandsworth council in London has announced that it is set to remove the rule giving an automatic place to a pupil's brothers and sisters even if the family has moved out of the catchment area. This comes after it was revealed that 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school, with more than 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices.
Killer seals spotted off the British coast. On four separate occasions, grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. The behaviour has left marine biologists baffled as to why the seals, which normally hunt smaller fish, have turned to attacking the torpedo-shaped sharks.
New York couple's battle over baby name becomes so unbearable that they ask random members of the public to help them reach a decision. Kseniya Soukeras, who is due in August, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father. Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father.
Former Utah State University frat president charged with sexual assault. Ryan Wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last October and his March 24 arrest. Wray was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at parties at the off-campus frat house.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, was sentenced to life in prison on Monday after shooting dead Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon, 39, because they were related to a driver who killed his nine-year-old sister in a crash 45 years ago. He shot them both in 'execution-style' killings to avenge his sister's death - despite neither victim having had anything to do with the car crash that claimed the life of his sibling.
The Wakē alarm clock rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound. The wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner. It uses a white LED to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper’s face to gently wake them up, with the aim of making them feel alert faster. Instead of relying on cameras, the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat. It also has built in rechargeable batteries and a Wi-Fi connected processor so
Trillions of pounds worth of oil - as much as the entire North Sea fields - lies beneath an area of England dubbed 'Britain's Dallas'. Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties. The potential goldmine in the Weald Basin, across Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent, could meet up to a third of Britain's oil demand within 15 years.
Nine-year-old Yazidi girl is pregnant after suffering horrific sexual abuse at the hands of Isis militants in northern Iraq, aid workers report. The girl has recently been released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the Islamic State, where women and young girls from the religious minority are known to be kept as'sex slaves'. Earlier this week, more than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq.
Mysterious benefactor sends £1.5m to Bath Abbey in plain brown envelope. The donor, who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named, sent the money along with a note, saying they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years'. The cash will be put towards the Abbey's restoration fund, which is aiming to raise £20million to repair the collapsing floor, fit heating powered by the Bath springs, and expand the building.
Amy Hughes breaks world record in 53 marathons in 53 days. Super-fit Amy Hughes, 26, decided to take on the incredible challenge to raise money for a friend’s daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour. The sports therapist started her first marathon in Chester on August 6 and completed her 53rd consecutive run in Manchester on September 27.
A British safari is as reliable as a wild thing can be. You don’t need to go to the African savannahs or the Amazonian rainforests to find wild life -Newcastle on a Friday will do perfectly well. But if it’s real wild life you’re after, then a British safaris is extraordinarily rewarding. So here are a few suggestions.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis. A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013.
Missing Sydney woman Jessica Bialek returns home. The 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30am on Wednesday morning. She returned to her home near Sydney on Thursday evening, and is'safe and well' with loved ones. 'Jessica is safe and at home. Found.
Ryan Reaves calmly digs around his mouth until he grabs the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer After being checked face-first into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook, Reaves went to the bench and pulled out his own tooth. It eventually fell into his hand and he gave it to a team trainer.
Mums really do bloom - for being pregnant has a'rejuvenating effect' on women, according to new scientific research. And for older women it could help them feel young again, almost literally, as pregnancy helps regenerate tissue and slow down the ageing process, it added. Appearing to bloom is not just a cosmetic side effect of carrying a child, said medical experts for the journal Fertility and Sterility but an actual physical process.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names by the UN's World Meteorological Organization, a WMO spokeswoman announced on Friday. The WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group.
Kathy Hughes, 12, says she is 'downright proud' of her father who landed his gyrocopter on the U.S. Capitol lawn to protest corruption in Congress. Her father, 61-year-old Doug Hughes, landed the aircraft on the West Lawn last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody. He is now under house arrest.
Mum-of-three who gained 12 stone after getting married who hid treats in medicine cabinet has slimmed down to her pre-wedding weight. Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, underwent surgery after ballooning to 23 stone after tying the knot with Stefan in 1993. She wore a size 26 to size 28.
Rape and other forms of sexual violence committed during an armed conflict violate the laws of war. A 12-year-old girl was tied up, beaten and raped for by seven ISIS different fighters when she was kidnapped from her home in the Iraq region of Yazidi, a shocking new report has revealed. The suffering of Jalila - whose name has been changed - is just one of a number of harrowing accounts given by women who have escaped captured by the brutal Islamist organisation which is taking over swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq. The study undertaken by Human Rights Watch found fighters were kidnapping women and children as young as eight
New species of glass frog has translucent skin so you can see its insides. The creature, named Hyalinobatrachium dianae, was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call. While most of its body is a brilliant lime green, the skin on its underside is see-though, making its organs easily visible.
Teacher Stephanie Scott, 26, goes missing just days before she was due to marry her partner of five years. Stephanie Scott was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, on Easter Sunday afternoon, her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley told Fairfax. 'Police hold concerns for Ms Scott's welfare as her disappearance is reported to be out of character.'.
UFO map reveals every official sighting of a UFO over the past 76 years. A map shows sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years – and seems to suggest we have more cosmic visitors than ever. The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB.
HSBC is consistently in the top five and is expected to trigger a flood of rate cuts by other banks and building societies. Fifteen lenders had already cut rates across their ranges in the past week, but more are likely to follow now HSBC has set a new benchmark.
Blue Peter's'spy school' winners visit MI5 HQ. Jamie, 13, Reuben, 13 and ten-year-old Finley were selected after a series of 'difficult' tests to show they are young spies in the making. Codenamed Project Petra, the initiative was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside the MI5 building. The children even got to attend a meeting with the security service’s director-general Andrew Parker.
Mother-of-two battles cancer nine times in seven years despite having her breasts and ovaries removed to try and prevent the disease. Emma Hannigan was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty BRCA1 gene, which increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent, and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent. She opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year, to reduce her risk. But despite the drastic surgery, she received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer.
YouTuber Dave Hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers, and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work. The innovative Mr Hax, whose YouTube channel demonstrates various life hacks, devised the simple kitchen method which results in perfectly peeled potatoes. Start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade carefully around the middle of the potato.
Tennessee teen on trial for murder says he killed his mother with a sledgehammer because she knew he had been raped by his older brother and did nothing about it. Zachary Davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh. On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how Davis, now 17, laughed as he murdered his mother Melanie Davis in August 2012.
Woman pregnant with triplets after being told she was infertile. Nadine Crooks, 33, who lives in Smethwick, West Midlands, was stunned to discover she was expecting again as doctors told her she was infertile after she had her fourth child. She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome.
Endangered bears kept in cramped metal cages on bile farms in Vietnam are dying at a rate of two a day, a MailOnline investigation has found. More than 700 Asiatic black bears, over a third of those held in captivity in Vietnam, have allegedly been butchered in the past year alone – with up to four bears inexplicably killed in one day on some farms. Farmers claim the extinction-threatened bears are dying from disease and old age – but sources say owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood' and selling their body parts to make Chinese medicine.
Anti-Gay protesters wear flannel shirts to school and write 'Anti-Gay' on their hands. The organizers of the homophobic protest at McGuffey High School in Washington County encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school. The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters.
Californians are taking extreme measures to conserve water in the face of the state's historic drought. Water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water.'
Battle of Britain fighter pilot's teddy bear goes on sale for £10,000. Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain from the aerial onslaught from Hitler's Luftwaffe. He was known as one of 'The Few', which comes from Winston Churchill's famous phrase: 'Never, in the field of human conflict, was so much owed by so many to so few.'.
Ed Sheeran surprises Jess Knight in hospital. The British singer, who is currently touring New Zealand, took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday in Auckland Hospital. An ecstatic Ms Knight said she 'couldn't stop smiling' following the memorable visit.
Treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of Kauai 191 years ago. Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the ship owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho, the second king of Hawaii. 'We found gold, silver, Hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones, a boat whistle, knives, forks, mica, things from all over the world,' Rogers said.
Star Wars: BB-8, the robot that will join R2-D2 in the forthcoming Star Wars film - The Force Awakens - is very much real. It may look like CGI in the trailer, but the droid that stars in the eagerly anticipated film - Star Wars: The Force Awakens – is very real. The robot took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, where it literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body.
Former head of the NHS warned Labour yesterday that its failure to match Tory pledges to invest in the Health Service would leave it in a ‘financial hole’. He was branded the ‘Man with No Shame’ after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking. The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men.
Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau reveal how their relationship became sexual when he was just 12 years old. Former teacher Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her student-turned husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with Barbara Walters for '20/20', which will air tonight. The couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when letourneau was in her second grade class in Seattle. She then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at Florida's St Mark Missionary Baptist Church; 'My name is Davion and I've been in foster care since I was born. I know God hasn't given up on me, so I'm not giving up either.'.
Vitamin E can protect immune cells from oxidative stress. After a heavy night of drinking, your immune system is bound to be weaker. Now, for the first time, researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells.
New weight loss app Visualize You calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount of weight. Visual Health Studios in Colorado has developed a weight-loss app called 'Visualize You' that calculates what a slimmer version of yourself looks like after losing a specified weight. It allows you to enter your current height and weight and your target weight, giving you flexibility over how ambitious you want to be.
Hillary Clinton's Scooby van stops in Iowa. Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea. And at Tuesday's stop people actually recognized her.
Islamic teachers accused of repeatedly beating ten-year-old boy for wrongly reciting the Koran. Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster at the UK Islamic Mission's Jamia Mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham. The boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque between May 1 and June 13 last year.
Titanic's owners ask for £20,000 to return officer's body to England 103 years on. The letter, dated May 7, 1912, was sent from White Star Lines to Christopher Moody, the brother of 24-year-old officer James Moody, who died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage. In it, company bosses demand £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to have Mr Moody's remains sent to his home in Scarborough, and state that Christopher Moody will have to pick up the tab.
Woman's missing wedding ring turns up in family dog's excrement. Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. When she lost it, she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it. She contacted the Facebook user, Bob Potrzuski, and sure enough it was hers.
Missouri woman who finished a St. Louis marathon third last year and was the female winner of it this year is being stripped of the title after officials concluded she didn't run the full course either year Kendall Schler (pictured) crept onto the GO!
Ben Fogle’s family holiday in the Algarve. The high-end resort, which opened in 2010, is renowned as being one of the best in the area for a luxury family holiday. The beautiful Martinhal is a hit with families - and TV stars such as Ben. The resort boasts a stunning swimming pool surrounded by decking - and close to a restaurant.
Alabama college athlete and classmate charged with sexual assault. Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month. The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair. The unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident.
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface. The distance from the sun is given in AU, which stands for Astronomical Unit - and one AU is the distance from Earth to the sun.
Marisa Curlen, 20, found dead in her dormitory room at James Madison University in Virginia from apparent alcohol poisoning. The 20-year-old was a sophomore at the Harrisonburg college and a member of the Alpha Phi sorority. Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play.
Crist Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside. The sequence of events leading up to the successful sting began on Tuesday when the truck was stolen from Coria's driveway.
Hungarian man has been convicted of luring young, gay Eastern European men to the United States for a horrific life of sex slavery. Andras Janos Vass, 25, was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering felonies this week after grooming fellow Hungarians online then keeping them captive in New York City and Miami.
ISIS forces intensified their offensive on the Iraqi city. According to Iraqi officials, ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded.
Global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change. But within the US, opinions on global warming vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts. People in California, for instance, are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central US. Click on the interactive map below to find out which regions think global warming is happening.
South Africa: Four South African Men Accused Of Stabbing Mozambican Man To Death. The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench.
Drone sighting causes disruption at Manchester Airport. Manchester Airport was forced to temporarily suspend flights today after a drone was reported buzzing around the area, causing disruption for hundreds of travellers. All flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the potential drone sighting.
Ana Anaesthetic gases used to send patients to sleep during surgery are accumulating in the Earth's atmosphere where they are contributing to climate change. Scientists say they have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica and concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade.
Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year, according to a new report. Activists in the Missouri suburb, protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries'.
'arousing words' affect parts of the brain concerned with emotion. The Harry Potter books have sold more than 450 million copies and its success may lie in the use of words used - rather than the texts as a whole.
David Cameron's desperate attempts to appear cool have failed to impress his children. The Prime Minister has revealed eldest daughter Nancy has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy, the embarrassing dad from US hit sitcom Modern Family.
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in decades. The state, which supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93billion(£3.3bn) almond market, is in its fourth year of drought. Despite the ongoing drought, almond growers, who require a gallon of water to produce a single nut, are still planting trees. The industry's growth is being driven by the public's clamour for a food with benefits for the heart, the bones and metabolism.
YouTube Kids app targets young children with unfair and deceptive advertising and should be investigated, a group of consumer advocates told the Federal Trade Commission in a letter Tuesday. Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content.' But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials. One example is a 7-minute video of Disney's 'Frozen' characters who appear as dolls inside a toy McDonald's, eating ice cream and drinking Sprite.
Train conductor Graham Palmer delivers safety announcements over the Tanny in the form of poetry. Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since last year.
Texas Health Resources denies negligence in nurse's Ebola lawsuit. A hospital operator has denied allegations of poor training and improper preparation in seeking dismissal of a lawsuit by a nurse who contracted Ebola while caring for the first U.S. patient to die from the deadly disease.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, and Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, met in-person at Price's Olivette home. When Price gave birth at Homer G. Phillips Hospital so many years ago, she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died. But Gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family.
Thabo Sefolosha blames NYPD for breaking his leg in New York. US basketball star Thabo Sefolosa blamed six officers from the New York Police Department (NYPD) for breaking his leg after they forced him to the ground and arrested him. The Atlanta Hawks player made the statement through his club's Twitter account, saying that his injury had left him in 'great pain' and 'was caused by the police'. The 6'7'' swingman was wrestled over by officers and grabbed around the neck last week.
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected as scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket. The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor. The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters.
Italian bio-designers MHOX has unveiled project is has been working on to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease. It could mean rather than getting glasses to correct their vision, people would be able to replace their entire eye. The team behind MHOX say their synthetic eyes, which include lenses that improves the image sharpness and can put filters over the vision, could be available by 2027. They say it could also include a gland that can filter the visual signal to the brain by producing vintage or black and white effects much like a modern camera.
Stephen King's hit novel series The Dark Tower is on its way to big and small screens near you. The revered writer slammed Warner Brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and TV mini-series.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday. She tearfully told WPXI that she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly.
Young fisherman in Thailand reels in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod. Captured standing on the bank of what appears to be a lake, the youngster – with a big grin on his face – holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. Approaching the water, the young boy reels rapidly, but at this point it isn't clear whether or not he has hooked anything.
Parents use their back gardens to punish naughty children. Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children and many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius. Parents often struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh. One Reddit user's mother used her son's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house.
Teacher Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, controversially had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison. She has now been suspended without pay, pending an investigation.
Doggy wedding sees 40 pooches tie the knot in Beijing park. A mass doggy wedding saw more than 40 pooches, complete with tulle wedding dresses and celebrity guests, tie the knot in a park in Beijing on Sunday. The collective ceremony, which was billed the first of its kind to be held in China, was organised by a new social media app designed for pets.
Ed Balls opens door to tax raid on businesses. Ed Balls yesterday opened the door to a tax raid. The shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax.
Alice in Wonderland themed house in Brighton. The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets, Queen of Heart themed bunk beds, or alternatively try the snug Looking Glass Cottage with décor inspired by the fantasy story. Every inch of the house is creatively designed to reflect the fantastical story. The dining room comes ready prepared with teapots, cups and saucers - thankfully without the addition of a dormouse.
Bali Nine drug smugglers could deter Australians from holidaying in Indonesia. An Indonesia expert says Australian tourists are more worried about a proposed booze ban there than the execution of the Bali 9 pair, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan. The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year, with more arriving than any other nationality.
Cleopatra was known for her love of perfume, liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip. 'We know she made her own perfumes and would certainly have worn it to increase her powers of seduction,' says Mandy Aftel, perfume historian and author of Fragrant: The Secret Life Of Scent.
Morrissey has once again weighed into Australian animal rights issues. The singer, who will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the Sydney Vivid Live festival in May, has written a public letter to The Just Group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool.
Barbie Barbie's style-centric Instagram account, @BarbieStyle, is painstakingly planned - and now has three quarters of a million followers. Racked recently got the behind-the-scenes scoop on all the outfit changes, international trips, and VIP invites that go into producing Barbie's hugely popular page.
Ophelia Conant left hanging by her neck as she tried to climb out of her cot. The furniture boss who supplied the beds, Phillip Dickens, who was described as the 'king of DIY' was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence. Ophelía Conant had managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot at her home in Holmer Green, Buckinghamshire, but was left hanging mid air by her head. The 19-month-old was only saved when her mother, Louise Conant, happened to be watching the incident unfold on a baby monitor.
Grand Grand Rapids, Michigan woman Jalin Smith-Walker is wanted by police after video emerged this week, showing her run over a rival in a street fight. Monday evening's incident was captured on video by a bystander who uploaded the shocking clip to the website World Star Hip Hop.
Bulgarian housekeeper's son Stefan Stoykov, 18, is accepted into all eight Ivy League schools. The son of a housekeeper moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of English. Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet – and admits he can hardly believe it. He moved from Nigeria to Long Island at the age of eight, got a 2270 on his SATs and also has plans to be a neurosurgeon.
Loneliness is often associated with elderly people who may have lost their partner or feel isolated because they're less mobile. But a new report released today reveals that it is in fact younger people who feel more lonely than older generations. The survey, funded by the Big Lottery, found that more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader – claiming he is a 'backstabber' who cannot be trusted not to sell out in a 'grubby' deal with the SNP. Business and skills minister Nick Boles, a close ally of David Cameron, went further, claiming the Russian president would be pleased to see Mr Miliband enter Downing Street propped up by SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon. 'Ask yourself this. Who does Vladimir Putin want to see running Britain after May 7?'
70,000 sign petition demanding McDonald's remove spikes that deter homeless from sleeping outside one of its restaurants. The fast food giant has caused fury after installing metal studs outside its branch in Leeds city centre, which critics say are there to stop people sleeping rough. But critics say they have been put in because they are uncomfortable to sleep on.
Mother and daughter reunited after car crash that saw three children die. Aluel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children's about 5.15pm on Friday, and greeted her distraught mother, Akon Goode, with a 'big hug', her father said. 'She didn't believe that her mum was still alive.'
Uber drivers in Oklahoma now have a right to refuse gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender customers who use the ride-sharing app. Initially, the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
How to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers - and they need not cost thousands. This beautiful garden at 115 Jersey Road in Woollahra immediately catches the eye.
Jo Burston's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusual circumstances for her first business Job Capital - a leading technology services firm that handles payroll services, migration, salary packaging and contract-management and turned over $40 million in its first four years. The award-winning tech entrepreneur has now started eight companies, and last year caught the attention of Richard Branson while staying on his private retreat Necker Island. 'He laughed and said "who the hell are you?!" Six weeks later I started Job Capitol and he became my first investor and mentor.'
Philip Hammond pledged to protect the Falklands from 'Argentinian bullying' last night as the country began legal action against British companies exploring for oil off the islands. It follows a provocative speech by Argentinian president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, prompting the Foreign Office to summon her ambassador for a dressing down.
Anti-smoking advert draws anger of 19-year-old student who uses an ostomy bag. Hattie Gladwell, who is English, writes on her MoreThanYourBag.com blog that the ad 'came as a complete shock' and left her feeling angry and disgusted. She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned.
John Frost: Anything To Declare. by John Frost. (Constable £8.99) Stopped by Customs officers, Oscar Wilde notoriously said he had nothing to declare but his genius. Other passengers try to sneak through the red and green channels considerably more heavily laden.
Karen Buckley, 24, disappeared from the Glasgow club in the early hours of Sunday morning without collecting her coat after telling friends she was going to the loo. CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in nearby Kelvindale.
Jobless Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland in Tyne and Wear, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers - and is estimated to cost the taxpayer over £2million. He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother.
Mystery man found in Gniezno with no memory of who he is or where he is from. Polish police are asking for help identifying a mystery man claiming to have suffered memory loss and only speaks English. The man, found on the streets in western Poland in February, told police that he has no idea why he is in Poland or how he got here.
Freddie Gray, 27, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that's being kept'secret' according to his lawyer. Gray was placed in restraints in the van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer months after she moved in to his £615,000 flat. He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years.
Robin Esser, who has worked in national newspapers for 60 years, is no exception. His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express.
The weirdest official - and unofficial - political collectibles. With the 2015 general election just over two weeks away, it's natural to expect flyers, bumper stickers and perhaps even the odd car flag to pop up across the nation. However, you might be more surprised to see shot glasses emblazoned with David Cameron's face.
Waleed Aly apologises for'stuff up' on The Project. Channel Ten show The Project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong African-American comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show, Saturday Night Live star Michael Che. The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che when they accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah. The awkward mistake was spotted by Hussain, a stand-up comedian of Sri Lankan descent, who lightheartedly tweeted on Thursday morning: 'Well, we are kinda the same person...' The error sparked a widespread response, with social media users posting
EasyJet has been charging stranded customers a £10 fee for proof that their flight was cancelled. The charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month.
Police response times in some areas have been increased by up to 50 per cent because of funding cuts. The number of police officers across England and Wales has fallen by 17,000 since 2009 with several forces planning even more extreme reductions. The Metropolitan Police is one of the only forces in the country which has been able to keep front-line officer numbers at earlier levels.
Robert Ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers. He allegedly rang police anonymously less than a fortnight before she went missing to tell officers that a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep having been thrown out by her father.
Exmouth whale found washed up on WA beach. The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach, at the tip of the state's North West Cape, after Tropical Cyclone Olwyn tore through the area last month. It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia.
Kate Middleton's pregnancy wardrobe: From Hobbs to Séraphine and ASOS. She's just days away from giving birth but, as ever, the Duchess of Cambridge refused to let her style icon status slip during her second pregnancy. Rather than swaddling her growing bump under baggy dresses, the 33-year-old dressed to impress every time she stepped out.
Taxi driver returns £10,000 bag a passenger left in his car. Mohammed Nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle in a rush, forgetting his rucksack. He had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance.
Submarines for the super rich. 'If you can find my submarine, it's yours,' Russian oil billionaire Roman Abramovich once said. And it seems the oligarch and Chelsea FC owner, whose submarine is just one of the extras that came with his £300million superyacht Eclipse (perfect for getting to shore undetected), is not the only wealthy businessman splashing out on underwater exploration.
Teacher Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. During her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?'
Harriet Harman admits motorists could be hit with a hike in fuel duty if Labour gets into power. The deputy Labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares. Asked if the party would raise the levy on petrol, she told LBC Radio: ‘We rule out increasing VAT, the basic or the higher rate of tax.
Make-up robot takes the effort out of applying make-up - by doing it for you. Austrian designers, Maya Pindeus, 24, and Johanna Pichlbauer, 25, have created a robot that takes the time out of making your face look good. The device applies eyeliner with a long black brush, while an attachment smears lipstick on lips, before lighting up when the process is complete. Women were then filmed testing the machine for the two University of Vienna students' art project entitled Beautification.
Man accused of attacking husband and wife on cruise ship. Graeme Finlay, 53, says he was 'ignored' when he joined their table and so moved to another after looking at the menu. He claims Mr Phillips, 70, later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation but the couple say they were ambushed.
Dave Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks. The super-fit father-of-three, known affectionately by his friends as 'Blind Dave', took part in the Marathon des Sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees.
NHS bosses were signing off their own pay rises and taking advantage of loopholes in the ‘exceptionally generous’ NHS pension scheme. The Mail’s revelations sparked outrage last night with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev: Family of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard write op-ed opposing death penalty for convicted terrorist. In a moving Op-ed for the Boston Globe, published just a day after the two-year anniversary of their son Martin's death, the Richards have asked that Tsarnaev be spared the death penalty so that they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives. Bill and Denise Richard, who lost their 8-year-old son and permanently maimed their daughter, do not want to see him executed. They say sentencing Tsarnaev to death will only bring continued pain for themselves and the
Gemma Collins shows off her latest collection for Evans. The 34-year-old star of The Only Way Is Essex has launched her updated fashion range for plus-size retailer Evans. She showcased the collection this evening at one of the high street chain's flagship stores in Manchester.
Indiana has seen a'significant increase' in the number of cases of HIV more than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by Gov. Mike Pence, state health officials said on Friday.
German tourist survives night in national park. A German tourist, who had been missing for almost 24 hours after her car was discovered abandoned on the side of the road, has been found after surviving the night in a national park. Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday.
Sex toy found in ancient toilet in Poland. The eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in the coastal city of Gdansk. It dates back to the second half of the 18th century.
Parking charges top list of most-hated consumer charges. From bank overdraft fees to charges for booking tickets and even spending a penny, being a consumer can be a very expensive business. But of all the fees consumers have to fork out for the ones they hate the most are unreasonable parking charges, a survey found.
Noelle Baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door. The body had been partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier, which are initially thought to have tried to wake her before becoming desperate for food.
Wait Waitrose announced yesterday the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year. It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums, all grown in greenhouses across England Strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal - and English raspberries saw their earliest ever appearance in the last week of March.
Syrian imam Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, shot dead on a London street. The father of six was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat with wounds to his chest on a street in Wembley on Tuesday morning. Last night it emerged that Metropolitan Police counter-terrorism officers, who handle political assassinations, were now leading the inquiry.
Lake Titicaca in Peru. Ask any Peruvian where the best place to party is and you'll always get the same reply: 'Puno!' The city's colourful fiestas, combining Spanish and Inca traditions, often last for days.
Jourdan Dunn and Naomi Campbell team up for Burberry eyewear campaign. The second joint campaign for the catwalk stars sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry and the original material of the iconic trench coat. The duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames.
Pumpkin seed oil is the new health food du jour. Reaping with beauty and health benefits, experts say it's time to replace coconut oil with pumpkin seed oil, which is being touted as the the new must-have - and, of course, health aficionado Gwyneth Paltrow is already a fan. Pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and even help boost hair growth. When applied to the lengths of your locks, PowerHealth, who supply the health produce, say it hydrates hair follicles
Teenager admits trying to buy deadly biological toxin on 'dark web'. The teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, who cannot be named for legal reasons, wanted to obtain abrin online. He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each – nearly 18 times the monthly salary of Chinese president Xi Jinping or the average price for a 750-square-foot flat in Shanghai. Mr Jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords, which are highly sought after by international collectors.
Afghanistan suicide bomb attack leaves 35 dead and 125 injured. Thirty-five people died and 125 have been injured after a suicide bomb was detonated outside a bank in Jalalabad, Afghanistan. The attacker targeted a crowd of military personnel and civilians and detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle. Ahmad Zia Abdulzai, spokesman for the provincial governor in Nangarhar, said: 'There are reports of many wounded people in critical condition at the hospital.'
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by bringing their children to Fashion Week. The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski - highly-coveted tickets that many fully grown adults failed to snag an invitation to. Victoria Beckham did it. So did Kim Kardashian.
US has deployed the massive aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off the embattled country to keep an eye on the shipment - and 'in response to the deteriorating security situation' there. The cargo ships' presence raised fears within the Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis.
Three-bedroom apartment in Knightsbridge for just £575,000. The Knightsbridge flat, London, which is on sale for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes, has just three years left on the lease. But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million.
Polish prince challenges Nigel Farage to sword fight over immigration. Janek Zylinski, the aristocratic son of Polish war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939, posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of the Ukip leader. The prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would do.
10 top foods to boost fertility. One in seven couples have trouble conceiving - and it's often not clear why. But one nutritionist argues that a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet.
Ed Ed Miliband pledges to protect jobs of 10,000 police officers as Tory cuts allow rapists and violent criminals to go free. The Labour leader said the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing', while rising numbers of serious criminals 'are being let off the hook'.
Petri Kurti, 13, jailed for murdering 47-year-old Glynis Bensley in Smethwick, West Midlands. Shocking CCTV footage shows the horrendous moment Petri Kurti murdered Glynis Bensley before he fled to a nearby park in Smethwick West Midlands and boasted about the savage attack. The schoolboy, who can be named after a judge lifted a reporting restriction order, was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life. His co-defendant, Zoheb Majid, was sentenced
Jeremy Clarkson said he had now been given the all-clear, but wrote in his column in The Sunday Times: ‘That was the most stressful day I have ever had in 27 years at the BBC.’ Two days before assaulting a BBC producer, Jeremy Clarkson was told by a doctor that he might have cancer. The presenter said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce from wife Frances and the death of his mother Shirley.
Toorak mansion built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden. It is hard to believe that the mansion you see before you, with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors, was initially a garage and chauffeur's residence that would have been home to a Rolls Royce, or two. The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as    a garage   to service  the generous  57- room mansion  Homeden, home to Supreme Court Justice Sir Henry Hodges and more famously the Nicholas family who found their fortune in the manufacture
Jessica Bialek returned to her husband Sabino Matera and their daughter on Thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30am on Wednesday morning. Confirming the 37-year-old was safe, Sabino wrote on Facebook: 'Dear world of friends and family, I am here to express my most sincere gratitude for the amazing support from all of you.'
Police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Catholic church in Melbourne. Emergency services were called to a fire at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong, at 2am on Wednesday, and police are treating the blaze as suspicious.
Young Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday when he was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path. Angela Buckler, 34, said the female cyclist rode off without showing any remorse, despite leaving Harry with blood pouring from her face and inside his mouth. She said: 'I had this feeling of horror. I scooped him up and there was blood everywhere.
Stephanie Scott's devastated father has opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter's brutal murder, which took place just days before her much-anticipated wedding. The adored school teacher from Leeton went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following Friday.
Natalie Bennett has been forced to distance herself from a bizarre online site run by her boyfriend. Jim Jepps used a blog called The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies', describe paedophiles as 'complex human beings' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register.
Elon Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions. He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years, or until Tesla produced a third-generation car, the excerpt said.
Teacher Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in the tiny town of Halfway in August of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger. The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks.
Max Maisel's body found two months after his car was found abandoned on the shore of Lake Ontario in New York. The 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station on Monday, the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle reported. The family, from Fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999.
Sex offending could run in families along the male genetic line, experts claim. The brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes, according to researchers. They also found the sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were nearly four times more common to be convicted of such crimes. The biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line.
Philadelphia Eagles sign quarterback Tim Tebow to one-year deal. Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL in over two years since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season. The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal.
Mother-of-two turns candid photos of her energetic daughters into powerful photography series that celebrates their strength and confidence. Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella, nine, and Alice, six, playing sports and enjoying their childhoods. 'The project became about capturing my girls and their friends as they truly are'.
Ancient Egypt and other Bronze Age civilisations were hit by a 'perfect storm' of disasters 3,200 years ago that left the Ancient Egyptians, the Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians unable to cope. Ancient Egypt's Old Kingdom - when most of the pyramids were built - collapsed because it failed to adapt to climate change, according to new research. Professor Eric Cline, director of the Capitol Archaeological Institute at George Washington University, claims the events that led up to the collapse of these civilisations marked a turning point in ancient history. He claims that a series of droughts, fam
Elvis Presley’s gold lame tuxedo is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday. It is perhaps best known for being worn on the cover of 1959 compilation album 50,000 Elvis Fans Can't Be Wrong.
Crocodile 'Gregory' the crocodile who became Queensland farmer's best friend for 20 YEARS. A Queensland man has opened up about a very special friendship between him and his best mate - a crocodile called Gregory. Mick Tabone, 74, from Mirriwinni, 70 kilometres south of Cairns, first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989. For 20 years he would sit on the enormous creature's back while he chatted to him.
Three transgender Mormons from Utah have found a way to exist within the Mormon universe. They are caught between their bodies and their church - but have managed to walk a line between the two. These three Mormons, all from Utah, have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the Church of Latter Day Saints.
911 call that reignited 'free-range' parenting controversy for Maryland parents released. Authorities in Montgomery County have released the 911 call that led to two 'free range' getting picked up and held by police and Maryland CPS for five hours over the weekend. The unnamed caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, in Silver Spring.
Crows captain Taylor 'Tex' Walker offers helping hand to seven-year-old Satine Cahill who burst into tears just moments before leading the AFL side onto the field. The Crows mascot was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday when the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium. The touching moment between the 24-year old goal scorer and the blonde schoolgirl was captured by photographers and has been doing the rounds on social media Adelaide Crows' captain Taylor Walker offered a helping hand before leading
West Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away from the nightspot in the upmarket Costa del Sol resort of Puerto Banus. Police believe 5ft 7in Agnese was forced into the vehicle.
Justin Welby will say in his Easter sermon that 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen on Thursday were ‘witnesses’ to their faith and suffered ‘cruel deaths’. His comments follow Pope Francis’s denunciation of the ‘senseless’ killings at Garissa University College, in which Christians were singled out and shot.
Teenager who played naked Twister with her mother defends her mother after she was arrested. Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home. The mom-of-five, who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce, also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick. She said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling ‘fat and unhealthy’.
New York City in the height of summer with children. Would you buy that for a dollar? Precisely. Take your crew 90 minutes north of the Big Apple to Mohonk Mountain House in the heart of the Hudson Valley and you'll not regret it for a second.
ISIS suicide bomber's car explodes in mid-air seconds after it is blasted skywards by an explosion on the ground. Video shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces, reportedly near Kirkuk in northern Iraq. But as the car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb, catapulting the vehicle at least 100ft into the air.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly told the 18-year-old, from Sierra Leone, that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him. He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London.
First black man ever to be hired as a police officer in a small northwestern town had his SUV sprayed with the N-word over a planned racial discrimination case against town authorities. Gerry Pickens, 28, was fired by the chief of police in Orting, Washington, after just under a year on the town's police force - an act he claims is motivated by racism. He decided to file a suit after vandals sprayed racist graffiti on his car.
Former Lynyrd Skynyrd drummer Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr. dies in single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia. The former drummer and a founding member of the Southern hard rock band, Robert Burns Jr, died late Friday. Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree.
Banksy mural painted on the only remaining piece of a bombed out house in Gaza could be reunited with the homeless owner who claims he was duped into selling it for just $200. Gaza police have seized the work 'under a court order' from Bilal Khaled, who is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value. The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item by the world famous street artist. At the end of February, the artist, who
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe appears to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings when he arrived into South Africa for a state visit. At a quick glance, Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabes appeared to have a new hairdo and earrings, but it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot. The comical image emerged amid claims the president of Zimbabwe is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him. He had originally planned for his wife Grace to replace him.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes takes medical attention at Marathon des Sables after running for 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C. Veteran explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today, but was taken straight to the medical tent because the exertion had begun to take its toll on his heart. He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage and described the experience as'more hellish than hell'. He previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone
Mailman who landed a gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol this week to protest campaign finance laws has returned home. Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress.
Neil MacGregor, 68, who has been at the helm of the museum since 2002, said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave. He previously ran the National Gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster - most notably on his Radio 4 series A History Of The World In 100 Objects.
Widow accuses Southwest Airlines of leaving her husband Richard Ilczyszyn to die in the bathroom. A widow has accused Southwest Airlines of leaving her 46-year-old husband to die in the bathroom when he suffered a heart attack on board. Richard Ilczysczyn, a leading financial broker, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by staff on the Orange County-bound plane as it prepared to land. But rather than seeking medical help, the attendants allegedly left the father-of-three in the cubicle and, on landing, letting off all other passengers before
Tiger Woods reveals his wrist bone popped out after he swung and hit a tree root during the final round of the Masters on Sunday. The 39-year-old was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws. However when he followed through, the four-time champion at Augusta slammed the club into a root.
Ed Ed Miliband's proposed change in the rules on 'non-doms' would cost Britain billions, experts warned last night. The Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime, which allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into Britain.
Facebook has come under fire after removing a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless. The clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio, as containing 'potentially offensive nudity'.
David Hibbitt, 33, who was told he had just 18 months to live claims he has been cured by cannabis oil. A father-of-one who was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer says he is now looking forward to the future after tying the knot with his partner of six years Heather Martin, 26, at a registry office in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, today. He was diagnosed in July 2012 and underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel. Doctors told him the cancer was terminal - so he decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort.
Kathy Bush's daughter Jennifer Bush speaks out for the first time on 19th anniversary of her mother's arrest. Exactly 19 years ago on Wednesday, Kathy Bush made national headlines when she was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention. All grown up, Jennifer Bush spoke out for first time about the anniversary, saying she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused.
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta Friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods play in the second round of the Masters. Woods, competing after a two-month absence to retool his game, showed flashes of his old magic as he fired his best score at the Masters in four years.
Britons wake up grumpier than anyone else in the Western world, according to users of a sleep app. Even though we get more time in bed than most other nations – seven hours 22 minutes a night – only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks.People in these three countries have an excuse – they spend less time in bed, with the Japanese getting an hour and a half less sleep.
Photographer Justin Bettman caught the media's attention when he began his 'Set in the Street' project. Bettman, sometimes with the help of designer Gozde Eker, would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub.
Sur Surfer Shannon Aston, from New Zealand, said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in South Korea as a teacher. He said: 'Most surfers will ride waves wherever they can, extreme cold, lakes, river and everything in between.
Mother who is accused of killing her children and then stuffing their bodies in a freezer is removed from court. Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair (pictured) and Stephen Gage Berry (pictured). Blair's teenage daughter also described how her siblings were killed, according to court papers.
Spring heatwave to peak today as temperatures in England beat most of the Mediterranean. The mercury is expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today. This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F).
Chinese motorist who saw injured woman lying by the side of a motorway but decided stopping to help would be too much inconvenience. When the man, named by Chinese media as Mr Zhang, arrived at his mother's house and found that she wasn't home, neighbours told him that she had left early that morning with the intention of meeting him. He called police but his mother, from Wuhu, in Anhui Province, died on the way to hospital.
Nicola Sturgeon has warned David Cameron she will trigger a second Scottish independence referendum if he tries to take Britain to the EU exit door. The steely First Minister, in her first interview with the Daily Mail on the day of her election manifesto launch, said for the first time that she would regard an 'out' vote in the Tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK.
Hus Husband and wife David and Sandra Greatrex, 53 and 52, from Plymouth, have told their shocking story of harassment, which culminated in David's sister Anne cancelling the couple's wedding using a fake email address just weeks before the big day. The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies, which airs tonight.
Another man was in the car with Walter Scott when he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his Mercedes, it has been revealed. Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is, but a police report confirmed the man was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car, according to CNN.
Grieving son forced to dig mother's grave after council 'co-ordination error'. Clint Gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside Brisbane to Wandoan in regional Queensland, only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes. 'It was all a bit bloody stupid': A grieving son is forced to bury his mother after a council 'constraint' meant work had not been done to the burial plot.
Police say Clarence Taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in Akron, Ohio. On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing.
Prince Harry is in Australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans. The Prince pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother, as others snapped photos on their smartphones.
Another internet dress furore has begun, this time over the colour of Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon's dress. The SNP stalwart, 44, wore the opinion-splitting ensemble, which has variously been described as blue, grey and green.
Kim Kardashian's one-year-old daughter North West is already developing an obsession with beauty products and shoes. With a mother as glamorous and as make-up savvy as Kim Kardashian, it’s no surprise that her one year old daughter is developing a love for beauty products - and shoes. The mother-of-one, who married rapper Kanye West in May last year, spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences.
TSA agent who stalked coworker is jailed for six months. Daniel Boykin, 33, plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes. He will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison.
Shanay Walker's death was the culmination of'repeated acts of cruelty' at the hands of Seventh-day Adventist Kay-Ann Morris that included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush, a jury was told. The youngster, who had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death, was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in Bestwood, Nottingham, last July.
Hidden cameras credited with a 25 per cent spike in speeding fines could be banned from motorways within months. The Conservatives are already moving to scrap the controversial cameras if an ongoing review criticises their use when it reports back in the summer.
Janet Faal, 57, was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex, as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down into the open gap. She now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet.
Utah Utah photographer Alan Lawrence created a photo series called 'Wil Can Fly' in which the toddler appears to be flying in many different scenes. Lawrence, who began taking the photos when Wil was just months old, created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out.
Muslim leader warns teenagers who flew to Turkey to join ISIS could be followed by friends. Farouk Younis, the imam of the mosque used by relatives of Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, said Muslims must talk to other teenagers who'might be looking at them and thinking this is the way'. The 17-year-olds from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire - billed by their families as two 'ordinary Yorkshire lads' - are believed to have travelled to war-torn Syria.
Christian Longo, who murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001 before going on an alcohol-fulled Mexican trip believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes. 'I don't believe in the death penalty, but I believe belongs exactly where he is.'
The First Family kicks off Easter celebrations at church where Bill Clinton once sang. President Barack Obama arrived at the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning with his wife and daughters for the festive service. Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him.
Paula Duncan reveals she attempted to take her own life. She's a household name and has graced Australian TV screens throughout the early Seventies and Eighties, but it's her appearance as a bubbly, upbeat housewife on the Ajax Spray'n'Wipe advertisements that is perhaps Paula Duncan's most famous role. However, despite the glossy, upbeat image portrayed on our screens, Duncan, now 62, has revealed she attempted suicide at age 43, and that her teenage daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one who found her.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool drained to create unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The empty pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the Ten Pieces presentation. There may have been a few disgruntled lap swimmers at Bondi on Thursday. The daily visitors were forced to take their exercise back to the beach as their beloved pool was drained for the fashion folk.
Ab Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, from Columbus, Ohio, has been arrested and charged with plotting an attack on American soil, the Justice Department revealed today. The indictment states that Mohamuda, a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism, the indictment said.
Teacher Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August and the relationship turned sexual in January, Fox10 reported. The father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts.
President Barack Obama staunchly defended a framework nuclear agreement with Iran as a 'once-in-a-lifetime opportunity' to prevent a bomb and bring longer-term stability to the Middle East. The president's comments come days after the U.S. and other world powers reached a tentative agreement to curb Iran's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief.
Australians are spending more on technology than ever. A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year.
Blue Origin completes work on suborbital rocket engine. A space company. owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has finished work on a. rocket engine for a. flight tests this year. Called Blue Origin, the firm expects to begin.
Children who watch films featuring alcohol consumption are more likely to binge drink. Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched from a list of 50.
Thousands of protesters march through Melbourne to protest against closure of indigenous communities in WA. A large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities has shut down streets in central Melbourne. Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday. 'Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?'.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. He claims in 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students.
These are the shocking images of a pet owner's squalor living conditions in Adelaide, where he raised his three cats. In what has been described as a 'confronting case of animal cruelty', photos were released by RSPCA South Australia. The resident pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats.
Lindsay Jo Rimer was 13 when she went missing after going to the shops in Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire. Her body was discovered in Rochdale canal five months later, weighed down with a 20lb rock.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services, according to police. The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives.
Ed Ed Miliband makes first public appearance since Easter. Ed Miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in three days this morning after going to ground over the Easter weekend.
Jason Warnock was named as the hero who rescued 23-year-old Mathew Sitko after he crashed his car on Wednesday morning, causing it to hang off a canyon cliff in Lewiston, Idaho. But after saving the man, Warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene.
Tabby cat George turns up 128 miles from his home after apparently hitching a ride in a caravan. George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in North Wales and was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later. He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill, who found the 18-year-old tabby outside her home in Calderdale last week, posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
Incredible images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, Australia. The striking photographs show the fish swimming in circles around the shark, perhaps proving that they are instinctively frightened of it. It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator.
Choc on Choc creates chocolate bars bearing the faces of David Cameron, Nick Clegg and Ed Miliband. A British brand is celebrating the forthcoming election in a rather unusual way… by creating chocolates bearing the face of either David Cameron or Ed Miliband. Artisan confectioners Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates collection comes in three different flavours which reflect the colours associated with each leader. David Cameron's bar is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed Miliband's comes in a red raspberry flavour and the Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb.
Chelsea Clinton opens up about motherhood, life in the public eye and why the United States needs a female president in a new interview with Elle. Chelsea Clinton has come a long way from being the adolescent that grew up in front of our eyes while her dad was POTUS. Yes, Chelsea is now a mom, wife, and advocate for women.
Scientists say they have found 50 galaxies that may contain intelligent alien races. These galaxies were found to be emitting 'unusually high' levels of radiation - possibly indicating 'the presence of a highly advanced civilisation.'
Sofia Vergara's ex Nick Loeb says he's always 'dreamed' of being a father. 'I have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth.'
Judge M. Marc Kelly told an Orange County jury that Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto 'did not intend to harm' the three-year-old girl he raped at his family home in June. The judge said that he was sure that although he sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she couldn't scream out, 'there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim's well-being.'
Clare Balding has admitted she was on TV too much following her success presenting the London Olympics. The broadcaster, who recently hosted coverage of the Boat Race, has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts.
Abase Hussen, who blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join IS earlier this year, conceded the teenager was ‘maybe’ influenced by the rally organised by banned terror group Al-Muhajiroun. Mr Hussen told MPs last month, after his daughter Amira Abase fled to Syria aged 15, that he could think of ‘nothing’ to explain why she and two friends had decided to join Islamic State, as well as keeping quiet about his own links to radicalism. It then emerged he had been in caught in shocking video footage amid a flag-burning mob
Spiders on Mars may have been predicted by David Bowie, but in fact spiders in space could help us get to the red planet. Tether Unlimited has revealed a system of robo spiders than can construct solar panels, trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit. The futuristic new system – dubbed SpiderFab – is being developed by a company called Tethers Unlimited. The Nasa-back firm says it could dramatically reduce the cost of building spacecraft by allowing the final construction to take place in orbit.
Nigel Farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in Ukip's manifesto by claiming there was a 'half black' party spokesman featured prominently - and 'one fully black person'. The Ukip leader made the remarks after being asked at his manifesto launch last week to justify the scarcity of black and Asian faces in the Ukip manifesto.
Yorkshire terrier rescued 120 miles from his home by RSPCA inspector. Padding such a long way back was a tall order for a little lapdog with stumpy legs. So when Alfie the Yorkshire Terrier was dumped by thieves, he found a novel way to bring about a snappy rescue. With great presence of mind – or luck – he dashed into a deserted country lane.
Priscilla Presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in Las Vegas. The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding'. The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel.
Queen Letizia, King Felipe, Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor arrive at Mallorca cathedral. It is one of the biggest celebrations in the Catholic calendar and the Spanish Royal Family kept up their tradition of spending the Easter holiday on the island of Mallorca. It's Easter!
It was loud all-night parties that eventually busted the secret stripper training school hiding inside a $2million 12,000 sq ft mansion next door to an exclusive gated community in Florida. The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaoh’s Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres on the Gulf Coast on its website advertisement. An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint.
Barbie dolls go back on sale this Saturday. This Saturday, the very first Barbie Doll will go on sale again in Australia. Incredibly, customers will be able to purchase the vintage-style doll for the original 1959 sale price of just $3.00.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicks off with an explosion of colour. The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off in Sydney on Thursday. The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation - always one of the highlight shows during MBFWA - dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection brimming with design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett's trademark eccentricity, created in collaboration with esteemed artist Linda Jackson.
EU will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services, which include YouTube and the Google+ social network. The ruling - the result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant – means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to Brussels.
Britain hailed as a 'job-creating machine' as number of people in work rises to its highest level in history. The Conservatives’ economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement, with the International Monetary Fund lavishing praise on Chancellor George Osborne. Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February, official figures showed.
Vaccine developed to help prevent recurrence of prostate cancer. The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. Animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system to attack the cancer.
Senator Bob Corker says congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal'. The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has denied that partisan politics in Washington DC could derail America's landmark agreement to curb Iran's nuclear capabilities.
Five eye contact techniques to get you noticed. When you consider 80 per cent of our information about the outside world comes through our eyes, it's hardly surprising studies show eye contact to be the most effective way to signal sexual interest. Tracey Cox gives her advice on how to use your peepers to get someone's attention.
Margaret and Gary Mazan from Bradford, West Yorkshire, had their 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors after the animals were discovered in filthy cages in a garden shed. The court heard how the animals had matted fur, were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West visit Armenia. Kim Kardashian, her husband Kanye West, their daughter North and Kim's sister Khloe arrived in the capital Yerevan on Wednesday to a rock star welcome and over eight days are checking out a plethora of local landmarks. The visit is their first to the country their late father, Robert Kardashian, fled for America.
Armed robbers used pink umbrellas to hide themselves as they stole £145,000 from 13 shops in a two-month crime spree. The brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops, swiping £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process. CCTV footage from one of the raids in Tipton, West Midlands, shows the gang using umbrella as cover as they burst into a supermarket, where they stole cash from the offices.
Woman stabbed boyfriend through the heart after he found her in a short dress and stockings. Natasha Elderfield, 41, chased her partner off the boat they shared after he discovered her below deck with her lover, whose trousers were around his ankles. The court heard how she flew into a rage when boyfriend Robert Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man.
Teenager Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old Raymond Howell, Jr. On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
The TSA to 'enhance' officer training for hair pat-downs after complaints that African-American women were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) will ‘enhance’ officer training in the wake of a complaint filed by a woman who said she was subjected to a pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013. New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport.
Georgina Bartter's best friend Rebecca Hannibal pleads guilty to supplying ecstasy pills. Rebecca Hannibal, 19, of Cammeray, supplied a number of 'purple speaker' pills between 2pm and 3:30pm on November 7, the day before the Harbourlife dance festival near Mrs Macquarie's Chair where Ms Bartter collapsed. She is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the substance she took on the night.
Islam will become America's second-largest religion by 2050 according to a report outlining the world's religious landscape 35 years from now. The number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050, researchers claim.
V. Stiviano ordered to pay Donald Sterling $2.6m. V.Stiviano, the alleged mistress of Clippers owner Donald Sterling, who he showered with expensive gifts, has been ordered by a Los Angeles judge to pay his wife nearly $3million. Shelly Sterling has been awarded nearly all of the $3 million she had sought to be returned.
Awel Manyang: Five-year-old girl who survived car crash that killed her three siblings who died in lake believes they were eaten by crocodiles. Awel Manyang, who is recovering in hospital, believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water. Her siblings - Bol and Madit and Anger - died after their mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday. The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says five-
Jenny Wallenda, 87, the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida, according to family members. Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda.
Man halves income to avoid $600-a-month hike in child support. Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic after he realised he would be expected to pay around $1,900 a month in Child Support payments. He said he was happy to give up a meagre wage of $38,000 a year, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month.
Woman, 103, receives high school diploma 87 years after she would have graduated. Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school, which was located six miles away from her home. Now a resident at Meadows Assisted Living and Memory Care, the centenarian was presented with an honorary degree by River Valley High School.
Brazilian commuter Nelson Felippe was deeply offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform. He proceeded to take a photo, and express his disapproval on Facebook, after which the image was shared more than 100,000 times.
Stephen Hawking sings Monty Python's Galaxy Song. The author of A Brief History Of Time can be seen in the music video whizzing through space in his wheelchair, while the footage is interspersed with scenes of the band's live shows. British physicist Stephen Hawking can be heard singing the show's famous song, which is being released digitally this week, and available on vinyl this weekend as part of Record Store Day 2015. In the video, Professor Hawking 'runs over' Professor Brian Cox before taking to the sky and making his trip through the universe.
Lee Garlington opens up about his secret gay relationship with Rock Hudson. Rock Hudson once called him his 'one true love,' and now Lee Garlington is opening up about his three year relationship with the iconic Hollywood actor - and the lengths they went to in order to keep his sexuality a secret. Garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out Hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay.
Senior Constable Neale McShane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of Birdsville, which borders on the Simpson Desert in far south-west Queensland. The 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states, but he told Daily Mail Australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling Birsdville. He believes the unpredictable conditions of the job means his successor will need to be a fast learner.
Baby boom generation to leave one last burden to its children and grandchildren - a wave of funeral debt. The cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths as the unprecedented numbers of post-World War Two babies come to the end of their lives may be too much for many families, a report has found. A'simple' funeral with a cremation, a minister and an undertaker now costs an average of £3,590, it found.
Dem Demi Moore is selling the Manhattan penthouse apartment she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis for a $75million asking price. The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River.
Posters telling Muslims not to vote in the election were plastered across an area of Cardiff yesterday. They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah.' Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the Grangetown suburb telling the Muslim electorate: 'Islam is the only real workable solution for the UK.'
Indian man faces seven years in jail for posting 'blasphemous' status on Facebook. The 41-year-old man - identified only by his initials S.G. - is accused by the prosecution of posting the derogatory statements about Islam and the Prophet Mohammad after watching a news item about the Iraq war in July last year. He told police he was sent the image over Whatsapp, but allegedly then admitted to posting the status.
Romanian woman being deported from New Zealand after relationship broke down, has been told she must leave her 2-year-old son, Chris behind. Nicole Mihai was told by New Zealand Immigration that once her Visa expires, she must return to Romania.
Poundland shoppers are charged more per unit of certain products compared with supermarkets. The budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year becoming Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. The company's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from Britain's four big supermarkets, Asda, Tesco, Sainsburys and Morrisons.
Teller Lake in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by thousands of gold fish, which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago. The animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000, it's believed, and are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases.
The Queen is the world's most followed royal on Twitter. She's been on the social media site for less than six months but new figures released by Twitter reveal the Queen is already the most popular online royal. Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers during its time online and more than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales.
Abbey Clancy, 29, looks chic as she shows off her famous legs, wearing just a plain white shirt. The winner of 2013's Strictly Come Dancing joins singer Foxes, 25, Victoria's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson, 28, in the new series of pictures by photographer Simon Emmett for Fashion Targets Breast Cancer.
Ards Borough Council bosses spend £7,000 on lavish three-course Christmas banquet and disco for staff. Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party, which was adorned with almost £500 worth of balloons and Christmas crackers. Council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in December last year at the Queens Hall in Newtonards, County Down.
Walter Scott's family meets with man who filmed his death. Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives - in a moving moment witnessed by NBC. Santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott, 50, in North Charleston on Saturday and later releasing the video.
Breast cancer: Drinking two cups of coffee a day could halve the risk of cancer returning. A cancer-killing cocktail of the hormone drug tamoxifen and two coffees every day was found to reduce tumours returning by 50 per cent in women recovering from the disease, researchers said. Women who have suffered from breast cancer can slash the chances of the cancer returning by half - if they enjoy two cups a day, as well as taking the cancer-fighting hormone drug, a new study has found.
Apple Watch goes on sale on April 24. People flocked to Apple's stores around the world to get a close-up look at the Apple Watch, the tech company's first foray. into the personal luxury goods market. The device was available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment, but not to take home.
Teacher Stephanie Scott's funeral to be held in her home town of Canowindra. Reverend Jonno Williams is the parish priest of the Anglican-Uniting Church and will be conducting Wednesday's funeral service. He knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone.
The Queen meets the Canadian Highlanders to mark the centenary of the First World War. Her Majesty, who looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress, was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the reception in Trafalgar Square, central London. The event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief.
Grandfather runs over granddaughter in driveway. In what is being described as a horrific accident, 20-month-old Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house as he pulled his truck forward so he could move some garbage cans. He did not however see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her.
George Lucas to build $200m affordable housing complex on his California estate. The complex of affordable housing, funded and designed by the Star Wars director, would provide homes to 224 low-income families. And there's very little his fellow Bay Area residents can do about it.
Shaun Worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm - the same time the fatal text was sent. His mother Jane Allen said: 'No mother should have to go through what I have and the devastation of losing a son.'
Nasa has finalised an ambitious mission to send a spacecraft closer to the sun than ever before. Solar Probe Plus is scheduled to launch aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta 4-Heavy rocket with an upper stage from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida.
David Miscavige had father followed for 18 months for fear he might reveal damaging information about Church of Scientology. According to police records obtained by the Los Angeles Times, the church paid a father-son team of detectives $10,000 a week to track Ron's every move, review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations. The claims, which the church has categorically denied through its attorneys, come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear.
Old Texas dance halls are decaying and closing. Some 40 miles north of San Antonio, along a lonely two-lane road, stands a bedraggled, tin-sided building that hints at Texas' past. Kendalia Halle's multi-tiered wooden truss was decked out in white lights as Bruce and Louetta Schwab joined about 200 others for a monthly dance. It's one of an estimated 1,000 dance halls that sprung up around Texas in the 1800s, knitting together German, Czech, Polish and other immigrant communities.
Golden retriever rescued from the sea after being swept half a mile out to sea. Ten-year-old Martha had been with her owner on the beach in Leasowe in Merseyside and was paddling in the water when she was caught out by a strong current. And with the strength of the outgoing tide, the dog was rapidly swept.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls and says she was looking 'worn out' ahead of the procedure. But the 'horrendous' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before.
BBC.co.uk It seems that the BBC has lost the plot with its radio dramas. Frustrated listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service.
Elderflowerfields.com. Finding a place where you can experience some all-important family time, outdoor fun and a helping of luxury at the same time might sound like a tall order...
Kuku Kube, a game that puts your eyesight and colour vision to the test by showing boards of coloured squares. The latest app that's sweeping the web is the fiendishly addictive, and surprisingly difficult, Kuku kube. It has been designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to test. Scroll down for video The latest game has been created by Canada-based Network365 and is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers.
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured last Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina for his alleged role in the botched jewelry store heist. The 53-year-old female employee of the National Watch and Diamond Exchange in downtown Philadelphia was leaving work earlier this month shortly before 4pm when she was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage. She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times.
Smartphone health apps have been accused of ‘fuelling anxiety’. The ‘untested and unscientific’ apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy, says Dr Des Spence. Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apple’s health app.
Claudia Winkleman wins Bafta nomination for Strictly Come Dancing. When she replaced Sir Bruce Forsyth as co-host, sceptics thought she would struggle to fill his shoes. Now, she has proved them wrong with her first season on the show. The 43-year-old is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards.
Queen Victoria's childhood story to be published for the first time. The short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried. Alice befriends a host of characters, including a 'poor little French orphan' who has been half-blinded by small pox, and is falsely accused of smuggling a cat into the school but clears her name and eventually triumphs as 'one of the best learners in the school'.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, supplements her day job as a security guard by gorging on camera for men who like to watch her eat. Miss Reign, who weighs 26 stone, says she enjoyed eating so much, she decided to turn it into a job.
Australian backpacker who disappeared from Croatian night club in 2008 to finally find out how she died. Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in the coastal, tourist town of Dubrovnik where she was partying with about 10 other backpackers. Croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student's body came to be in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18.
A bitter war of words has erupted between a young woman and a butcher in Sydney's eastern suburbs over exactly what happened when Belinda Bartholomew, the girlfriend of Roosters star Aidan Guerra, tried to buy a chicken to cook up for a Game Of Thrones-inspired feast. Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner. According to Ms Bartholomb, she was called names and told to go to 'an Aussie
Mother-of-five threw naked Twister party for her 16-year-old daughter and had sex with her boyfriend. Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. She has been released from the Columbia County Detention Center after posting a $3,200 bond.
Kare Kareem Abdul-Jabbar undergoes emergency heart surgery at UCLA Medical Center. The 68-year-old had quadruruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease.
Dave Dave Sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 Tour de France route this summer. The 36-year-old personal trainer from Southport, Merseyside, is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves.
Celebs react to shooting of Walter Scott by white cop. A number of celebrities joined a torrent of outrage from Twitter users over the shooting on Walter Scott. Mr Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston, South Carolina, when he ran from the cop. Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words: '#WalterScott'.
WhWhistling aficionados are in agreement, no one is whistling while they work – or anywhere else for that matter. All children used to be told to whistle by the classic Disney animation Snow White. However the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now.
A part-time worker had the shock of her life after she was ordered to pay more three quadrillion pounds in pension contributions. The blunder at the pensions office in Essen, in the North Rhine-Westphalia area of Germany saw a letter sent out the woman asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661. The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product.
Yervand Garginian, 60, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe at a recent family gathering. His daughter Elizabeth, 24, posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across Facebook, YouTube and Instagram.
Conchita Wurst transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster. The star posed before industry heavyweight Ellen von Unwerth's lens for the poster, which will be on display on the streets of Vienna and cast in gold on a medallion by Austrian Mint. The Life Ball, which takes place in May, is the biggest charity event in Europe supporting people with HIV/AIDS.
Shopping with friends is bad for your bank balance - because it encourages people to spend far more than they would if making purchases by themselves. In a survey of 1,000 people from across the country, conducted by personal budgeting software company YouNeedaBudget.com, 64 per cent of adults confessed that they end up spending more money when they shop with friends. The main reasons for this were said to be'showing off in front of friends' and'succumbing to peer pressure'.
Karren Brady helps David Cameron with his jacket as he announces 16,000 new apprenticeships. Baroness Brady, who is also the government’s small business ambassador, was appearing alongside Mr Cameron at a National Grid training centre in Newark, Nottinghamshire, to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people. She attended the speech along with Mr Cameron.
Church of Wells 'brainwashed' Arkansas woman returns to'religious cult'. An Arkansas family who believe their daughter is being brainwashed by a controversial Texas church have again lost the woman, after she came home for a few days only to return to the so-called cult. Catherine Grove, 28, announced she is set to marry one of its elders.
Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett turns his back on the modern vehicle and only sells Henry Ford's famous Model T. Despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old, the businessman, from Buckinghamshire, is selling one every week, including to the TV and film industry who have used then in shows such as Downton Abbey. A second-hand auto dealer has turned his back from the modern world to the Model T. Despite his oldest models being over 100 years old he is still selling them.
Scientists say the lethal ring is leaving tens of thousands of creatures with severe, and often fatal injuries. Now researchers have released an interactive roadkill map to show the trail of destruction being caused by California's state highways.
Britain's leading pensions and savings expert will today be announced as a new Conservative peer. Dr Ros Altmann, a former Treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group Saga, would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges.
Grandmother Colleen Harris found guilty of murdering her third husband while he was sleeping. A 73-year-old grandmother was found guilty on Wednesday after gunning down Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris in their Placerville, California home in 2013. It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict her of murder.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars including scratching the paintwork with a key and smashing the BMW's windscreen with a rock. Earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend, punching him on the ear and pulling her hair after barging her way into her home in Ratby, Leics. Then two days later she returned to the property and broke in through the front door.
Bowe Bergdahl's comrades claim Mullen knew he was a deserter. The former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen, who served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago, was certain that Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl had fled the army and was guilty of desertion. The claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world he served honorably.
Man takes his own life after being convicted of killing his wife in court. Mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000, on Friday. After the verdict was, read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his life in the courthouse.
JJodi Arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder, and she has a new mugshot.The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform. It's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk.She later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation.
Special needs girl gets the prom proposal of a lifetime. Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. She said yes!
Cheryl Cheryl Prudham, 33, and her partner Robert are spending £10,000 on a lavish ceremony in Las Vegas to renew their wedding vows. The couple, who hit headlines last year after demanding a bigger council house for their huge brood, visited her local Thomson travel agents in Kent to book the luxury family break.
Mass brawl at New York casino caused by argument in line for drinks. Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a Fat Tuesdays bar inside the Resort World Casino ended up at each other's throats when the party went sour. According to a casino worker, the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol.
Tunnel could be built under Mount Everest as part of new railway between China and Nepal. Chinese state media has reported that the government is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request' - which could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain - by 2020. The step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as firmly within its sphere of influence.
Dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater. One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney.
Iraq war inquiry to be delayed until 2016. The findings of a long-awaited inquiry into the Iraq war are unlikely to be unveiled this year. Further delays to Sir John Chilcot’s inquiry will fuel claims those criticised over the war are trying to bury bad news. The former PM has denied that he was trying to obstruct the inquiry.
Painkillers not only dull physical pain, but they can also dull your emotions. This is according to a new study that claims acetaminophen - the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol - has the ability to weaken feelings of happiness and sadness.
Iowa politician accused of sexually abusing his wife after doctors said she was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex. When Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown, it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple, both previously widowed. But their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail. Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home.
Boy, 9, whipped with skipping ropes by his adoptive mother for not knowing Pinocchio story. The nine-year-old boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adopted mother, leaving scars all over his body. Photographs of the child, who was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes, have sparked outrage across China after they were shared online.
IKEA's Wedding Online allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world. The Swedish company's new service could revolutionise the way that couples tie the knot. Even better, guests from all around the world can view the proceedings, as long as they have a webcam handy.
Mimi and Joe Lemay share son's transgender story. The parents of a five-year-old transgender boy are sharing their son’s story with the world in a bid to prove that there is no such thing as being ‘too young’ to identify as transgender. Massachusetts couple Mimi and Joe Lemay's son Jacob wasn't always a boy. But from a very early age, Jacob began rejecting his gender.
Essex couple fined £1,230 for taking 14-year-old son out of school without permission for five-day holiday to Spain. They were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Rayleigh, Essex, after being convicted in November 2014 of failing to ensure their child regularly attended school. After the unnamed family, of Hullbridge, appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited on March 6.
Montana teacher's killer sentenced to 100 years in prison. Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney. Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012. Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota.
Fatberg made up of fat and wet wipes is so heavy that it caused a sewer in Chelsea to break. The enormous lump, which was 40 metres long, was so heavy it caused the 1940s sewer to break. Utility companies, including Thames Water, discovered the fatberg when local residents and businesses on Draycott Avenue and Walton Street started to complain about the rancid smell coming from the sewer. Now a £400,000 repair is being carried out to repair the broken sewer.
Ex-primary school teacher charged with dozens of sexual offences against children. Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire before becoming a lecturer at Basingstoke College of Technology. The 32-year-old from Eastleigh has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children that include rape and sexual activity with a child.
Laurene Jobs' widow Laurene has told of her admiration for Democratic White House front-runner Hillary Clinton. Ms Jobs, 51, called former First Lady Hillary a'revolutionary' woman.
Married software executive who drugged a female employee in order to take naked pictures of her jailed for 10 years. Henri Morris, 67, was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012. The 67-year-old was the president of Edible Software Solutions.
Brian Nicol, 32, drowned in a pool in a luxury villa in Spain, just hours after arriving on holiday. Brian Nicol (pictured), 32, from Glasgow, Scotland, dived into a swimming pool in the Costa del Sol, where he was staying with friends, but failed to resurface. His desperate friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him. Police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident took place around 8.30am on Easter Sunday morning.
Artist and journalist Alison Nastasi collates intimate portraits of well-known artists with their furry friends. Too often cats can be overlooked in favour of their cuter canine counterparts. But a new book, Artists And Their Cats, is putting felines back on the map. The images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes, or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets.
Son of murdered Syrian imam may have met his father’s killer days before his murder. Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in North West London after being called there last Tuesday, apparently to provide a quote for building work. He studied Islamic Sharia in Jordan where he claimed to have been sentenced to death by Syrian authorities.
Man accused of murdering bride-to-be Stephanie Scott is like an invisible man in the small rural town he moved to just 13 months ago. Vincent Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton, in the Riverina region of New South Wales, which is 550 kilometres south-west of Sydney and 450km north of Melbourne, with just a small bag of belongings each. His neighbours in Maiden Avenue say the family were welcomed by the community but Vincent Stanford made few connections.
Ian Ian Joll was missing presumed dead after he was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach, but survived the incident to make it home to Gravesend. His incredible story came to light as his medals - including the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) - were put up for auction and his background was revealed.
Conservative and Labour parties will get nearly identical number of votes in general election, poll predicts. The survey, conducted by the ICM Wisdom Index for the Daily Telegraph, asked 2,000 Britons to predict the share of the votes each party would get in the general election next month. The Liberal Democrats are now expected to get 13.5 per cent.
CCTV footage captured the tragic moment little Nurhayada Sofia, who was out shopping with her mother, suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors. She was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries. The heartbreaking accident happened while her mother was on the phone to her husband Musa who had called to check how she and his two daughters were.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, of Smethwick, West Midlands, and his girlfriend Michelle Bird used their friend Michael Spalding for slave labour before Simon killed him and dismembered his body. The 39-year-old's remains were stuffed into two suitcases before Simon and Bird threw them into Birmingham Canal, a court heard.
Kim Kim Scott posted the poem on Saturday morning, a day after the body of a woman was discovered in Cocoparra National Park on Friday afternoon and following the arrest of school cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, with her murder on Thursday morning. The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson Woolley on Saturday, a fact keenly plain the poem, which was addressed to'my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day.
Nick Clegg admits his wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez makes the big decisions in their household. After the last election, Mr Clegg was given the option of moving his family into a grace-and-favour government mansion - but the move was vetoed by his wife. The couple invited the cameras into the kitchen of their £1.5million family home in Putney, south west London.
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Miliband’s plan to scrap the controversial ‘non-dom’ status had won him over. He tweeted: 'Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this.'
Two property developers jailed after three-storey building collapses trapping three people in the rubble. A doctor's wife and a student plunged from the living rooms of their flats into the basement below and a workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column. The accident left three victims hospitalised with minor injuries, while 20 students were left homeless.
Relatives of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev are refusing to accept that he was behind the marathon terrorist attack and want his defense lawyers fired. The convicted bomber's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, and two other relatives told Time this week in Chechen capital, Grozny, that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the U.S. The bomber's uncle, Said-Hussein Tsarnaev, told the magazine that 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded.
Pupils applying to Cambridge University may have to take entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years. Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants. The university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit.
Fleas in Arizona have tested positive for the plague and could spread the deadly disease to humans, according to officials. The plague, which famously killed millions of Europeans during the Black Death, is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents. Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Arizona alerted officials to the possibility of an outbreak.
Prince William is due to accompany the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh on an official engagement next Saturday – the same day his wife is reportedly expected to give birth. Despite the clash, the Duke of Cambridge plans to do 'everything he can' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns at the Cenotaph on April 25, Kensington Palace said yesterday. He has cleared his diary so he can be solely on call.
Woman leads CHP on slow-speed chase through Los Angeles for almost an hour. A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow speed chase, that included stopping at traffic lights, for almost half an hour, officers said. The CHP became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black SUV on a freeway in Orange County around 12:30pm Wednesday. The woman was 'weaving, accelerating and slowing down,' according to a tweet by the official CHP Southern Division Twitter.
Muslim boys set 14-year-old Pakistani boy on fire because he is a Christian. The teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene. The boy, who is now being treated at Mayo Hospital in Lahore, described how he was approached by the two Muslim youths as they left Friday prayers at their local mosque.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in Victoria's Secret's latest lingerie campaign. When most of us get caught in the rain, it's not a pretty sight. But, as their latest campaign proves, when you’re a Victoria’s Secret Angel, it&rsquo;s a far more glamorous affair.
Body of missing hiker found near Ben Nevis three weeks after he vanished. Kyle Knox, from London, was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William. Search and rescue dogs also joined in the hunt for missing Kyle.
Baby girl found face down in toilet bowl after her'mother gave birth in the lavatory'. Merseyside Police had released an image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl, wearing a pink playsuit, as they sought to identify her mother. It is believed the girl, named April by staff at the Ormskirk hospital where she is being treated, might have been delivered at Silcock's Amusement Arcade in Nevill Street, Southport, hours before she was discovered.
'humiliatrix' earns more than $1 per minute indulging the subservient fantasies of men around the world. Ceara Lynch, from Portland, Oregon, takes the more traditional dominatrix idea a step further, not just dominating her customers but demeaning, shaming and generally humiliating them. And the 28-year-old entrepreneur says that making money this way has been a dream.
Donald Graham, 62, from Sparty Lea, Northumberland, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45, so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home. Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found.
Suspect arrested after duffel bag containing human remains found near police station. The person, who will not be identified until their arraignment on Monday, was taken into custody after the bag was found on Loughery Way in Cambridge on Saturday morning, according to authorities. They have not been charged with homicide.
Grant Hackett's father reveals his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat. Former police inspector Neville Hackett said that his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago. The revelation comes after the 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds.
Morsi has been sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012. But a court in the country's capital Cairo acquitted the 63-year-old leader of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty.
One in 10 Americans suffer from explosive anger management issues and has easy access to guns, a study has found. Some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home The research carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men.
Qatar Airways has been named the most reliable airline in the world, thanks to flight punctuality, its modern fleet and the minimal extra fees it charges.And not only did the airline come out on top, it scored a perfect 100 in the research by travel site WanderBat, which ranked the top 22 airlines around the world.Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern, the top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market.Travel site, WanderBat, has found Qatar Airways to be the world's most reliable airline.
Danish mother Lone Sogaard-Kristensen was one of 20 women treated at an IVF clinic in Belgium who conceived using the rogue sperm The man, known only as Donor 7042, carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) that can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring. With demand for Danish sperm soaring, the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ‘Viking babies’ – as they are widely dubbed – across the world through the clinic Nordic Cryobank.
Florida father arrested for keeping eight-inch alligator for his son to nurse back to health. After finding the alligator being attacked by a bird, Kevin Gill, from Naples, Florida, told WBBH that he thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators. But when Collier County deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator - and told Gill it was illegal. It is a felony in Florida to keep an alligator without a license.
Azamara Club Cruises' Quest cruise from Monaco to Rome. When it launched eight years ago, cruise company Azamara decided to make a name for itself, literally. The founders took 'aza' for 'blue' - think azure; and added'mara', which has a hint of the maritime about it.
Jon Stewart to present final The Daily Show on August 6. Departing host Jon Stewart has revealed he will present his final show on the Comedy Central show. He kept things lighthearted by talking about how sentimental it will be and joked that he would dress well for his swan song. He told viewers he hoped they would join him and announced a competition to get tickets to the final show.
Arizona's only Hispanic governor, Raul Castro, has died at age 98. Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, family spokesman James Garcia said.
Teacher Donald DeWitt, 65, was arrested Monday and charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact. The prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at the highly competitive Bergen County Academies in Hackensack was ordered to have no contact with the victim.
Aintree racegoer filmed deliberately knocking elderly man to the floor. The man, who is seen unsteady on his feet and swaying after the day at the races, barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards and falls to the ground in the middle of the road. He was later taken to hospital.
Family forced to sit in vomit on United Airlines flight. Scott Shirley, his wife Mayo and seven-year-old son Phoenix were travelling back to Washington DC after a birthday trip to Disney World, Orlando, when they discovered the vomit and complained to cabin crew. After boarding the plane, the Shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet.
Terror alert sparked after a dummy wearing a balaclava is spotted on a boat sailing down the Thames with a fake missile launcher on its roof. The 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher was mounted on the roof on the barge as it sailed down the River Thames in Reading, Berkshire. It's not funny at all in this day and age, with all the horrible things involving terrorists.
New York City cop checking in on his elderly parents finds them dead along with two other guests. Robert Hugel, who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit, found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. at the house in Bellerose in Floral Park, Queens. The New York Post reports that Jerry and Marrianne Hugel were a happily married couple for 60 years who loved to dance, garden, and observe their German heritage.
Jade Walters, 21, was horrified to discover that the family looking after Magic had sold him at auction for just £200. Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community, and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
Library Hotel in New York City has more than 6,000 books at its fingertips. The boutique hotel was designed around the Dewey Decimal System, with each floor dedicated to one of its 10 major categories and every room decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories. The Library Hotel is located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street in Manhattan, just steps from the New York Public Library. The hotel's 60 rooms contains up to 150 books related to genres or topics including erotic literature, economics, Middle Eastern language, computers and Native American religion.
Rare archive photo, and several other portraits as comical as they are chilling, have been discovered in a Hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the Thirties. In lederhosen and knee-high socks, Adolf Hitler lounges against a tree in a pose more twit than tyrant.
Lauren Hill's casket moved into the 10,000-seater arena where she made her first basket in college basketball game. Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in nearby Lawrenceburg, Indiana. She was told she would not live past December but died four months later this month after playing with her college team at Mount St Joseph University in Cincinnati to raise $1.5million for research into childhood cancer.
Bikini-clad models take to a 2,000m high catwalk in China. The girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a 'test of their composure' as part of a Chinese beauty pageant. The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest.
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies, believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it. 'Your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine; that's a fact,' Kristen said in an interview for the May issue of Good Housekeeping. The mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, just four months, with actor Dax Sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls, as well as her own self
Madonna's had an absolute mare of it on live TV hasn't she?! The singer took that infamous tumble during her Brits performance and now she's bombed slightly.
Zambi Wildlife Retreat's Kibulu the orphaned nine-month-old African lion who has shared her bed since he arrived as a three-week-old cub. He still carries his teddy bear around with him and he loves to suck on people’s thumbs. When he was just three weeks old, Kibulu the African lion cub met Donna Wilson.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours after Zoe Gregory, 26, hijacked her email account to issue the threat to blow up the school. She was too scared to return to school for two days and when she did she was taunted by classmates. The teenager told the court how after she was arrested she was ‘crying and distressed’ and struggled to sleep in the cell surrounded by ‘people on drugs or drunk’.
Tory councillor Jonny Bucknell told to put down his knife and fork after being caught tucking into a roast duck dinner during a council meeting. Tory councillor with a history of odd behaviour is told to stop eating roast dinner in council chamber after being spotted by a Labour rival. He is no stranger to odd behaviour. In 2013 he slept in his car at the Tory party conference and now wants a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner at council meetings.
Giant sperm whale swam to inspect Nautilus sub. It was due to be a routine mission to examine the depths of the Gulf of Mexico. However, researchers were stunned when their underwater robosub had an unexpected encounter almost 2,000 feet under the ocean.
Daniel Craig named first global advocate for the United Nations' Mine Action Service. The British actor - who's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper, martini-drinking agent 007 - will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Daniel Craig, despite having a job where his job is often to pretend to blow things up, was named on Tuesday as the first Global Advocate for the UN's Mines and Explosive Hazards. The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention.
Daniel Craig as James Bond in Skyfall and Home Alone. As James Bond, he is licensed to kill. But it takes a great deal of artistic licence for Daniel Craig's character to survive his on-screen ordeals, medical experts say. For in real life 007 would have perished several times.
Chihuahua puppy found covered in horrific burns is recovering after having its cars amputated in surgery. The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California, with injuries to its ears and stomach. It is believed the pet, who has been named Fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home.
Eight-month-old puppy Silver banned from getting close to David Cameron. David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in Cheltenham to outline Tory plans for inheritance tax. But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept away from the Conservative Party leader.
Will Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins. He was signed by the New England Patriots in March 2012 but was placed on injured reserve the following August, and he left football in March 2013.
Digital music sales catch up with physical formats for first time. Digital delivery of music. caught up with. physical formats like CDs as a money stream for. the first time last year, the trade association IFPI said on Tuesday. It came, however, as overall global sales of $14.97 billion.
Top Gear's Richard Hammond releases his first home video on YouTube. The 45-year-old, whose Top Gear future has been in doubt since Jeremy Clarkson's unceremonious sacking, has released his first video on a new channel on YouTube. It has already been watched by 230,000 people.
First comprehensive study of the microbes living on and in and uncontacted tribe from the Amazon. They say the results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society.
First pictures of suspected 'Majadahonda Ripper'. Bruno Fernández, 32, has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55, who was reported missing by her brother. He is currently in police custody.
Nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like'slave labour', a union has claimed. With a growing demand for nurses to work long hours, Unison has called for more research into the effects of workers' health.
Selfie sticks have been a nuisance for three decades. Hiroshi Ueda, a photographer who worked as an engineer for camera company Minolta, claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s. He said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe. He added a mirror to the front of the camera so that photographers could see exactly what they were doing.
Amy Childs unveils sophisticated summer collection full of pastel prints. The 24-year-old, who found fame on The Only Way Is Essex, has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season. Scroll down for video Fashionista!
Camino de Santiago pilgrimage route warning pilgrims to stop defecating. Graphic signs telling visitors not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of Santiago de Compostela, in north-western Spain, have been erected in the municipality of Lastres. But no one knows who put up the signs.
Supervoid 1.8 billion light-years across may be responsible for mysterious ‘Cold Spot’ in the universe. The theory was proposed by astronomers seeking to understand what is causing this larger-than-expected cold area. If confirmed, the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity. In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation.
Labour leader Ed Miliband rushed to Scotland to try to shore up his hope of becoming Prime Minister as a damning poll showed almost half of Scots are ready to back the SNP. The Labour leader used a speech in Edinburgh to claim the Tory election campaign has descended into 'desperation and panic', as some polls put Labour ahead across the UK. But Mr Miliband has been rocked by a survey showing that in Scotland, 49 per cent of people plan to vote for the SNP, with just 25 per cent backing Labour, robbing him of any possibility of an overall majority.
Tesco.uk has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables. The worker, who can be seen in a high-vis jacket, casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners including an 83 year-old woman and a 92 year old man living near his branch in Biggin Hill, Kent, the Old Bailey heard. Mason, who was jailed for 15 months in November last year, has said he will pay back the whole £185,000 out of his RBS pension pot.
Nick Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year. The well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up.
Residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street were stunned when CCTV revealed a binman. Rather than load the bags into his lorry, the bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins along Park Road in Glodwick before tossing them down an alley.
Ten top doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments'. Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah's opulent wedding costs £500,000. Prince Abdul Malik, 31, and his 22-year-old bride both wore outfits embellished with diamonds, while Raabi’atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems, rather than flowers. The lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time, but the couple aren't the first too say I do at a ceremony costing millions. To find out who had the most extravagant wedding
U.S. moms should wait at least 18 months to have second child. For US moms, the typical time between pregnancies is about 2½ years but nearly a third of women space their children too close, a government study shows. The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months.
Ed Miliband and Justine Thornton first met at a dinner party, hosted by the woman he was'secretly' dating. Relish the scene. A dinner party in West London. The hostess: Stephanie Flanders, the glamorous then economics editor of BBC2's Newsnight.
Limousine manager fired employee for refusing to have sex with him. Raymond Townsend, a manager at US Limousines on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, now 32, after more than a year of lurid messages. The woman, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused Townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth. They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space.
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station. Their giant cylinder (shown, with the ISS and Space Shuttles illustrated) could apparently replace the ISS. It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion).
George Osborne meets Henry the Hoover as he campaigns in the West Country. The Chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in Somerset, where he was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built. The blue version of the popular vaccum brand was unveiled during Mr Osborne's visit to the Numatic factory in Chard, Somerset.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random in the middle of the night as the family slept. The baby was a victim of a random attack yet his mother remains wracked with guilt.
Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life. Located in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night.
Amish couple accused of kidnapping two Amish girls from roadside vegetable stand offered plea deal. Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the girls and other children. They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges.
Elderly woman dies after Vodafone disconnects her pay-as-you-go phone. Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the phone by her son, but as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off. When the grandmother collapsed in her home in December, she could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later.
The story of how Erwin Rommel came to be in possession of the goggles can be told for the first time. They were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat. Major General Michael Gambier-Parry, of the 2nd Armoured Division, was captured with 2,000 of his men by Rommel in Mechili, Libya, in 1941. The pair shared good wine and smoked 'excellent cigars'.
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old, and he was left thinking that there were no surviving photographs of her. But this footage, recorded in 2013, shows the moment his enterprising granddaughter, Andrea Ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative.
Hillary Clinton under renewed pressure to explain her use of private email. The leaked letter casts a further shadow over Clinton just days into her bid to become the Democrat's 2016 presidential candidate. She has confirmed that she exclusively used her private account, calling it a matter of 'convenience'.
Nicola Sturgeon says she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to Scotland 'as soon as possible'. The First Minister was forced to admit her MPs would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year, despite the catastrophic collapse in North Sea oil revenues. Such a move would leave a massive £7.6billion black hole in Scotland's finances.
Washington believes that the ‘special relationship’ between Britain and the US is over, according to a secret briefing document seen by The Mail on Sunday. The memo for members of Congress states damningly that ‘the UK may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the United States in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the US agenda’.
A lawsuit filed by Joyce Kuhl, a grandmother from South Carolina who visited the Orlando park in 2013, claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools, leaving the marine animals 'essentially roasting'. In her suit, Ms Kuhl alleges that the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint the orcas with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries. She claims to have witnessed whales 'banging their heads against their tanks and grinding their teeth on the walls, floors and bars until their teeth break or are worn to the pulp.'
Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen, adding that the former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the Bristol County House of Corrections. 'He would just try to convince the officers to give him more than what they otherwise could get.'
Nicola Sturgeon has denied telling French ambassador Sylvie Bermann that she would prefer David Cameron to remain in Number 10 while suggesting that Ed Miliband was not Prime Minister material Ms Sturgeon told supporters at a rally in Glasgow today that she had written to Sir Jeremy to demand an official investigation. She claimed that the story was a sign of 'panic' within the Westminster establishment over the surge of support for her party.
Georgina Chapman gushes online about her 'wonderful husband' Harvey Weinstein. In an apparent effort to push past the scandal, the British-born fashion designer, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her. 'Thank you for my beautiful flowers!!!.
'I'm so happy,' Nyia Parler, 41, wrote on Facebook a day after allegedly abandoning her quadriplegic 21-year-old son in the Pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible. Police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there, before going to stay with her partner in Maryland. 'How the hell you happy?!? Call me!'
BBC Radio 2 presenter Tony Blackburn claims disgraced entertainer Jimmy Savile 'tarnished' his era after his fellow colleague's names were 'dragged through the mud' during probes into historic sex abuse. The 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them Blackburn's vintage.
Mother who died from breast cancer wishes she would have let her mother die. Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients. 'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' Phillips told Dailymail.com of her mother Connie Phillips.
Queen's Hospital in Staffordshire said it experienced an unprecedented number of deaths over the Easter weekend. Relatives were not told about the arrangement to use a refrigerated lorry as a temporary mortuary.
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son Alex, 5, over her older boy William, 7, while appearing on an SBS Insight programme about sibling rivalry. She said that the bond with Alex's scent began from the first moment she held him after giving birth and that for the first six to 12 months of his life she didn't want anyone else to touch him or 'rub their smell on him' because it would interfere with his unique and special smell. Since her revelations surfaced on the Insight website, Ms Cox told Daily Mail Australia she has been attacked and been
Man narrowly escapes being burnt alive as 15ft flames shoot out of manhole in West Midlands. Father-of-two Shiraz Nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the West Midlands. The 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him.
Doctors who treated brain cancer sufferer Ashya King in Britain yesterday accused the boy's parents of putting his life at risk when they refused to let him have chemotherapy. Consultant Peter Wilson told a BBC TV documentary Ashya's chances of long-term survival could have been halved by Brett and Naghmeh King's decision to flee abroad with him before he had the treatment he was being offered here.
Kim Jong-Un climbs North Korea's highest mountain in nothing but an overcoat and leather shoes. The jovial dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high Mount Paektu near the Chinese border, before telling troops at its peak that the climb was like 'nuclear weapons'. Pictures released by North Korean state media show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain's base.
Study finds almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years. Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers. Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives.
George Osborne has gone from being booed in front of his two children at the Paralympics to being credited with helping to turn Britain's economy around. George Osborne drinks a pint of Somerset cider as he is interviewed by Political Editor Simon Walters at The Cotley Inn, near Chard.
Neighbourhood Watch official handed restraining order after row with neighbours over garden gate. Married couple John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset. Retired Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land and took the matter to council planners.
SpaceX has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a drone barge in the Atlantic Ocean. The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Man charged with murder of Syrian imam Abdul Hadi Arwani. The Crown Prosecution Service announced today that 36-year-old Leslie Cooper would be charged over the suspected murder of Mr Arwani, 48, who was an outspoken opponent of the Assad regime in his native country. He appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today for a brief hearing.
Mother of lupus sufferer hits back at stranger who left cruel note on her daughter’s car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space. Corinna Skorpenske, from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter Harley Jo, a student at Ohio State University, and her condition. The teenager went on to suffer a facial rash and hair loss - and had to attend her prom in a wig.
Can this year's The Voice UK champion Stevie McCrorie break the winners' curse?. Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015, after beating fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final. Now mentor Ricky Wilson, his fellow celebrity judges Rita Ora, Tom Jones and Will.i.am, and most of all bosses at the BBC will all have their fingers crossed for his success.
'prejudice-laden presentation of the past'. The review attacked the six-part series as 'a work of fiction that adopts a narrow, revisionist and anti-Catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the Tudor period in which it’s set.'
Muslim Muslim couple who were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train are 'hardworking, honest and kind' parents of a little baby boy who moved from Pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in Australia. As NSW police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident, friends of Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26 painted a picture of the Islamic couple as 'committed' members of the community in Brisbane. The family regularly attend the Holland Park mosque, community spokesman Ali Kadri said, and they are raising a newborn
Wayne Heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in Queensland. During the attempted armed robbery, Mr Heneker says he felt he had no other choice but to shoot the bandit.
Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight. A court heard the group of teenagers had broken into the school’s tuck shop before scaling the roof on a Sunday in May 2010.
High heels can put dangerous pressure on knee joints. Four years ago, a shopping trip was torture for Angela Kelly, 67. Though still a super-fit events organiser, the former over-50s All England badminton mixed doubles champion was reduced to hobbling at a snail's pace, hanging onto her trolley for support. It may sound as though Angela was struggling with a debilitating disease or catastrophic accident.
Florida mother accuses school of threatening to suspend autistic son because of 'essential oils' he wears. Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary warned they would remove kindergartner Logan from class because the products smell and are a distraction to youngsters around him. The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused.
Prisoner who shared a ride to jail with Freddie Gray claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself inside a police van before he died from unexplained spinal cord injuries, according to a leaked police report. The report was leaked to the Washington Post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the Baltimore police force. The Washington Post obtained the affidavit from a person who asked the prisoner, who remains jailed for violating a restraining order, not be identified for fears over their safety. Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts claims Gray had the capacity to walk
New Horizons takes its first colour image of Pluto and its largest moon Charon ahead of its arrival in three months. After a journey of more than nine years, Nasa’s New Horizons spacecraft is now reaching the climax of its thrilling mission. It has traveled longer than any space mission in history to reach its primary target - with its pedometer measuring more than three billion miles (4.8 billion km). Its arrival at Pluto will be the last world in the ‘classical solar system’ to be explored.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014. Nearly a year after North Dakota college student Andrew Sadesk, 20, was found dead in the Red River, his mother still struggles with how her shy son who liked to bowl and belonged to a club of electricity enthusiasts got mixed up in the dangerous world of illegal drugs. Authorities say he knew what he was getting into.
We have most friends at the age of 26 after having spent the first quarter of our lives building up our friendship circle, a new study has revealed. The report into friendship showed that our social circle peaks at 26 years and seven months, at which we typically have five close friends. Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, with men hitting the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months.
Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV today like you have never seen him before - leading to questions that he has had cosmetic surgery to get rid of the bags under his eyes, wrinkles and make his face more chiseled. His appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 (left) and 2010 (right).
Man falls backwards off boat dock twice in Sydney's Darling Harbour. Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney’s Darling Harbour on Saturday night after they received a report that a person had entered the water. The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers.
Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' in Iran. The Fars news agency did not reveal the source for their information, but the agency is considered to be close to the ultra conservative Iran hard-liners. Iranian officials announced in January that the Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief would stand trial before the country's Revolutionary Court to face'security charges'.
Poldark fans flock to Cornwall as tourists. A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million, and it is already drawing interest from viewers who are enamoured with the series’ stunning setting – and actor Aidan Turner’s chiselled looks. Smugglers Cottage, near Portreath, has a summer and winter cottage, cleverly linked via a lift.
French model 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day. The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses. She is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end - at 7am and 9.47pm - and both images are judged independently by people on the street.
Parents Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life. And like many others, they have come to believe that a private education is the best way to achieve it.
Yukon Gold Rush prospector's dream of gold. I felt as if I was treading on hallowed ground. A leather boot, white with mould, lay half-buried at my feet. Nearby I glanced down on a harness smothered in lichen.
Clemson University fraternity put on probation after 'Cripmas' party. The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been placed on probation for two years after the group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus. The 'Crimpmas'' party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos. The party was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities.
Pope Francis has angered the Turkish government by describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5million Armenians in 1915 as 'the first. genocide of the 20th century'. The pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on.
Coyote gives NYPD runaround for more than an hour after it was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building next to a church in Manhattan. The male animal, which was eventually captured with a dart gun, was first seen by a local walking his dog in the park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea. After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene.
Neanderthals may have been the world's first gourmets - using herbs like yarrow and camomile to flavour the meat that dominated their diet, according to a new scientific paper. At first researchers thought they might have been using these plants as a form of self-medication, but now new findings have presented a different theory.
New York City bus driver faces possible termination after video shows him driving with papers in his hand. A woman who boarded the driver's bus in Ozone Park, Queens, recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter and looking away from the road. She was'shocked' that the behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus, in which all the seats were full.
Man in custody after bodies of his wife and their two children found in suburban Detroit home. A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of a woman and her two children at their home in Eastpointe, Michigan, police said. The bodies were discovered by police Monday night.
Supermodel Maggie Rizer shows off her toned figure in tiny string bikini. Supermodel Maggie Rizer only gave birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn nine weeks ago, but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self. She's back!
Teacher at Houston-area high school is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving students anti-Muslim propaganda during class. Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout, which included references to terrorism and beheadings, wasn't approved by administrators. Authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond, Texas.
Odds on the new royal baby being a girl tumble after bookmaker reveals 90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child. The odds were slashed further yesterday after a Scottish punter from Edinburgh placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes. Betting on the royal baby's date of birth has also been hotting up, with the 18th, 19th and 20th April the most popular choices.
Stephanie Scott's funeral to be held at the venue where she was set to get married. The funeral for murdered 26-year-old high school teacher Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra in rural Central West NSW and around a three hour drive from Leeton where she worked. Ms Scott was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to Tahiti with her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley, when she disappeared from her workplace at Leeton High School on Easter
Catholic priest tells parishioners to carry guns. Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license. He warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a'significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response.'.
Linford Christie's son Liam caught with £1,500 worth of crack cocaine and heroin. Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, whose father is the former Olympic sprinter, was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in West Kensington, west London. Officers uncovered the haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in September 2013.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus puts up seven 'NO Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Hollywood. This week, Plastic Jesus put up seven signs in front of the Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian-owned clothing store Dash and other hot spots such as the Ivy Restaurant and Cecconi's on Melrose. He says traffic came to a complete halt when one of the Kardashian sisters walked out of a storefront and paparazzi swarmed to grab a picture.
Aidan Turner's penchant for topless scything has proved a hit with housewives around the UK. But it seems not everyone is a fan of the gardening techniques featured on Poldark - not least the mowing community who have complained about Turner's 'excessive sweating and grunting' and say it should never be done shirtless.
Virgin Australia launches complimentary food on all flights. They say there’s no such thing as a free lunch, but that will not be the case on Virgin Australia domestic flights as it will now serve complimentary food. On Wednesday Virgin Australia launched complimentary food across the Australian domestic network.
Sol Campbell joins forces with David Harewood, Tinie Tempah and Ade Adepitan to encourage minorities to register to vote. Former Arsenal and England defender Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month's general election. The campaign, run by Operation Black Vote, features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20.
Sydney's iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram. With 342,969 photos, it trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second.
DJ Neil Fox forced himself on a girl of 13 at a theme park after she asked him to pose for a photo, it was alleged yesterday. Fox – known to his millions of listeners as Dr Fox – also indecently assaulted two star-struck girls under the age of 16 at a motor show, a court heard.
Fort Hood survivors receive Purple Hearts. Eric Jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a U.S. military base, and returned to Fort Hood five years later with other survivors on Friday to receive Purple Heart medals. Some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue, but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives.
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla – or mango plum – after years of work with specialist growers in Thailand. It has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit.
France's 'gastronomic meal' is being shipped in from a factory and microwaved. It's the nation famed for its gastronomy which gave birth to haute cuisine and the Michelin Guide. But almost three quarters of all dishes served in French bistros, brasseries and cafes are shipped in.
Man stops one and a half miles before Brighton marathon finish line to propose to girlfriend. Romantic Ben Parsons, 34, of Brighton, East Sussex, stunned girlfriend Anna Jefferson, 36, by getting down on one knee after running 24.5 miles. She was watching her boyfriend run in the Brighton marathon with their children.
Britain is looking forward to another week of glorious weather as bookmakers revealed this spring is now odds-on to be the warmest on record. On what is expected to be another unseasonably warm week, forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday.
Convicted murderer Nikko Jenkins tries to carve '666' into his forehead but does it backwards. It was meant to be the ultimate symbol of menace: carving '666'. But in a phenomenal case of idiocy, convicted murderer Nikko Jenkins used a mirror - so the numbers came out backwards.
Man dying of terminal cancer takes a job as an Uber driver. Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer, and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care. Instead, Broskey has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house. Now he is getting a little help too from Uber after they heard about his story.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, of Leytonstone, east London, got off his train at Mile End and picked a target on the platform - a 'confident and articulate' professional in her 20s, a court heard. He then followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could. Tahir sidled up to the victim and pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh as she stood with other passengers in the busy carriage on a hot summer’s day. Unable to leave the packed train, she tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his
The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios. It is not the first human-looking robot that his firm has created either. The Einstein robot, which made its public debut at the Technology, Entertainment and Design conference in the U.S in 2009, was developed at the University of California (UC).
'Cannibal Cop' Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online. For those hungry to learn about Valle and his stomach-churning fantasies, the film will also be shown on HBO in May.
Emma Forbes buys £27m London mansion. The four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. But it is not to everyone’s taste – one neighbour has described it as looking like a ‘downmarket mortuary’.
Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree, after a complaint was made by her next door neighbour Kay Daye. The court heard how council officials had told Ms Gaynor that she could trim the tree near her home but physically refused to show her how much.
Blind man refused entry to his local Post Office because he had a guide dog. Craig Roberts, 36, from Chadderton, Manchester, walked into his town's Post Office and an employee shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served. Even when Mr Roberts explained his two-year-old Golden Labrador Retriever Cross was a guide, the employee allegedly still insisted he should be left outside.
Vandals spray paint over statues of British monarchs Queen Victoria and King George V in South Africa. Excrement thrown at the statue of British colonialist Cecil John Rhodes has triggered a wave of protests across South Africa against 'racist' historical figures. Memorials to South Africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters.
Mill Millie Marotta's colourful book Animal Kingdom has sold 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages The book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals, plants and birds and encourages users to 'add your own touches with colours or line drawing' Millie has had a successful freelance illustration careeer with clients including Virgin Atlantic, Penguin books and Marks & Spencer, but it's her best-selling colouring book that really propelled her to fame. The book, Animal Kingdom, retails at £3.99 and is currently at the top of Amazon's Top 100 Books list.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week, after her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party. Mrs Price's son raised the alert on Saturday after he went to her house when she failed to respond on the phone.
Woman's worth: Pop-up shop in Pennsylvania charges female customers 76% less than men. Pittsburgh-based pop-up store, Less Than 100, has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap, meaning that female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full. 'It's incredible how deeply unconscious biases still permeate the ways in which we perceive (and value) women versus men,' owner Elana Schlenker told Refinery29.
Thousands of live earthworms have been falling from the sky in Norway - a rare phenomenon being reported across large swathes of the south of the country.A biology teacher discovered the worms on the surface of the snow while he was skiing in the mountains near Bergen at the weekend. Initially he thought they had wiggled their way through the snow, but dismissed this when he realised it was up to a metre deep in some places.
Jonathan Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home. Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim.
Pensioners aged over 75 will be guaranteed same-day appointments with their GP, as part of Tory plans for a huge cash injection for the NHS. This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the health service’s accounts over the next five years.
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret' until today. Official police documents filed Monday said that the man was arrested by Officer Garrett Miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he 'fled unprovoked after noticing police presence'.
Mysterious island of Por-Bajin: Mysterious island in Siberia was built to attract people instead of imprisoning them. The mysterious island, located in a lake in deepest Siberia, was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia. A reconstruction sought to show what the island could have looked like before it was ruined. Historians and scientists are divided, but some experts believe it was a summer palace, monastery, or an astronomical observatory.
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed the mock-Tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002. He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for at least four years. But the local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission.
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City. This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of renowned cosmetic dermatologist Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5 at his home in Miami.
Bear cub takes a nap on the back of his mother as she lies by on the bank of a lake in Russia. The heartwarming scenes, captured by professional photographer Denis Budkov, 35, during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, in Russia, show the animal family have bear-ly a concern in the world as they play and snooze in the sunshine. He sat and watched as the mother, who was also already lying on the banks of the lake,- became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs.
Sandra Bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder last year, according to a 911 call played in court Thursday. The Oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic.
Polls in Scotland put the SNP on course to make huge gains north of the border, taking dozens of seats from Labour and robbing Ed Miliband of all hopes of securing an overall majority. Ms Sturgeon today launched her party's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a Labour government, promising the rest of the UK the 'hand of friendship'. But a new ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next UK government.
Taxi driver ordered to pay lesbian couple $10,000 in damages after he told them to stop kissing in back of his cab. Mohammed Dahbi discriminated against actress Kassie Thornton and her TV executive partner Christy Spitzer after ordering them to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom'.
'beautiful young vampires' have led to a surge of young people dabbling in occult forces, an exorcism expert says. Notable TV shows including True Blood and the Twilight film series - starring Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson - are said to be encouraging the surge and driving a new generation of what the Church considers demonic 'possessions'. Professor Giuseppe Ferrari, head of the Italian occult watchdog The Group on Research and Socio-Religious Information, made the revelation when speaking to a Vatican-backed exorcism course in Rome.
Punk Punk fashion takes to the catwalk at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia. Adding a gritty edge to Tuesday at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia, Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style.
Ryan Ryan Giggs apologises to brother over eight-year affair. Ryan, 41, phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling.
UPS driver loses leg after being hit by car swerving to avoid jaywalker. Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island, leaving the hanging by a thread. Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding.
Nicola Sturgeon today faced claims she would 'paralyse' the UK economy with her demand for another referendum on Scottish independence. The SNP leader, who has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead, sparked outrage with her suggestion by refusing to rule out a second vote on breaking up the Union.
ISIS secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate and take control of Syrian villages. A cache of documents detailing the plans to take over Syrian villages and establish the caliphate have been discovered in Syria, Der Spiegel reveals. The handwritten charts and notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel better known by nom de guerre Haji Bakr, explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in the area. The 'blueprints' outline exactly how the group intended to infiltrate villages and cities by recruiting young men as spies.
Deputy Patrick O’Melia, 39, a deputy with the Volusia County Sheriff’s Office, was flagged down while he was on patrol near DeLand in Florida and asked to help 34-year-old Justin Braddock. When Mr O'Melia found Braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car he spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually revived him.
Betting market predicts Tories will win more seats than Labour. With just 28 days to go before polling day, Labour and the Tories remain neck and neck. The latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent, pointing to another hung Parliament on May 7. But while voters are saying one thing in public, Britain's bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private – with punters placing a flood of cash on the Tories.
Bloodstained checklist for the first US spacewalk could be sold at auction for £80,000. A bloodstained document revealing a life-or-death episode that could have derailed the whole US space programme of the 1960s is tipped to sell for a huge $120,000. The splatters of blood on the checklist were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft after a historic venture. But the Gemini 4 mission of June 1965 ultimately proved successfully, and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon four years later.
Chelsea Manning opens up about 'painful and awkward' process of transitioning to a woman. Whistleblower Chelsea Manning has given in an in-depth interview from behind bars in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, describing the painful and awkward process and conditions of transitioning from inside a military prison. Born Bradley Manning, the 27-year-old former intelligence analyst was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website and was subsequently sentenced to 35 years prison.
Russian journalist injured after stepping on landmine in Ukraine. Andrei Lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in Shyrokyne, a village near Mariupol in East Ukraine, and suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds. He received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues.
Thousands of red wooden huts built in China's Sertar Buddhist settlement. Among the green rolling hills in the Larung Gar Valley in China, the last thing you would expect to see in the countryside are thousands of red huts that have been built in a massive cluster. Despite its secluded location it is home to 40,000 nuns and monks, who flock to study, attend lectures and dwell in the mountains. The red and brown houses are nearly identical, with one to three rooms per hut and no heating or toilets installed.
Toxic pesticide methyl bromide caused Delaware family to become seriously ill at US Virgin Islands resort. The Esmond family had rented a second-floor condominium at Sirenusa, a resort of 22 villas, late last month. The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma.
The 'Range Rover of the seas' superyacht comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty for space for supercar and jetski storage. With space for 12 lucky guests on board, the concept yacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro is the ultimate toy for the extremely wealthy. It was designed to withstand any weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe - all while looking incredibly stylish.
Two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after 'all hell broke loose' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at Pontins. Police were called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside, yesterday evening.
Benefits cheat who pocketed £17,000 of taxpayers' money and spent it on luxury holidays despite having £27,000 in bank avoids jail. Mary Day, 60, of Swanage in Dorset, used taxpayers’ money to go on holidays to the Indian resort of Goa for up to a month each time. Her savings were £11,000 above the £16,000 threshold for savings while claiming benefits.
White-cheeked macaque is one of the largest in the world. A new species of monkey has been discovered after scientists learned to distinguish it by the appearance of its penis. Officially named Macaca leucogenys, it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria, was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming'. He was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years, ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £1,580. The court was told the incident took place early on Monday January 19 at the tapas bar.
Ed Ed Miliband overtakes David Cameron as the most popular political leader for the first time. The Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories with just 28 days until polling day.
Grilled cheese lovers have sex at least six times a month. Forget oysters and Champagne, it seems the go-to food for the best lovers is the humble cheese toastie. According to a new survey of 4,600 people, almost three quarters (73 per cent) of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex.
Dave Hughes refuses to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television. Hughes and Hinch appeared on Monday night's Q&A panel discussing depression and alcohol, following the emergence of a video featuring Prime Minister Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a pub. Audience member Lauren Hayes asked Mr Abbott if he thought Mr Abbott's 'display of irresponsible drinking was an act of peer pressure or an attempt to become more popular with younger voters'.
Labour appeared split on its proposed new 50p top rate of income tax today after shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna said it should only be a temporary measure. His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate, introduced for the last few weeks of Gordon Brown's government as a trap for the Tories.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party, which is running a 'Save the Pub' campaign in the run up to the election. The pub, known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises, declared its support over the weekend. It also states that it opposes minimum pricing of alcohol.
Mother-of-four calls herself the'real life vampire' as she has a rare medical condition that makes her allergic to the sun. Lorraine Valentine suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or UV light. A holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days, as the heat caused her entire body to swell.
Briton and his partner arrested in Hong Kong after 15-year-old daughter falls to her death. Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, were held over alleged 'ill treatment' of their child after it emerged that her birth was never registered and they did not attend school. The couple were also being questioned by police over claims that Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed her visa.
Older workers are risking redundancy and long-term unemployment because of poor technology skills, it is claimed. Experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people, meaning many older workers were left behind in the workplace.
Drug addict and convicted thief Jake Castner taunts police on Facebook as he spends his fifth day on the run. The troubled teenager’s Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ‘bud for cash’ and an image of him smoking a glass pipe. He boasted on the social media site: ‘We don’t talk to police!’.
Gunfights break out in Mexico city after drug cartel leader's arrest. Gunfights broke out and vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area. Activity in parts of Reynosa, a city across the Rio Grande from McAllen, Texas, ground to a halt on Friday afternoon after.
Mother diagnosed with dementia at 41 fears she will forget her teenage daughter. Kelly Watson, of Gateshead in Tyne and Wear, started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination. Despite regular trips to GPs, it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young.
Pompous Albert, a grey cat with tufty hair and a permanent frown, is a social media sensation. Move over Grumpy Cat - the latest sourpuss to become an internet sensation is scowling feline PompOUS Albert. The grey cat, from Salt Lake City, has already racked up a remarkable 44.1K followers on Instagram. Albert, who's a Selkirk Rex cat, was also named after his famous lookalike - Albert Einstein, thanks to his wild locks, which are a trademark of his breed.
Kent Kent Sprouse was put to death by lethal injection Thursday night in Texas. Sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a Dallas-area convenience store.
Family adopts orphaned bear cub after its mother was killed by poachers. The Shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub, which is unable to survive on its own, since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago. With scenes reminiscent of the fairy tale Goldilocks and the Three Bears, the family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear at the family's home in Tulun, in Russia's Irkutsk region.
Anna Foord, of Elstree, Hertfordshire, convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent, a court heard. The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made. She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam.
Police rescue victims from a flipped Holden Commodore after a dramatic police chase over the weekend that ended in a serious crash. Captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast, the body cam vision shows the officers saving several victims from inside a flipped Commodore despite the threat of smouldering flames on the car. A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with a broken neck. A police helicopter monitoring the Commodore captured the vehicle running a red light, before crashing into a
Prince George's new brother or sister is expected to happen later this week. With just over a week to go until the Duchess of Cambridge hits her due date, preparations for the new arrival at her Norfolk home, dubbed 'Fortress Anmer', have been heating up. Carole Middleton, the new baby's grandmother, has become a permanent fixture at the country home, while in the nursery, nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for help from Russia to 'fight the alien invader'. The president and former actor went off-script during a peace summit in Geneva.
Transgender comedian Rye Silverman stars in ModCloth's Fashion Truth campaign. The 32-year-old Los Angeles resident has long-been a fan of the brand's clothing collection, and frequently posts images of herself wearing the clothing on the company's Style Gallery, an open fashion forum where customers can showcase how they have styled each item to suit their own personal tastes. It was through these images that Rye caught the eye of the label's executives, who were quick to contact her about starring as one of their monthly Fashion Truth stars, a group of individuals who help the brand to get across the message that fashion is for
Cheryl Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president. 'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post.
Easter is here! And whilst many Australians are enjoying an abundance of sugary treats, many are wondering how much it's going to cost them.
Alison Sharland wins right to reopen £10.35m divorce battle with ex-husband Charles Sharland. The Court of Appeal found that Mr Sharland, 54, had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court but refused to overturn the divorce settlement. Mrs Sharland will now take her fight to the Supreme Court.
Gina Maria Schumacher shows off her impressive riding skills at horse show in Germany. The 17-year-old was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth and looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament. She is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament.
Kieron Power, 54, from Esher, Surrey, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars after he took photographs of two vehicles parked up in a bus stand - because his wife was given a £110 ticket for doing the same thing. He said: ‘I was annoyed that my wife had been given a ticket for briefly stopping somewhere the police always park, but I never dreamed I would be accused of being a terrorist.’ Mr Power’s wife has paid the ticket for parking behind the Bittoms centre in Kingston after an appeal on the grounds that police were blocking
Mary Kay Letourneau and her student-turned-lover to talk about their relationship in tell-all interview on 10th wedding anniversary. Disgraced teacher Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20', which will air on Friday. The former Seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with Fualuau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when she was just 13.
Woman killed by Illinois tornado is found 35 miles away. A lost photograph showing Geraldine Schultz, 67, was blown from the home where she died in Fairdale, Illinois, to the town of Harvard, 35 miles from her home. It showed her alongside her husband Clem Schultz, 84, and was taken around 1980.
Audrey Pekin, 19, says she was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu, who she had met with other friends a few days earlier when he lured her to his remote home - and then assaulted her again in a taxi as she tried to flee. According to Channel 9's A Current Affair, the pair began drinking together at the Bounty Bar in Kuta, before moving to the nearby Sky Garden to continue the night.
Utah student sues school district for failing to fire English teacher Brianne Altice. A second Utah student has filed a lawsuit against the Davis County School District for hiring an English teacher who then allegedly went on to have sex with him and two other boys. Disgraced Davis High School educator, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students.
Neanderthals may have eaten recently deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals. This is according to marks found on the fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in the French region of Poitou-Charentes.
Glen Walford, 75, has spent two years fighting Worcestershire County Council over whether the £205,000 house should be used to recover the cost of her mother’s care. Now the council has won the right to force her to use the equity in the house, where she intended to retire, for care home fees, which can be up to £600 a week.
Ex-boyfriend Lee Keeley, 38, attacked his ex-partner in courtroom. An ex-girlfriend suffered a cut to her right ear, bruising and swelling to the ear, a grazed cheek as well as bruised ribs. The 38-year-old defendant chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper in January.
These are the 'nail' houses in China left standing after their owners refused to give in to property developers vying for their demolition. Homes such as these in China are known as ‘dingzihu’ or ‘nail houses’ because they stick out and are difficult to remove, like a stubborn nail. One house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move.
Mother-of-one cured of 30-year snake phobia live on TV. Before today, Dawn Williamson, 39 and based in Scotland, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking, and would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day. But viewers of ITV1's This Morning were amazed as therapists Nik and Eva Speakman broke down Dawn's phobia with their no-nonsense approach, which involved 'proving' to Dawn that her fear was irrational.
Google has announced a tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term 'find my phone' on the site's homepage. It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed, and it appears to only work when you're signed into your Google account on Chrome - although this hasn't been confirmed.
Sulinh Lafontaine is not a daredevil stunt driver who raced in Furious 7 - she just plays one on TV. In the run-up to the premiere of the latest installment in the Fast & Furious franchise, the athletic, petite brunette gained notice with her claims she was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick starring Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez and Dwayne Johnson.
Forensic psychiatrist says Lou Gehrig's disease is the reason a former sheriff's deputy killed his wife and sister-in-law. Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, of Lake Elmo, Minnesota. Taking the stand for the defense on Day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial, Dr Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife is delusional and shows Steele's brain was deteriorating because of
Mummified monk who lived for 102 years preserved in crystal display case. Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in central China's Anyang City. Now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible.
Voters don't feel the need to know about politician's wives, a poll has found. They have invited us into their kitchens and proudly shown off their families. But most of us are fed up with hearing about the wives and children of the party leaders, it seems. For 71 per cent of voters say they are choosing politicians, a ComRes survey for the Daily Mail and ITV News reveals. Only 25 per cent believe it is important to get to know party leaders’ families.
Australian woman finds buried treasure in Bali ocean. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: ‘Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny’. The Facebook message has already been shared an astonishing 23 thousand times, taking the search for the special ring global. Roxy Walsh shared a photo of a gold ring she found on Facebook in the hope of finding its owner.
Jamie Jamie Pettingill, who threatened to slice off a schoolboy's face, was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones. Jamie, 26, robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones, and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family, County Court Judge Sandra Davis said.
Abuse survivor Marie Surprenant writes open letter to her social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case and placing her in a happy home where she is loved. An eight-year-old abuse survivor, who was beaten so severely as an infant that she permanently lost the use of her legs, has written a heartwrenching open letter thanking them. 'I want to thank you for making me happy by giving me a new warm and safe environment.
Isis leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike and is no longer in control of the terrorists, according to an Iraqi source. The source said that he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition while travelling in a three-car convoy in March in Nineveh, Iraq.
84-year-old man dies in hospital after setting himself on fire while driving. Christopher Flowers was traveling down Chili Avenue, near Route 390, in Rochester on March 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt, causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames.
Student who stripped naked and ran through Byron Bay to win a free kebab is labelled a 'goose' in court. Jack Mascitelli, from Victoria, took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45am during schoolies week in the popular NSW beach town. The prank backfired when he accidentally ran'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers.
Toshiba's humanoid robot known as Aiko Chihira, is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo. Toshiba describes the eerie android, which has blinking eyes and a fixed smile, as having the appearance of 'a friendly young woman.'
Three Sent to prison for brutal torture of 53-year-old man. A Philadelphia court heard Thursday that Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of the gang, who have become known as the 'tattoo terrorists'.
House In The Sea is the ultimate Robin Crusoe escape, a lonely house on its own island - just off the coast of Cornwall. The house is located in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge. Surrounded by water and isolated from the town, the tiny island is far from basic. The interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design.
Woman falls in love with driver who crashed into her car. Ranette Afonso, 42, will marry Marko Conte, 30, this October after they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months of the fateful bump. Ranette, from north London, said: 'I was waiting for my husband, who had popped into the bank, when I noticed a sporty Nissan Skyline trying to squeeze into a tiny space behind me.
Kyle Seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court after his lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf. Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work.
Kentucky woman forced to give birth on I-65 while stuck in traffic waiting for Presidential motorcade to pass. Fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock, sitting in her car nearby, who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy, Arley, safely.
Juarez Cartel boss Jesus Salas Aguayo 'linked to the bloodiest events ever recorded in Juarez City'. A Mexican cartel boss known as ‘The Liquidator’ has been detained by the country’s authorities, who claim he is ‘linked to some of the most violent events in the history of the city’. He is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics, homicide and arms trafficking.
Cannes Film Festival: Celebrities told to stop taking selfies. Since Ellen Degeneres broke the internet with her celebrity selfie at last year's Oscars, taking mobile phone snaps on the red carpet has become a must-do for A list stars. But this year's Cannes Film Festival has been declared a selfie-free zone.
Mother opens up about watching her daughter die from brain-eating amoeba. Sybil Meister firmly believes her daughter Koral Reef picked up the deadly and mysterious Balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013. Reef married her high school sweetheart that July and began to show worsening symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later. By October 2014, Reef would be dead.
Teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils as young as six. The NASUWT union said indiscipline is a ‘significant problem’, with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched. Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats.
Chaos: Caught on Camera airs on Science Channel. A new series, Chaos Caught On Camera, premieres Monday, April 13, and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama, giving a unique perspective of real life or death situations. The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage.
Moldovan multi-millionaire Dmitry Kaminskiy promises to give $1 million to the first person to reach the age of 123. Dmitry Kaminskyy, a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians'. He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the'real absolute limit to human lifespan'..
Britainians are so confident of a scorching summer that bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records. The record for the hottest day ever in Britain was set more than a decade ago in August 2003 when temperatures hit 38.1C (101F) in Gravesend, Kent.
Frances Cappuccini died within hours of her second son’s birth after suffering major complications that resulted in the loss of half her blood. The 30-year-old – a primary school teacher – had intended to have an elective caesarean at Tunbridge Wells Hospital.
TV drama will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers. The drama, commissioned by the Customs and Border Security Agency, will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea.
Uber driver in San Francisco charged with assault after ramming into cyclist. The incident occurred in the busy Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco when the cyclist rode up to the vehicle, yelled at the driver, banged on his window and pushed in his mirror, police spokesman Carlos Manfredi told AFP.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. In the message, the mother of two explained that she was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area at Lihue Airport on Kauai when an Alaska Airlines representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and came up to her asking if she needed anything.
Terminally ill boy gets married at his bedside in hospital. Corey Edwards, from Teignmouth, Devon more than anything wanted to see his parents Craig, 28, and Jemma, 21, tie the knot. The five-year-old was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect at the age of seven months and since then has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering that her husband of six years had been leading a double life. Far from being the loyal husband she believed him to be, Andrew O’Clee had secretly moved in with finance manager Philippa Campbell, who lived 40 miles away.
Taxpayer money is being used to fund an ‘army’ of spin doctors with more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the UK. The number of communications employees working for local government is more than two times that working across 20 central government departments. London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities, four times more than the entire editorial staff at the Evening Standard, the Times reported.
Overweight mother-of-four becomes a fitness model at 41 after losing five dress sizes. Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike. She has now left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day. She says her transformation has completely changed her life.
Richard Williams, 54, had spent £50,000 of the cash turning a canal narrowboat into a replica German Second World War submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope. His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs of £1,017,505.
Shrewsbury and Telford hospital pays £2,200 to temporary nurse to cover a single 12-hour shift. The figure, which equates to £183 an hour, was paid by the NHS Trust. It represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a Freedom of Information request. It also emerged there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust.
Child rapist Arman Nejad jailed for five years after bungled police investigation that allowed him to live as a free man just streets away from girl he raped. Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her in October 2009 as she walked to a youth club in Moss Side, Manchester. The girl, now 18, eventually went to police in February 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case.
This extraordinary video - captured when a skydiver dropped his GoPro camera at 10,000ft - shows what it is like to freefall to the ground. The clip shows the very moment the helmet camera becomes detached and makes its dizzying descent back to earth. After what begins as a routine skydive - with two of the jumpers linking hands in mid-air as two companions circle them - the camera slips from helmet and makes a stomach-churning plunge.
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys, who she met only weeks earlier on dating site Plenty of Fish. The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in Gwernaffield near Mold, Flintshire, North Wales, when Jeffreys followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage.
Shanna McCormick, 31, whose weight had ballooned to nearly 28st, managed to lose 16.5st in two years so she can walk down the aisle with pride. She was a size 20 and weighed 22st. Doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she didn't slim down.
Jamelia responds to furious backlash after saying obese women'should feel uncomfortable' about their unhealthy size. The Loose Women panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers, and now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
Why do we snack? Snacking is an important way to control hunger and while we would like to think we reach for something healthy like carrot sticks, raisins or a handful of almonds, more often than not it's salty crisps, sweet biscuits or cheap chocolate that we tend to munch on. But why exactly do we snack? And if we knew what the triggers were, would we be able to stop ourselves from reaching for unhealthy foods?
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. She has been arrested multiple times, including for loitering, drug possession, jumping a turnstile and trespassing.
Stone flakes shaped more than 3.3 million years ago could be the world's oldest tools created by early human ancestors. The discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously. Archaeologists have revealed that they have discovered 20 stone flakes and anvils - used to help shape the tools - just west of Lake Turkana in Kenya.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was ushered out of the courtroom in Daytona Beach, Florida. He is accused of walking into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Monday and killing his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44,.
A bat suffering from arthritis has found an unusual cure for his pain by sipping on a mug of tea. Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea.
Photographer Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry. The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern.
Labour would introduce a new legal right to ‘granny leave’ to allow working grandparents to take time off to help care for their grandchildren. The party’s deputy leader Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare.
Mum threatens to ban daughter from seeing her own children because she refuses to stop partying. The woman, named only as Gemma, has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Now Debbie is threatening to ban Gemma from seeing the children at all, after discovering her daughter's penchant for legal high MKat, and because she suspects her of stealing.
Royal superfans arrive at Lindo Wing ahead of Kate Middleton's birth. From the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's 2011 wedding to the 2012 Diamond Jubilee, no royal event would be complete without them. Now a trickle of royal fans, some familiar faces among them, have begun arriving.
Head teacher of Indian school accused of beating 11-year-old pupil to death for stealing another's boy's pencil and eraser. Lalit Verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy's bag at Dwarika Prasad School in Railamau village.
Amanda Knox may have finally cleared her name, but eight years of legal battles have left the Seattle native penniless, exhausted and traumatized from stress, claims her biographer. 'In prison, she was threatened with rape from a male guard, it was a really terrible experience.'
Man charged with murdering Irish student Karen Buckley. Alexander Pacteau, 21, allegedly killed the nursing student, whose disappearance sparked a huge police search earlier this week. He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice.
AreAre you the first to jump on the latest food fad bandwagon? Do you regularly 'detox' with a green tea or a wheatgrass juice?.
JustJustine Miliband fell in love with her husband Ed after she was attacked by a Doberman while canvassing on his behalf - even though she had been 'furious' with him after a bungled first date. Mrs Miliband, 44, has revealed that she first met the Labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend and thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached'.
Tor Tori Spelling hospitalized after tripping on hot grill. It was supposed to be a joyous Easter Sunday celebration, but the brunch turned into yet another drama for Tori, who suffered an accident causing her to be hospitalized. According to eyewitnesses at Benihana's Japanese Restaurant in Encino, California, Tori and her family had enjoyed their Easter brunch, when Tori tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers.
Zoella comes under fire from Jamie Oliver's company over adverts for unhealthy foods that appear next to her vlogs on YouTube. Internet star Zoella, real name Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, has enjoyed meteoric success after her blog and video posts amassed a huge teen following on social media. The 25-year-old, from Brighton, posted a video entitled 'Stuff Your Mouth' with ThatcherJoe (My Brother). The video showed her and her sibling trying to guess what each other was saying while filling their mouth with marshmallows.
Georgia high school basketball coach Greg Scott dies of leukemia. Less than 24 hours after the devastating diagnosis, the 51-year-old married father of two and grandfather unexpectedly succumbed to the deadly disease. For the past eight years, Scott had taught special education and social studies at Cass High School.
Robert Menendez faces 15 years in prison if convicted of bribery for helping donor Dr Salomon Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. on visas. The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salmon Melgen, 60, according to a 68-page federal indictment unsealed this month and detailed in the New York Post. Perhaps the most embarrassing of the accusations is that Menendez used his influence to get visas for married Melgen's multiple young lovers abroad - including a Brazilian model who posed on the cover of
Muslim Muslim Engagement and Development (Mend) was said to have boasted that they can act as 'kingmakers' when the country goes to the polls. The group, which wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution, has bragged that it is in talks with both the Conservatives and Labour, according to the Daily Telegraph.
Little girl who slipped through metal bars and became trapped by the neck was saved by the heroic efforts of her neighbours. Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself in the Xiangtan, south China. The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property.
Big Brother's Siyanda Ngwenya accused of raping fellow housemate. A contestant on the South African version of Big Brother has been expelled from the show after being accused of rape a fellow fellow contestant. The pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling in bed before the cameras moved away.
Alessandra Ambrosio in hospital after suffering 'constant headaches' at Coachella. The Brazilian supermodel underwent the procedure on Tuesday. She is currently being monitored at UCLA Hospital in Westwood, Los Angeles.
Made In Chelsea's Andy Jordan enjoys a stay at Travelodge. He's known as living in one of the most exclusive postcodes in London, and enjoying the best bars and restaurants with his wealthy co-stars, but Chelsea boy Andy Jordan's heart lies outside the capital. From getting stopped and searched for drugs in Mexico, to hijacking tuk tuks in India, the fun-loving broker has had many adventures beyond London's exclusive SW3 postcode.
Mystery surrounds the sensational CCTV footage showing the gem thieves in the middle of their audacious £60million heist after it was suggested that the police had missed this crucial evidence The Daily Mirror published sensational pictures of the Hatton Garden raiders 21 hours before Scotland Yard released them in a bid to appeal for information about identities of the thieves The tabloid claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted', according to a report today in its sister title The Sunday Mirror, with an apparent source saying it 'blows the case wide open'. But yesterday afternoon detectives insisted they already had the CCTV footage, which they claim was recovered
Aboriginal Model Management Australia hopes 10 of its girls will join Samantha Harris at next year's fashion week. The first name that comes to mind when thinking of Aboriginal models for even the most die-hard of fashionistas is Samantha Harris who was one of the most prominent faces during Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia in Sydney this week. The only other indigenous face to join the 24-year-old stunner at the biggest week on the country's fashion calendar over the past two years is Lauren Feenstra.
Fitness star Ashy Bines faces court action over unpaid $300,000 tax debt. The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. The case will be heard in Brisbane court next Friday with Pilot Partners already consenting to be liquidators if the tax office wins.
Pennie Davis, 47, was killed by a homeless petty crook who was hired by her ex-lover's son. He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier.
Ming Dynasty's 'Martial City' to be restored to its former glory. At two kilometres in circumference and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall, Wanquan Castle had a reputation that struck fear into opposing armies. So much so that battle plans would be drawn up to specifically give the castle a wide berth.
Robert Downey Jr raffles off date with himself to Avengers premiere. The Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron. His offer - which also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride - was up for grabs via $10 (£6.80) raffle tickets and raised money for children's hospice Julia's House.
Baby gorillas make their debut at Bronx Zoo after being born just 48 hours apart. The Western Lowland Gorillas have been spotted roaming around the zoo's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit with their mothers Layla and Kumi, who are both 16 years old. Pictured riding around on their mother's backs, or cuddling up in their arms, the duo have been welcomed by the other 17 gorillas in the enclosure.
The Lion King: Little girl's tear-jerking reaction to Mufasa's death is captured on camera by her father. Shot by adoring dad, called Barles Charkley on the site, who is based in Baltimore, Maryland, the video stars his toddler daughter Viktoria, as she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of Simba the lion's father, Mufasa. It's captioned: 'Viktoria watching Lion King for the first time, and Scar just killed Mufaa!' He then urges viewers to 'check out' her reaction.
Gareth Edwards who directed Godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the mysterious film, which is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core 'Star Wars' saga. 'For more than 1,000 generations, the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic,' says Alec Guinness as Obi Wan Kenobi in a voiceover reprised from 1977's Star Wars: A New Hope.
Eurocamp campsite review: Camping La Chapelle in Argeles-sur-Mer, France. The fatal decision was to try and wash the children, toddler Joe and five-year-old Anna, after arriving in a tired and tetchy state at Camping La Chapelle. It was at this point I discovered that we didn't have any hot water and the baby bath had a big hole in the bottom.
Wine Wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks that recommends pairing Pinot Grigio with nachos and Shiraz Rose with salt and vinegar crisps. A Riesling is the perfect companion to a sausage roll, Chardonnay goes great with wasabi peas or pittas and hummus, and Merlot is the best glass to compliment a box of chocolates.
Woman killed after driving SUV around crossing gate. A woman was killed instantly on Wednesday after she drove her SUV around an active crossing gate and collided with an Amtrak train in Mississippi. The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian, according to Lauderdale County Coroner Clayton Cobler.
Luke Brett Moore, 27, managed to live a life of excess despite being on social security because of a bank fault. Opening a freedom saving account with St George Bank in 2010, Moore was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years.
Danniella Westbrook's ex-fiancé Tom Richards arrested for allegedly assaulting and harassing her. Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea. After being held in a cell for 11 hours, the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation.
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of the Three network, to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost. Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network.
Police hunt two schoolboys who doused fellow pupil in WD40 before threatening to set him alight. The victim, who has not been named, was walking in the subway underneath a major road in Newbury, Berkshire, when two boys - aged about 12 to 13 - approached him. They sprayed the highly flammable WD40, usually used on cars or locks, over him before producing a lighter and threatening to burn him. The victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment.
Monkey unscrews lid of water bottle and takes a drink. Filmed on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia the video, shot by Australian tourist Dirk Nienaber, shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide, who squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down. The video was filmed on a day when the monkey was relaxing on a beach in the resort town of Kuta, Bali. As the monkey continues to approach, the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk – as if aware of what the monkey
JohnnyJohnny Manziel was spotted for the first time since being released from rehab. The footballer checked into a facility on January 28 after stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammate,' and Tuesday night the Cleveland Browns quarterback was seen enjoying a Texas Rangers game.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan. He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences and had been named on a list of fugitives published as part of the National Crime Agency's Operation Captura campaign ahead of his detention.
Former PM John Howard helps his driver change a flat tyre. Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road in Sydney recently as his driver changed their flat tyre. Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Conservatorium in when she noticed the vehicle and got out to offer some assistance. She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo becomes first US governor to visit Cuba. The Governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement.
Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests. He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals 'I've got a fair sentence in my mind and it involves going to jail for everybody,' said Baxter.
Nigel Nigel Farage is touring the country hoping to show how Britain can cope without Europe. But the Ukip leader's campaign came to an embarrassing halt when on a tour of a hinge factory he met an Hungarian worker who spoke no English.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. Now, after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point.
Buckingham Palace guard slips and falls on a manhole cover in front of hundreds of shocked tourists. Holidaymaker David Meadwell recorded the unscheduled manouevre outside Buckingham Palace on Thursday afternoon. The Guard comprises two detachments, one each for Buckingham Palace and St James's Palace.
John Travolta claims Scientology has helped him'save lives', including his own. The actor believes the controversial church is targeted 'because it's not understood'. And despite allegations that he has been blackmailed by the elders to remain in the congregation, he insists: 'I've loved every minute of it.'
Incredible video shows the beauty of the sun as it bursts with energy. The movie, called Sun, was created by filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany. It uses footage recorded by Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) spacecraft between 2011 and 2015.
British Army fires 46 million bullets at Taliban during Afghanistan conflict at a cost of £200 million. The British Army fired 46 million rounds at the Taliban during the eight-year Afghanistan conflict. The large amount of ammunition expended during the conflict shows the intense nature of the fighting between British troops and their Taliban opponents. A further two million 9mm rounds were fired from handguns.
Restaurant where 24 customers were struck down with food poisoning was found with mouse droppings on the floor and rotting meat in the kitchen. The Sutton Arms, in Elton, Stockton, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences when he appeared at Teesside Magistrates' Court yesterday. Inspectors discovered evidence of a rodent infestation in the food storage area which was littered with droppings and food past its sell-by date.
Researchers in the US examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40. Half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days.
Ellia Beasley has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret featuring Lost Prophet lyrics in one of her inkings. She loved the song so much, she decided to have a tattoo on her belly in 2012 featuring the lyrics'scream your heart out'. But the aspiring model from New Milton, Hampshire, lives to regret her decision after the band's lead singer was later exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser.
Former DPP says lawyers involved in decision not to charge Lord Janner with child abuse in 2007 failed to pass new evidence to him. Greville Janner, 86, escaped prosecution for a string of child abuse allegations because the Crown Prosecution Service said Alzheimer’s has left him unfit to face trial. He attended the House of Lords almost daily and claimed more than £100,000 in expenses in the four years after he was diagnosed with the disease. He only stopped attending Parliament – and claiming up to £300 a day for doing so – when police raided his house on December 2013.
ISIS thugs using sledgehammers and AK-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in Iraq's UNESCO World Heritage city of Hatra. In the slickly produced seven minute footage, jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues. Militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars, while eerie music plays in the background. The jihadists also bulldozed ruins in Hatra in March.
Plus-size blogger Amanda Dobbins posts candid photos of herself wearing Lane Bryant lingerie. A New York-based writer who has grown tired of the battle between fat and skinny, is blaming plus-size retailer Lane Bryant for continuing to perpetuate the weight war. Amanda Richards hit out at Lane Bryant's recent I'm No Angel lingerie campaign, which was widely perceived to have been a rather blatant critique of popular lingerie giant Victoria's Secret.
U.S. Army Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan Urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground, he slipped on the ice, causing both to tumble over while still hugging. As part of the planned surprise, Eitan and his wife Ronit, of Scottsdale, Arizona, had been invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday. The National Hockey League organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years. But when it was announced there'd be a special guest bringing them
Would you like a side of pot with your main course? Food pairing menus are all the rage these days, with beers, wines and even coffees all getting the matching makeover from experts. But one US restaurant has taken things a step further by matching their mains to marijuana. Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, has launched its pot-pairing menu which matches five falafels to different strains of weed.
Florida man arrested for throwing Snickers bar at bus driver's head. Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar. When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said.
Clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after the household products company sparked outrage by tweeting 'where's the bleach' in reference to last week's introduction of new 'emoji' cartoons for iPhones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin. The company, based in Oakland, California, tried to make amends with another post that said, 'Wish we could bleach away our last tweet.'
Massachusetts man arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials. Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell tried to hide from the cameras as he was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday, pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device. This after authorities searched the residences following an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, from Middleton, Greater Manchester, was told there were 82 applications for just 30 places at the school this year. Her sons Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school and she believed there would be 'no issue' with her daughter gaining a place. But when the school allocations were revealed this morning she found out her youngest would have to go to a different school, which is a 20 minute walk from her other children's.
Homestay holiday guide: Where to stay in the world. These days you can ditch hotels and stay in a real house just about anywhere. Find the one that best suits you with our guide.
Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase claims to keep wrinkles at bay. The $40 (£26) cloth cover - which comes with a lifetime guarantee - is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep. The pillowcase, made by Hammacher Schlemmer, in Canada, was developed by a dermatologist and contains no creams or chemicals.
Man defends his home from four armed burglars by hacking pieces out of them with a Samurai sword. Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders, who fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood. The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba, in central Argentina.
Lindsey Vonn watches Tiger Woods play on at the 6th hole during Round 1 of the 79th Masters Golf Tournament at Augusta National Golf Club on Thursday. Vonn's sympathy should come as no surprise, not only because she is girlfriend.
The best Airbnb rentals from each decade. There's no denying that the British interior aesthetic has come a long way over the past several decades. And for those looking to step back in time during a weekend getaway, there are plenty of options available at your fingertips.
Hu Huw Thomas, the Labour candidate in Ceredigion, West Wales, suggested on an online forum in 2006 that the flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'. He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E writing during the 2006 World Cup: 'I agree it is totally sickening the number of English flags to be seen around Wales.'
The Sound of Music in Salzburg, Austria. In February, when Lady Gaga went on stage at the Oscars, millions of viewers in more than 200 countries saw her perform a tribute to The Sound Of Music to mark its 50th anniversary. In Los Angeles there was a standing ovation when the original star, Julie Andrews, came on stage.
'gross' SNL sketch makes light of teacher raping 16-year-old student. The scene portrayed a teenager testifying called Gavin Daly, played by Pete Davidson, in court during the trial of Janet Johnson-Luna, 32, played by Cecily Strong. The youngster tells the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit.
Hillary Clinton's 'listening tour' to Iowa community college students. Of the ten students interviewed in the school's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton. 'What else is she supposed to do?'.
Breakthrough. by Jack Andraka with Matthew Lysiak.
Maryland father and his seven children were discovered dead Monday afternoon from carbon monoxide poisoning caused by a generator they were using after the power company had cut off their electricity, according to relatives. The tragic incident took place in Princess Anne - a community of 3,260 in Somerset County, Maryland.
Three-year-old Jack Crowe drowned after falling into his family's swimming pool on his third birthday. Jack Rowe was found face down in his family’s swimming pool in Upavon, Wiltshire, last July around 20 minutes after being reported missing to police. The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, an inquest into his death heard. He was airlifted to Southampton General Hospital but later died.
Green Party pledges £176 billion a year spending splurge. State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent. The party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one, introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways.
Husky-corgi cross abandoned and looking for a new home. At just 18.5in from foot to shoulder, this diminutive fellow looks as if he was the runt of his litter. He is, in fact, a fully grown husky cross.
Prince George 'blinged-up' with a tattoo, addresses a female doctor with 'Oi, oi! Hello treacle'. The nation has yet to hear the first words of Prince George. But thanks to new puppet show Newzoids, we can at least get a version of them.
Family's heartbreak after two of their beloved pet dogs were shot dead by their neighbour. The horrific incident happened after Lisa and James Tuttle moved with their five children to the rural village of Geldeston in Norfolk in 2005. They thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home.
Chris Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference was told he couldn't fly on United Airlines Saturday, due to comments he'd made on Twitter. Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday after landing in Syracuse, New York, and was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy.
College student wins a game of Rock Paper Scissors at Texas music festival. An unidentified college student managed to get away without any kind of punishment after cops caught her drinking underage at a festival - because she beat them at a game. She won!
Connecticut man arrested on gun charge in 1990 art heist. Robert Gentile appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent. His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, contended Federal Bureau of Investigation agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the. theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabel Stewart.
David Crossley, 63, from Birmingham, developed two large stones in his right kidney - a direct result, his doctors believe, of his low fluid intake. A CT scan showed that the stones were so large (6 mm across) they could not be passed naturally.
Union barons handed Ed Miliband more than £1.6m in first week of election campaign. Figures released by the Electoral Commission revealed that Labour received $1.9million in the week to April 5, with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions. It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labour's reliance on the union's militant boss Len McCluskey.
Mother of anorexia sufferer reveals shocking photographs of her daughter's frail five-stone frame to help others overcome their illness. Consumed by an obsession with the 'perfect body', Emma Walker slipped into a dangerous cycle, her weight plummeting in a matter of months. Such was the severity of her eating disorder, that the 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions.
Japanese airline All Nippon Airways is set to unveil its latest livery in honour of the Star Wars films and in particular one of its much loved characters. The Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2, the small round robot that appears in every episode with his multi-lingual sidekick C-3PO.
Romanian woman who believed she was pregnant was devastated to be told she actually had an 11lb tumour inside her uterus. Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital in Botosani County Hospital with severe pain in her abdomen and told doctors she was in labour.
Homeless convicted sex-offender screams, 'I'm going to rape you!' before attacking woman in Manhattan bar. Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street. Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar.
Chinese policewoman fights off machete-wielding thug with her bare hands. The unarmed 22-year-old, Cao Yu, held off the man in a terrifying five-minute struggle in a public square in Guizhou province in southwestern China earlier this month. The man in his twenties, who was holding two knives, stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol.
Man with bandages wrapped around his face storms into bank in New Milton, Hampshire. A man, whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages, then fled from the Station Road bank. A 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested today (Saturday) on suspicion of robbery and remains in police custody.
Army-veteran William Snyder, 34, has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of his wife's body in a river near to their home on Saturday. He is the alleged to have sent a ransom note to a local restaurant, himself and an email to police demanding money for her safe return. He was returned across the state border and charged the next day.
Mental health advocate Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18. The 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder - to raise awareness of mental illness. He was a high achiever from a young age, but 'crashed' after pushing himself too hard in the first year of high school. His anxiety and depression progressed into a type of psychosis and he soon admitted himself
Byron's buds measure a whopping 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iPhone 6. His daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue while her father has the men's crown Byron, 47, only discovered his tongue was the widest in the world when he picked up a copy of the Guinness Book of World Records while helping Emily with a school project at the library.
Grandmother of cancer sufferer Ashya King criticises police for spending £16,000 on search for him. Hampshire police launched the hunt after the five-year-old, pictured, was taken from Southampton General Hospital by his parents last August so he could be treated abroad. The couple were found in Spain but released without charge.
Chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze thrown out of Dubai Open tournament after he was caught sneaking to the toilet to check moves on his mobile phone. The two-time national champion was exposed when his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the lavatory. He was promptly removed from the tournament and could now face a maximum 15-year ban from the game.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral, where Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears today Mr Jack, a father-of-three, collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of Andy Murray’s wedding yesterday Murray was feet away from the photographer yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event The 27-year-old former Wimbledon champion leant towards the photographer with visible concern after the incident, until he was ushered away by his security team The couple, both 27, met at the US Open in 2005 when they were both aged 17, and became engaged
Billionaire tycoon Jim Ratcliffe wants to build a futuristic beach house on a site he owns overlooking the Solent. The £4million luxury mansion will have stunning views of the Isle of Wight and is at the edge of the New Forest.
Lowenbrau Keller slammed for'sexist' advertising campaign. A women's rights group has slammed a popular eatery for their latest advertising campaign which they claim objectifies women's bodies to sell beer. The Lowenbräu Keller, in Sydney's The Rocks, has released a social media and bus campaign featuring a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home, according to research by Halifax. The mortgage lender’s report, called Generation Rent, said the data ‘strengthens the view’ that more people may be giving up on the idea of owning their own home. Three-quarters of those surveyed also thought banks were reluctant to lend to first-time buyers. Government schemes such as Help to Buy have enabled people to get on or move up the property ladder.
Ryan Giroux, 41, pleads not guilty to six counts of first-degree murder and 22 other charges after shooting dead one man and injuring five others in Phoenix, Arizona. A convicted burglar and white supremacist is accused of shooting three people in a Phoenix motel, killing a man and wounding two women during the incident in March 18 in the suburb of Mesa, and will now stand trial. Another man was shot while working at a nearby restaurant, and then two more at separate apartment complexes, about two miles away. Police swarmed the city in a massive response, with Mesa police using sniffer dogs and searching cars
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved. The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April after she failed to wake up one morning, Motherboard's Brian Merchant reports. After being admitted to a Bangkok hospital, tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain.
Abandoned Japanese theme park, Kejonuma Leisureland, is one of the most underrated abandoned places I have ever visited. From a rusting Ferris wheel to a train rendered barely visible due to overgrown weeds, this theme park hasn't heard the happy screams of visiting children in a very long time. In its heyday, the deserted merry-go-round and other relics of a bygone era are tourist attractions in their own right. Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the creepy location, which is reported to be jinxed by an ancient curse, to document the extent of the
Judge Dennis Porter, cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd, 22. Moments before he announced the verdict, he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom, fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response.
Skopelos: A Greek island that lets you rent a boat and potter about at will. It's the difference between a good holiday and an adventurously good holiday - with some embarrassment thrown in. On day one, after manoeuvring our rented boat into sheltered waters off Kastani beach, my girlfriend threw out the anchor. Splash!
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the blazing Ford Fiesta Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire Two passers-by spotted the blazing hatchback and rushed to help when they spotted the little boy still inside the car. The pair bravely battled against the intensity of the flames and managed to open one of the doors of the car to reach Tommy.
Documentary filmmaker Kaylie Milliken says Yelp is the internet's equivalent to the mafia. Yelp, founded in 2004 by two former PayPal employees, is a website that lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and doctor's offices. However, like many web businesses, Yelp's revenue comes mainly from advertising and the businesses that buy ads are often also rated and reviewed on the site.
Florida spring break revelers filmed on beach not 10 feet from where unconscious 19-year-old girl was gang raped. The brief cellphone clip came to light as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the March attack in Panama City Beach that was witnessed by hundreds of people who failed to intervene. The sickening footage shows at least three men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak. Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets of Nanna’s Frozen Mixed Berries.
Kylie Jenner lip-expansion craze: Teenage girls blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses. A worrying new trend dubbed the '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow up their lips using shot glasses. The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up - all in the hopes of emulating Kylie's bee-stung pout.
ISIS claims responsibility for bombing near US consulate in Iraq. The Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday for a bombing near the US consulate that killed two Turks in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region a day earlier. Islamic State claimed responsibility for a car bomb attack near the American consulate in northern Iraq on Saturday that killed at least two people.
Mehmet Oz defends himself after ten top doctors send letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove him from his faculty position. Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty in 1993.
Riley Filmer, 14, turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east, only to be told that the black soft-leather lace-ups did not meet uniform standards. The Year Eight student was prevented from attending her classes for the day, and has not been allowed back into the classroom since the incident.
For the first time, the Government's drug regulator - the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) - has approved a remedy containing a traditional Chinese herb. The product, Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief, contains sigesbeckia, a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis.
Older fathers are at higher risk of having children with autism and schizophrenia. Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30, and the researchers say older would-be fathers should be better informed about the risks of conditions that can occur in their offspring. Whereas the menopause marks the end of reproduction, men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives.
$70,000 worth of bull semen stolen from farm in Minnesota. Police are investigating the theft of a storage canister with bull semen from a farm in southern Minnesota. The canister was worth about $500, and the vials of semen were worth from $300 to $1,500 apiece. The man said the only time he and his hired hand were away from the farm was on Easter Sunday.
Moya Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal were travelling in her vehicle through the Kruger National Park, South Africa, when she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo. Moya's sister, Rone, 24, who is a teacher at Laerskool Lothair, began taking pictures of the struggle, before noticing the buffalo was heading for the road. After a few moments the beast managed to escape being eaten by the lions, it did receive a nasty knock to the head after running into the side of their van.
Dad shares photo of his seven-year-old son's open-heart surgery scars on Facebook after he found him crying over his physical appearance. When Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, found his son Carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was 'ugly', the concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy's chest to his Facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support and, in turn boost Carter's confidence. 'We told him that his scars are beautiful and make him look like a superhero. How many
Joseph Koetters, a former English teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her. The lawsuit, filed by a former student, alleges that when Koetter was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16 year-old student, which began in the 2000-2001 school year.
Edward Snowden admits he did not read all of top-secret intelligence documents he leaked. Traitor Edward Snowden has revealed he did NOT read all the top secret intelligence files he leaked – a move which put lives at risk from terrorists. In a television interview the fugitive squirmed as he admitted only 'evaluating' the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency. The former US spy also acknowledged there had been a 'f***-up' when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda.
Giant tornado sweeps past a hapless motorist in Illinois, who films it from his truck. The driver, Sam Smith, begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. It's an apocalyptic sight - and Mr Smith feels trapped, because he can't make out which direction it's moving in so doesn't know how to escape.
Tesco.uk is close to ditching the last of the private jets used by its top executives. Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month. A similar plane can cost up to £67,000 to charter.
12-year-old sixth grader beats out 11.5million entries to win ESPN Tournament Challenge. Duke was not the only big winner following Monday's NCAA championship game. In an upset even more surprising than the Blue Devils victory over the slightly favored Wisconsin Badgers, Sam Holtz, a 12 year old from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.
Mark Carney was spotted on a day off from helping to run the economy jogging in London’s Hyde Park sporting a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles. The keen runner, who training for the London Marathon later this month, was wearing a Nathan Speed 4 Fuel Belt, which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs.
Maria McErlane: The Datai Hotel in Langkawi, Malaysia. Preconceptions, I find, can be really unhelpful, so before travelling to The Datai, a luxury hotel in Malaysia, I decided not to find out anything about it. I preferred instead to be delighted - or otherwise - on arrival.
Pakistani supermodel Ayyan Ali charged with money laundering after she was caught with $500,000 in her carry-on bag in Islamabad airport. 21-year-old Ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream - was jailed after a staggering amount of money was discovered in her bag. She was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit.
EastEnders, Coronation Street and Emmerdale stars who have carved out successful careers after leaving soaps. While every aspiring actor dreams of Hollywood stardom, an A-list career doesn't always show up. For actors hovering somewhere between the big time and the dole queue, there is the comforting world of the British soap opera, where stars are guaranteed regular work and a spot in the nation's living room three times a week.
GPs are the gateway to NHS care - nine out of 10 times, the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their GP. Yet access to GPs has become a major policy and political issue. The crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available GP appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead.
Paedophile becomes Britain's oldest prisoner after he was jailed for historic sexual abuse of two young girls. Gaston Pinsard was sentenced to 18 months behind bars after he admitted carrying out the assaults more than 50 years ago. The 96-year-old, who claimed he was himself abused at a notorious Jersey children's home, first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old.
Michael Slager receives visit from his mother and pregnant wife in prison for the first time since shooting Walter Scott. Officer Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first. But on Friday, his wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him. On Tuesday, Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Scott last weekend.
Microsoft has a new pilot program to hire people with autism for full-time positions within the company. The announcement was made on the company's blog by Microsoft Corporate VP of Worldwide Operations, Mary Ellen Smith, who has a teenage son, Shawn, with autism.
Freddy Krueger hitmen jailed for 44 years. Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren. The 35-year-old victim was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012.
Jilted music teacher Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder 15-year-old Damian Vanya after he ended their relationship. A hidden camera filmed the moment a jilted Russian music teacher ordered a 'hit' on a teenage pupil, after he dumped her for a classmate. She told the undercover policeman: 'You must really beat him up because I want him to suffer from unbearable pain.' 'I want to see him in a really bad state.'
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month. The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery.
Robot chef cooks meals from scratch. You come home after work feeling too exhausted to cook - only to find a delicious meal worthy of a Michelin-starred restaurant waiting for you. It sounds like a fantasy, but it could be about to come true thanks to a robot chef developed by British scientists. The £10,000 ($14,000) device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen.
Princess Eugenie shows off her hipster style in New York. The 25-year-old cousin of Princes William and Harry was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on Thursday. Topshop striped zip through skirt.
Boris Johnson warns against letting SNP dictate UK government. Letting the Scottish Nationalists dictate the direction of the UK government would be like getting King Herod to 'run a baby farm', Boris Johnson warned today in an escalation of Tory attacks on the SNP. He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery'.
Two children have been killed in what police are calling an accidental vehicle fire at a Las Vegas apartment complex. Investigators say four children were playing in and around a parked minivan Saturday evening at the Arcadia Palms on East Sahara Avenue.
Lauren Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel on Friday The ceremony went ahead at St Edmund Hall in the city Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TV’s Inspector Morse
South African writer Sisonke Msimang claims Australia is more racist than her homeland. While she originally called South Africa home, South African journalist and an activist, Ms Mismang said she's been faced with the realisation, that much like her native South Africa: 'The deepest and most abiding forms of racism’ in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population'. 'When I say something or someone is racist, it’s not meant to be the worst insult in the world, people really get their backs up and this has only made the conversation about race so immature,' she told Daily Mail Australia '
Secret Service agents parked Hillary Clinton's campaign van in a handicapped spot on Thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party officials. Footage broadcast by KETV-7 in the nearby city of Omaha, Nebraska, showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe, greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle.
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington jokes about Belfast on Late Night with Seth Myers. The 28-year-old Londoner joked to host Seth Myers that Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' and emphasized that he has spent five years filming in the city, drawing laughter from a studio audience. He added: 'Your part isn't in the nice places.'.
Anorexic schoolgirl Laura Scurr, 15, was left on a heart machine after she collapsed through starvation but has now spoken about pressures put on teenagers to be a'size zero'. Just 13 and in the grip of a terrifying obsession surviving on just one piece of fruit a day, a schoolgirl's body started to shut down. Laura became so obsessed with having the perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed, lying to her mother about eating.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police the Hollywood producer groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca Film Center office in Manhattan on March 27. The Italian model claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt.
Family of one of the five men arrested as part of massive anti-terrorism raids in Melbourne were warned by police the group were falling victim to Islamic State recruiters. Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon. He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. The family of one suspect said they were last year told to stop their son communicating with
Big Ben the biggest lamb ever born in the UK. This bundle of joy was a special spring surprise for both his mother and the farmers who delivered the 20lb new-born after a gruelling three-hour birth. He was so big that it took Shepherd John Hendy and a team of three helpers to help mother Jean deliver the young lamb near Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, who they've now named Big Ben.
Russia yesterday lifted a ban on supplying Iran with an air defence missile system which could be used to protect nuclear sites. Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment ‘promptly’.
How to get your baby to fall asleep in just 42 seconds. Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in less than one minute. The clip that has now received almost 26,000 views sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son's face repeatedly until he nods off. Scroll down for video How do I get my baby to sleep?
Brontosaurus has made a thundering comeback after being sent into exile by the scientific community. The long-necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals to ever walk the Earth with its legacy captivating children's imaginations the world over.
The best memes from the leaders' debate. From David Cameron and Nick Clegg sitting on the Gogglebox sofa to Ed Miliband doing a Kate Winslet in Titanic, these are some of the best memes posted in reference to the leaders’ debate. The images were inspired by a debate that saw Mr Miliband warned he would not get into power without lurching left, as Miss Sturgeon told him he is 'not strong enough' to win power on his own. He took a high-risk choice to appear with the SNP leader, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green leader Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's
Prostate cancer drug olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control. Up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects and these respond particularly well to the drug, also known as Lynparza. It stopped prostate cancer growth, generating lower tumour cell counts in the blood and improved responses in medical scans. The drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations, the defect that led to actress Angelina Jolie having her ovaries removed.
Malcolm Brabant: 'The vaccine fried my brain'. Malcolm, 59, who had the jab in preparation for an assignment in the Ivory Coast, believed his Kindle could fly, that dead friends were contacting him and that he could stop traffic just by thinking about it. He spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work - and even attempted suicide.
Judge George O'Toole told jurors in the Boston Marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year's race or related events. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 others.
Jordan Spieth is in prime position to win the Masters, maintaining the lead during the final round at Augusta. The 21-year-old has begun the last day of the hallowed tournament after setting a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon leaves door open to second independence referendum. Nicola Sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years, prompting opponents to claim she had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis' on another referendum. The First Minister was questioned about SNP plans to increase Scotland's financial powers, which economists have suggested would leave a £7.6 billion spending gap, during a third televised election debate in under a week. Ms Sturgeon said that full fiscal autonomy would take several years to implement but with new powers Scotland would start growing its economy and revenues.
BBC.co.uk. BBC programmes are set to move online as part of a new 'internet first' strategy designed to compete with web services such as Netflix.
The Queen enjoys a ride on her Fell pony Carltonlima Emma. She might be approaching her 89th birthday but nothing was going to stop the Queen from enjoying a ride in the spring sunshine this morning. The monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park aboard her faithful black Fell pony, CarltonlimA Emma.
Hillary Hillary Clinton has told a series of whoppers about her family history in order to appear more sympathetic to immigrants'-rights activists, according to documents that surfaced online Wednesday. Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents – draft cards – that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America. That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa.
Edward Snowden is being 'exploited' under a deal he made with the Russians to guarantee him asylum, a leading spy analyst has claimed. Mr Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US, Andrei Soldatov said.
Game of Thrones' Hodor may have expressive aphasia. Hodor is the brawny, simple-minded stableboy of the Stark family in Winterfell. His defining characteristic, of course, is that he only speaks a single word: 'Hodor'.
Jeremy Clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked from the BBC, saying the upside meant he could now swear without being reprimanded. The former Top Gear presenter made his comments when he was guest of honour at a charity auction in the Cotswolds.
Game of Thrones travel service Zicasso is offering a luxury themed tour of southern Spain. The seven-night tour kicks off in Madrid, Spain with who days of sightseeing before heading further south. From there, fans will head toward Alcazar, a former Muslim fort that is celebrated for its Mudejar architecture.
Walter Scott: Man who was in car with Walter Scott moments before fatal shooting breaks silence. Pierre Fulton was in the passenger seat when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead.
Phillip Schofield left speechless after guest with Tourette's syndrome blurts out'silver fox' at him. Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance Jordan Pettier - who is deaf. Scroll down for video Ellie Grant (pictured), 22, from Ironville, Nottinghamshire, was working as a community support worker when she started 'ticking' while queuing in a supermarket last January. She found herself unable to stop blurting out'marshmallow' and immediately called her doctor for an appointment
Kylie Jenner's mesh dress. As the youngest member of the Kardashian-Jenner clan, Kylie was bound to have a different upbringing to your average teen. Since Keeping Up With The Kardashians started in 2007, when she was just nine years old, she has been one of the biggest tween stars - with a ticket to every A-List event in town. And as she teeters on the brink of adulthood, the reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family.
Haunting never-before-seen images show Captain Scott's doomed expedition team setting off on their ill-fated trek to the South Pole have sold for a staggering £30,000. The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill- fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912. The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition.
Baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, poses with guns, cash, and bags of what looks like marijuana on Twitter. He looks barely teenage. But this child has amassed thousands of Twitter followers with his pictorial updates of 'gang life'.
£33,000-a-year school investigated after students were taught the wrong exam text. Students at Wellington College, in Berkshire, spent the last year studying a different classic book for their imminent AS-level exam. The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text.
The rainbow caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice, the more emerald they appear. And a photographer, from Kamchatka, in the Russian Far East, also decided to add his own take - by lighting flares and breathing fire to turn the normally blue hues into dark reds. The caves, found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, were captured by local guide and photographer Denis Budkov. Mr Budkov, 35, trek
Amazon's Jeff Bezos enjoys Roman holiday in Rome. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos was pictured enjoying a Roman holiday this week as he took a stroll around a tourist market in the Italian capital. Bezos, who is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace, blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de' Fiori on Tuesday.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself. Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013.
Tory MP Jesse Norman investigated over 'bribing voters with chocolate cake'. Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election at an Asda supermarket in his Hereford constituency. West Mercia Police last night said it was investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Justice Department opens investigation into Freddie Gray's death. The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van. Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation.
Siberian tiger safari in Russia. For £3,500, tourists are being invited to book a trip to Russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the Siberian tiger, one of the world's most endangered animals. The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining Siberian tigers, and setting camera traps with the experts in the hope of catching an insight into the lives of these endangered predators.
As Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four young children, who have been reported missing from Britain, were all caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry. They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, which is out of character, police said.
Billie Jean King backs Hillary Clinton's White House bid. Hillary Clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the White House: The nation's largest lesbian political action committee. The group, LPAC, launched Lesbians4Hillary on Monday to support the former First Lady's bid to become the nation's first female president.
Trevor Noah doesn't take over as Daily Show host until later this year, but he's already ingratiating himself with American comedy royalty. The South African, whose announcement as Jon Stewart's replacement surprized many last month, was spotted taking in a baseball game in New York on Monday along with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and broadway star Matthew Broadrick.
Sean Heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month. The woman, who is now 18, described herself as a ‘mummy-to-be’ on one social media page and posted online a picture of the three-month scan of her unborn child.
Teacher Cheryl Heineman, 45, from St Cloud, was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics. The woman's suspected accomplice and lover, 20-year-old Jack Lindsey, is facing the same charges.
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire on Thursday. He told ABC7: 'Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww.'.
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China. The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient seaplane. Powered by two large propellers at the front of the aircraft, it can be driven in the sea much like a catamaran. Once it reaches flight speed the aircraft's wings will begin to lift it off the ocean and it will glide along on a cushion of air.
Bill Bill Clinton: 'I don't think I'm good at campaigning'. He was once the most powerful man in the world, but former US President Bill Clinton says he should take a more backstage role should his wife, Hillary, decide to run for President. In an interview with Town & Country Magazine, the 68-year-old revealed that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning.
SpaceX launch that could change the way man gets to space blasted off today from Florida under perfect conditions. Within minutes of liftoff, the California company was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform. But it didn't go to plan. Billionaire founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station.
Doppelgängers of the week: Josh Hutcherson and Karen Branigan. When complete strangers Niamh Geaney, 26, (pictured) and Karen Branigan, 29, discovered they looked so alike that they could be identical twins earlier this week, they made headlines around the world. But the Irish pair aren't the only unrelated twosome to boast real life doppelgaengers.
Maine school under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without parents' approval. During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender. Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans.
Chinese feminists detained by police for more than a month facing charges of 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble' have issued a plea to authorities for their release. The female activists were arrested the weekend before International Women's Day, as they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport. They now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged. Prosecutors will announce later today whether the women should be formally arrested, released or have their cases sent back to the police.
Why are the moon and Earth so similar in their composition?. About 4.45 billion years ago, 150 million years after the solar system formed, Earth was hit by a Mars-size object called Theia.
George Osborne refuses to rule out further cuts to child benefit if Tories win a second term. The Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be 'depriving more families' of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year. More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit. Earners over £60,000 lost out altogether.
Retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past. Chokers, berry-coloured lips, round sunglasses and Calvin Klein logo T-shirts are all the rage. But news that JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback has horrified many of the people who wore the ridiculous pants.
At least six men arrested in Minnesota and California for traveling to Syria to join ISIS. A spokesman for the US Attorney's Office said the arrests were made in Minneapolis and San Diego. Spokesman Ben Petok did not give details about the charges and said more information would be released on Monday.
Britain’s Iraq war inquiry may be delayed yet again. Publication of Sir John Chilcot's inquiry, which began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million, had already been pushed back until after the election. Yesterday it emerged it is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest. Bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its findings.
New York student turns microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures into fashion. A pre-med student in New York City is taking microscopic images from biology and turning them into prints for her innovative new athletic apparel and accessories line. Lizzie Cochran, a student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs.
Libya's Bab al-Aziziya palace reduced to rubble and used as pet markets to sell birds and dogs. Four years after the 2011 revolution that saw Colonel Gaddafi's hold on Libya crumbled, the once feared Bab al Aziziya compound, situated in the capital city of Tripoli, resembles a wasteland. The dictator ruled for almost 42 years, after he took control in a coup d'etat in 1969.
Poland said it is demanding a formal apology from the U.S. over the comments made by FBI director James Comey. James Coney had written an editorial opinion piece for the Washington Post claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany.
Six Minnesota men charged with terrorism. The six were arrested Sunday in Minneapolis and San Diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on Monday. They are the latest people from Minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment of Westerners by IS.
Terrifying dashcam footage shows cars engulfed by Siberian wildfire. Terrifying footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern Siberia - with one vehicle driving past with its roof blazing. The clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday. The woman picked up the 20-year-old, whose face and neck are covered in dark, self-administered tattoos, some with neo-Nazi symbolism.
Germanwings flight evacuated due to bomb threat. The threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening. The tower immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320, which was taxiing toward the runway at the time.
Three brave children risk their lives to become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy. Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London, the leading British centre for treatment of child cancers, and are the youngsters featured in the documentary. Shocking as it might seem, this kind of ‘experimentation’ happens in Britain. And it is a necessary part of the process that discovers new treatments that ultimately offer hope to other young cancer patients.
Lorna McCarthy: Jealous husband who stabbed ex-wife in the heart after discovering she had been using dating websites found guilty of murder. Mrs McCarthy, 50, sent a series of messages to friends and family on September 27, including one to her daughter saying she didn't know 'what he is capable of these days'. She urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in Washington. The Florida man who piloted a small gyrocopter past Washington, DC, landmarks last week said he fully expected to be intercepted. before landing on the west lawn of the US Capitol.
Teacher Alix Bussey, 23, from Durham was hit by a car as she made her way back to their hotel after a night out. She was just coming to the end of her holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23, in Riviera Maya.
New Zealand tourists catch a bronzer shark in New Zealand. Andreas Rasmussen, Christian Boyum Johansen and Johan Berg are filmed by Emil Fogh, standing just centimetres away from the shark they've captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal in the country, to the point it has become a competitive sport. A shocking video has been released showing four tourists they catching the thrashing creature and dragging it in to shore and then posing for photos with the creature. The three men in the video cheer excitedly, without a hint of apprehension. The shark is then pulled into shore, its huge teeth less
U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson and his wife agree to annul 24-year marriage. The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided because Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed. That bigamy hearing was put on hold.
Nadine Coyle and Coleen Rooney join forces with Cancer Research for Race For Life. Ahead of the summer runs, the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive. The ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a Game of Thrones-style makeover.
More than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted, because one party is so far ahead. There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and the Tories needing more than half to secure a majority. However, the Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how ‘safe’ they were in 2010.
Malaysia has passed a controversial terror law aimed at tackling growing support for Islamic State extremists in the country in a move opponents denounced as a harsh blow for civil rights. The Prevention of Terrorism Act - passed in the capital Kuala Lumpur yesterday - officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial.
David Cameron claims 2million people have found work since 2010. Unemployment has continued to fall and a record 31 million people are in work, the last jobless figures before the general election have shown. The figure is up from 29million in spring 2010, before the Tories and Lib Dems went into coalition.
Australian rebel fighter Ahmed Shaheed has been showing off his new pet on social media after buying a tiger cub whilst fighting in Syria. The photo shows a beautiful young tiger cub in the hands of a freelance rebel fighter, known as Shaheed.
How to keep roaming costs down with Three's Feel At Home deal. Roaming. The word suggests travelling with a worry-free, devil-may-care attitude. But in the world of mobile phones, where roaming means using your device abroad, that approach is unwise.
Royal Mint to mark birth of Prince George's second child with a silver coin. The Royal Mint announced it will mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second baby in the same way it commemorated the arrival of George in 2013 - with a commemorative silver coin created in the baby's honour. Babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies. The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, which was unveiled in March.
Lord Janner signed letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges. Abuse campaigners last night angrily questioned why the suspected paedophile was able to remain in the House of Lords if he was too frail to be brought before court. The former Labour MP, 86, claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in the four years after he was diagnosed with dementia in 2009.
New York-based teacher Sam Pearce, 24, was discovered on the F train in New York City and now juggles his career as an eighth-grade English teacher with a side job modelling for top designers. 'I was taken aback and flattered, but also kind of incredulous,' he told Racked of the encounter. 'He was just like, "Hey, you're a model, right?" I said, "Noooo, I'm a teacher, dude".
More than 20 people arrested at Sydney dance party 'Midnight Mafia'. More than 6000 people attended sold-out rave at Sydney Showground in Homebush from 10pm on Saturday night until 6am the next morning. A 22-year-old Marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets. He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday.
Google claims the latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. It even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send.
Russian log cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean. The U.S. put the first man on the moon, but in a strange twist of history it appears the Russians may have beat America in settling Oregon. Experts proposed this new theory in a recently released 200-page report on the Molalla Log Cabin.
10 superfoods worth adding to your shopping basket today. We're always hearing about the latest'superfoods' - and how they could have a powerful effect on our health and wellbeing. Here, I reveal which ones are worth adding.
A father and son team have created a robot, called the Germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg, from Los Angeles, said the 3.5billion people expected to fly this year risk falling ill due to poor plane hygiene. The device, which is the size of a drinks cart, patrols the aisles using motion sensors to navigate itself. As it does, it spreads its two 'wings' over the seats on either side.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen or other unusual places in the body. The 29-year-old from Chicago was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse. However, she says she learned as a teenager that this was 'almost impossible'.
A previously unseen hand-drawn flightplan of the mission to drop an atom bomb on Hiroshima is now for sale. The remarkable documents which include the flightplan, an eyewitness account of the bombing and log books were compiled by the co-pilot of the Enola Gay bomber which carried out the mission. They are among a £300,000 archive compiled by Captain Robert Lewis. The previously unseen documents used to plan the dropping of the world's first atomic bomb on Japan on August 6, 1945 have emerged for sale 70 years on.
Flying for business or pleasure is one of the most thrilling experiences in the world, but it remains full of mystery for the average traveller. Curious passengers have burning questions every time they step foot on a plane – from whether pilots require a key to start a plane to where flight attendants sleep on long-haul flights.
Aaron Aaron Hernandez is Prisoner W106228, Daily Mail Online can reveal. The official number was issued to Hernandez as he started the rest of his life in jail, at Cedar Junction state prison in Massachusetts.
Police officer Jesse Kidder refuses to shoot armed double murder suspect as he charged at him during terrifying incident caught on bodycam. The 27-year-old accused killer then started sprinting towards Kidder, asking him to shoot. The officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try'suicide by cop'..
Sharon Winters was searching for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke on an online dating site - but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack. Now her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, from Wirral, Merseyside, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder, to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online.
Sophia Adams, 21, from North West London, beat 1,000 other hopefuls and as a result, has scored a modelling contract with plus-size agency, Bridge Models. The brunette will be joining the brand's curvy line-up and starring in their Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean.
GPs in revolt over Government plans for them to open seven days a week. Almost all family doctors polled in a new survey said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends. And nearly two-thirds are not even willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries to ensure one in the area is open to patients on Saturdays and Sundays.
Samsung Galaxy S6 teardown reveals Samsung used more of its own chips than it did for the predecessor S5. It is a fascinating view of exactly what goes into a modern smartphone - and how Samsung does business. The Chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals.
Chinese hospital is being rolled every day on 1,000 metal 'wheels'. The two-storey hospital outpatient building in the city of Zhengzhou, in central China, is being slowly and carefully pushed just a few metres a day on the giant cylinder-shaped rollers. The engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone.
New York diner grabs restaurant manager by the neck and slams him into an elderly woman. Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon, and demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said. He then allegedly grabbed the manager's neck and slammed him against the bar.
Furious7. The runaway success of Furious 7 shows no signs of slowing down as the high-octane action movie enjoyed its third winning weekend in a row.
Nigel Farage: Drunks who repeatedly turn up at A&e should be fined to pay for treating for their injuries, Nigel Farage has claimed. The Ukip leader, who admits to having a pint most lunchtimes, said that it was a ‘reasonable proposition’ to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking. He also revealed he is finding the election campaign ‘knackering’, as polls suggest support for Ukip is on the slide. David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Tories, the only party able to deliver an EU vote.
Peanut kernels without skins can help prevent food poisoning. Eating the kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like E.coli, according to the research. Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of Lactobacillus casei.
Chinese woman has become an internet sensation after charting life with her pet pig who she dresses, walks and even sleeps with every day. The woman, who calls herself Zhu Diandian online, has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet and the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st).
Eight products you should be packing to make your summer break as foolproof as possible. From unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies, FEMAIL has rounded up the eight products you need to pack for summer. Heading to a festival? Or perhaps spending the weekend in the countryside?
Peter O’Toole on set of Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria. A series of images capturing the late actor on set for the last time have been released in conjunction with today’s release of the film. Peter O'Toole is seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would eventually prove fatal.
Snapchat's Sydney story - a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day - also shows the soaking conditions endured by the Cronulla Sharks and South Sydney Rabbitohs. During their clash on Monday night the field was drenched in water with players struggling to hold onto the ball let alone stay on their feet. Spectators captured the rain water-falling off the top of the grandstand as fans tried to stay dry under any cover they could find.
Supermarket customers in France can add airline tickets to their shopping lists thanks to a unique promotion by a budget airline. For a limited time Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars. Customers who buy one of the products before the #SnackHolidays promotion ends on April 21 will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within Europe.
The Beatles could help to enhance the enjoyment of a fish and chip supper. The intensity of Nessun Dorma, performed by Luciano Pavarotti, is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee. Meanwhile, the high-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding. Listening to the right sort of music, including the Beatles, can enhance flavours in certain food and drink, researchers have found.
San Francisco hoarder's mummified corpse sells for $2.5m. Described by police as the 'worst we have ever seen', the San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4. But apparently, it's still a hot ticket. Just a week after removing the rodents, trash, and corpse, realtors have priced it at a cool $2.
Midsomer Murders to have first regular Asian character in its 18th series. Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama. Although there have been Asian actors in cameo parts, this is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor.
Joseph O'Riordan stabs wife eight times with seven inch kitchen knife after discovering she was having an affair with postman. Joseph O’ Riordan, 73, was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex when he grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, had an alleged affair and hired a private investigator to follow her. Brighton Magistrates' Court heard they agreed to stay together but he later attacked her - stabbing her in the chest, torso, arms and back.
Journalist Sabrina Rubin Erdely is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for Rolling Stone magazine about campus rape. The story published in November focused on a University of Virginia student named Jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at the campus' Phi Kappa Psi fraternity two years ago.
Col Colby Ramos-Francis, now 17 months old, was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand.
No Noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, businessman Robert Ellis, at their home in Bali last October. His body, with wrists and feet bound, was found wrapped in plastic, dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy, and although doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy, she refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion. A heavily pregnant Jehovah's Witness who died along with her baby after she refused a transfusion, have defended the woman who they said had put her baby's life above her own The family of a heavily pregnant woman who died after refusing a life-saving transfusion have defended her mother, saying she put her
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, burst into the Londis shop in Cleveleys near Blackpool in October last year while the owner, his wife, and their toddler were behind the counter. The pair then pulled out a'realistic looking' handgun and began waving it in the family's faces.
Chocolate melting point gene could lead to new types of chocolate. US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to climate change-resistant cocoa plants, which could boost plants' yields and the income of farmers.
Utah man paralyzed after having sex with 17-year-old girl asks court to throw out sex with minor conviction or sentence. Attorneys for David Serbeck on Monday told the Utah Court of Appeals that Serbeck's original lawyers should have pushed harder to exclude or dispute allegations tying his 2007 relationship with the teen to his shooting. He was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, where he is accused of shooting dead a man who working in the school's print shop. He allegedly walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee Ron Lane.
Goose with an arrow piercing its neck dies after surgery to remove the piercing object. The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later, said Katie Ingram of Orange County Animal Care. She said the bird's skin had healed around the arrow and made the process more difficult.
Police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home in Tahlequah. A hole was cut into the bottom of the rabbit and police found quite the surprise waiting inside.
Father-of-three cleared of assaulting social worker over Black Friday TV. Andrew Anderson, 43, was accused of forcing social worker Julie McGoldrick to the floor, injuring her wrist, as they battled over the unit which had been reduced from £199 to £99 as part of the frenzied midnight sales event.
American Pie sold at auction for more than $1m. There has never been a popular song quite like it. For more than 40 years, its lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle. Argued over by generations of geeky fans, deciphered and re-deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century U.S. social history by even groovier academics.
One in four teenagers are 'almost constantly' online as their lives are swallowed up ever more by their mobile phones, a study has revealed. Some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices, including when they were at school. Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram. The Pew Research Centre asked 1,060 children aged between 13 and 17 about their phone habits. The report found that what Pew described as a 'frenzy of access' was facilitated by mobile phones - particularly smartphones.
Santander bank worker who helped hackers steal £1.25m is facing jail. Personal advisor Tola Ore, 32, fitted a high-tech device to her desktop computer which allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside the bank in Palmers Green in north London. She admitted one count of fraud at the Old Bailey as she was about to stand trial.
Foreign workers will have to pay an average of £22,000 in tax before they can claim benefits under Tory plans to be unveiled this week. Home Secretary Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe, including curbing access to benefits.
Book review: Coffee morning: Britain at work. (Serpent's Tail £14.99) Famously and memorably, the poet Philip Larkin asked: 'Why should I let the toad work / Squat on my life?' He longed to be '... courageous enough / To shout Stuff your pension!
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island. The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way, until a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country. It showed Chester with a sign around his neck. An image that was clearly designed to tug at the heartstrings of dog-lovers.
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha wrestled to the ground by six NYPD cops in late-night incident that saw Indiana Pacers player Chris Copeland stabbed. Footage taken outside a nightclub in Chelsea, New York, appears to show the 6ft 7ins Atlanta Hawks player being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers. Moments later, the video - shared by TMZ - shows his teammate Pero Antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs. It happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club.
Amazon has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test the latest version of its delivery drone outdoors, less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing. The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday, posted on the agency's website.
Asian hornets have killed at least six people in France. Now experts fear millions of them could be heading for Britain and the threats they pose are to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers.
An Arnhem TV station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky. The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show. Following the attack, the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it.
Medieval manuscript shows Yoda on the pages of a religious document. A green-skinned figure in a medieval manuscript may look very familiar to Star Wars fans. But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims.
Hatton Garden gem heist linked to Holborn fire. John O'Connor, a highly experienced former police detective, has claimed the major power outage and the proximity of the multi-million burglary was far more than a coincidence. It came shortly after firefighters battled a major fire in Holborn - just 500 metres from the raid site.
Mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in Kazakhstan. The clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana, and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace. The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube.
Number of teenagers getting straight As at GCSE has soared by a third in just five years, new figures show. More than 20,000 children passed ten or more with either an A or an A* grade, Department for Education statistics reveal.
Mike Cannon-Brookes splashes out on $12m mansion in Sydney's east. The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur is Australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 – although he shares the title with his business partner Scott Farquhar after they established software company Atlassian 12 years ago. They are now joint CEOs and equal partners to the company, which is worth a reported $3.5 billion. The stunning residence is just metres from 101 acre of parkland at Centennial Park, on the edge of the city and a short drive to Bondi Beach.
Dustin Wayne South died Wednesday night at the Louisville scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School. The shootout occurred after a neighbor saw South walking around the field while waving a gun in the air.
Wife of Navy veteran who was battered to death with claw hammer by pensioner neighbour says 'it will stay with me forever'. Enid Hatch, 70, told of the horror as she ran out to the communal hallway of their sheltered housing complex near Cardiff to help what she thought was an injured man, only to discover blood splattered walls where her husband had been brutally beaten yards away. The man was in fact Alan Rogers, 73, who had smashed the skull of 76-year-old Fred Hatch.
Teenager falls 200ft from cliff at holiday park. The 15-year-old girl, named locally as Leah Price from the Nottingham area, was airlifted to hospital last night from the Blue Dolphin camping site near Filey, North Yorkshire. It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs.
Madonna French Kissed Drake onstage at Coachella. She has been selling herself as a sex pot to push copies of her new album Rebel Heart. But not everyone thinks she's the cat's meow.
'apocalyptic' weather storm blocks out the sun in Belarus. Filmed from a high rise apartment, the video shows traffic moving along a busy street in the province of Salihorsk, south of the capital of Minsk on Monday afternoon. As dark clouds move over the city, the entire area is plunged into darkness - forcing motorists to turn on their lights as they navigate the darkened roads. The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border.
Jane Horrocks on her California road trip. My teenagers demand something a bit more exciting than sand and sea from family summer holidays nowadays, and given their obsession with all things Kardashian, we decided on California this year. In fact, we plumped for a classic American road trip - driving along the Pacific Coast Highway (aka Route 1) from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
Father arrested in connection to death of his two-year-old son who was left locked in car for up to 2.5 hours. James Koryor was taken into custody Tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse. Police that he took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin.
Brain cancer sufferer Sara Martin, 37, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, is being driven to Florida today after she uttered the word 'Florida' following weeks of not speaking. She hadn't spoken for weeks after her health rapidly deteriorated due to terminal brain cancer. But one day recently, Sara Martin uttered a single word: 'Florida'.
Owl butterflies have eye spots that mimic those of pigmy owls to scare off predators like great tits. The distinctive patterns on butterfly wings really do help protect the insects by mimicking the eyes of predators. While scientists have long suspected the role played by eye-spots found on the wings of many butterflies were an example of mimicry, it has never been clearly tested. But a new piece of research by biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland claims to have settled the debate.
BruceBruce Jenner will break his silence in a two-hour interview with Diane Sawyer later this month. The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24, ABC News announced on Monday.
Claudia Claudia Martins gave birth alone at her sister's flat having kept her pregnancy secret from her family and friends. Paramedics were called after the 33-year-old, a Portuguese national, was found sitting in the bath with 'a lot of blood' and she was taken to hospital.
Cat who went missing after escaping crate after 14-hour flight from Abu Dhabi to New York is found. Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her 34-year-old husband, Joseph Naaman, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate. The cat's owners, Jennifer and Joseph, have enlisted the help of a non-profit organisation to locate the cat at JFK airport.
British men who have spent two months in prisons in Dubai and Abu Dhabi after they were seen plane spotting are to be freed. Conrad Clitheroe, 54 and Gary Cooper, 45, from Stockport, along with their ex-pat friend Neil Munro were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport.
Moose Moose Toys is the Google of Australia. Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and a custom staff lunch room.
Revlon's latest lipstick advert looks suspiciously familiar. It's a charged scene. A woman wearing just a bra and a flared mini skirt sashays across a room, where a smartly dressed man awaits. It could be an outtake from a film noir movie of yesteryear or even a discarded scene from the hit recent film Fifty Shades of Grey.
Father Michael Rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on Friday after the accident near the town of Cleveland, Wisconsin. His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries.
John Dickerson announced as new host of 'Face the Nation'. The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week. He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program.
Mummified remains of 28-year-old Terézia Hausmann (pictured) found in the 18th century crypt of the Dominican church in Vác, Hungary, were among those found to have been infected with tuberculosis by the researchers. They found 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source. Researchers have isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies in the crypt of a church in the city of Vác in Hungary. The researchers found that all of the strains belonged to
'My Name Is Chris' campaign raises $16,000 for leukaemia patient. Chris Brugger, 35, from Griffith, New South Wales, says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his Hodgkin's disease - Brentuximab Vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically. The 35-year-old has had no shortage of support from his friends during his treatment.
Police say an apparent suicide near the buffet at a suburban Las Vegas casino-resort created panic on Easter Sunday. Authorities say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada. Police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. Another person was checked at the scene.
Nicola Sturgeon yesterday vowed to prop up Ed Miliband in Downing Street – even if he loses the election. In her most extraordinary offer yet the nationalist leader called on the Labour leader to help her ‘lock’ David Cameron out of Downing Street.
Aaron Aaron Taylor-Johnson and wife Sam at the premiere of Avengers: Age of Ultron on April 13. It's a relationship that's fascinated the public and come under intense media scrutiny for years. Now, the Hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature - he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
D-Day veteran conned out of £10,000. Beverley Davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former Royal Marine Ray Warren but tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164 over 42 transactions. Her actions left elderly Mr Warren so devastated that he lay in bed at night worrying about money and even stopped going out.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she would work with Ed Miliband's left-wing backbenchers to ensure a Labour minority government did not pursue austerity. The SNP leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the Greens and Plaid Cymru to ensure Mr Miliband did not impose any more cuts.
Abby Swinfield, from Castle Donington, in Derbyshire, was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital in the early hours of March 30. After arriving at hospital, she was put into a coma, but died a week later.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home. While driving along New Zealand's roads, the Siezen family's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck. But when it is unfolded, the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for Justin, Jola and their baby son Piko. Complete with two turrets in the rear, each of the elements fold away into a compact structure.
David Starkey hits out at 'victim status' of ethnic minorities and disabled people. Historian says ethnic minority groups should not 'assume the status of victim' and says women are only of average intelligence. He also gave his views on the current political class, claiming he did not believe any politician was equipped to be prime minister and the'real talent has left politics'.
Japanese bullet train hits record speeds of 375mph. The seven-car Maglev - short for'magnetic levitation' - hit a top speed of 373mph (600km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph during a test run near Mount Fuji. The run beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/hr). Maglev trains are expected to eventually consist of 16 carriages and carry up to 1,000 passengers at a time.
Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops. The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield. Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000.
Can YOU tell which is which? Which is the best wedding dress on the high street?. Wedding season is fast upon us, but with the average cost of the big day hitting £25,000, thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget.
Apple Music streaming service Tidal, launched last month by rapper Jay Z, is also trying to convince artists to sign exclusive deals for their content, to fend off competition from services such as Spotify and Google Inc's YouTube. The Jay Z-backed Beats competitor Tidal has a slew of big name co-owners including Madonna, Nicki Minaj and Rihanna.
Former Playboy model Georgina Gosden, 25, is facing charges for punching two women in the face at a pub. Both incidences took place at Towsnville's Mad Cow Tavern in north Queensland.
Boy, 8, found safe and well after being kidnapped in backseat of his family's car. Brock Guzman was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 Toyota Corolla. Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the car after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home.
Toby the tortoise reunited with owner after nearly a year on the run. Owner Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago. But he has now returned home and after piecing together his escapades over the last year, it's become apparent he's had quite an adventure.
Architect Adam Leheup, 34, had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old telling the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts. He had fought back tears as he told jurors he never had sex with the young woman and didn't do anything she did not consent to.
Pensions minister Steve Webb urges people to not make rash decisions. He is the Pensions Minister who famously said we should be free to blow our life savings on a Lamborghini. But after liberating a nation to spend their money as they wish, Steve Webb has now urged people to take their time.
Albert Roux’s new girlfriend Nataliya Lutsyshyna. The legendary French chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, Zimbabwean-born heiress Cheryl Roux, last year. The coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce.
Lung cancer diagnosis time cut from days to just 30 minutes. A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. It even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer.
NHS bosses could dodge tax by channelling huge salaries through personal companies. The Mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken £35million in pay rises during the worst funding crisis in a generation. And today it can be revealed that some could dodge pay rises by using personal companies.
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers, urging them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran, and, at the very least, not to meddle in foreign affairs The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that's going to change today' With the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal, the White House said administration officials
Luca Railton, 11, was born with bones missing from his legs, due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia. Doctors said the condition - which affects just one in three million people - meant he would to have his right leg amputated or fused straight. But his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects, which would have left Luca severely disabled for life.
Amanda Lamb stars in new Air Wick fragrance campaign. The 42-year-old star lounges among lush blooms in sweeping ball gowns as she collaborates with Air Wick for a new range of home fragrances. The seductive shoot has been captured by Vogue and GQ photographer, Willy Camden.
Steven Nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay-at home. 'I don't at all mean to offend anyone with this post,' he writes.
Anand Iyer quit his job to be a house-husband. From the outside, Anand Iyer seemed to have it all. A wife, an adorable two-year-old daughter, and a six-figure salary job with a leading tech company in San Francisco.
Nicola Sturgeon shows off her slimmed-down figure in fuchsia column dress. It’s one of the most striking style transformations in British politics. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures. And while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event, research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic. The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame. And the researchers said that the amount of carbon added to the atmosphere to trigger the mass extinction was 'probably greater than today's fossil fuel reserves'.
Middlesbrough 2-1 Wolves: Patrick Bamford inspires vital victory over Wolves. Bamford has now scored more league goals in one season than any other Boro player has achieved in the last 25 years. The 21-year-old makes no secret of his desire to one day return to Chelsea.
Police rescue terrified puppies strapped in a cage to the roof of a van moving on the freeway. Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania. He said they were transporting the dogs to his wife's family in Pennsylvania because his father could no longer keep them.
Nigel Nigel Farage insists he did not 'lose my rag' after rounding on the audience of a live TV debate for being too left wing. The Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall as he faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants.
Hillary Clinton's Secret Service convoy includes a second Scooby. After her signature oversize black Chevy conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk, Iowa, a visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle. The Secret Service frequently deploys duplicates of aircraft and cars it uses to transport VIPs – including Marine One, the president's customized helicopter, which usually travels with two decoys.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes becomes oldest Briton to complete Marathon des Sables with just 13 minutes to spare. At the finish line of the six-day 256km race through the Moroccan desert, the 71-year-old, who has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003, said the event is 'not set for old geriatrics like me'..
Next has come up with a foolproof plan for staying in the lead when it comes to womenswear. Britain's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels. So if you love the Mulberry Bayswater tote, but wince at the eye-watering price tag, you can pick up a looky-likey from Next. Or if you fancy yourself in a Victoria Beckham-style armband shift dress, but wouldn't remortgage your home to pay for it.
'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!' Teenager taunts police on Facebook page for failing to catch him. 18-year-old Ryan Heritage from Wiltshire posted a obnoxious message on Trowbridge police's page, saying: 'Ooi yo check for a warrant if there’s a warrant. He went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police who chased him on foot.
Mother finds dead gecko stuck to the lining of jacket she bought from Asda. Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury, Kent. But when the 49-year-old took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through' from the its lining.
Boston bombing victims' mother says Mark Wahlberg film is 'way too soon'. Liz Norden's adult sons, JP and Paul, each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashing by the Tsarnaevs' primitive explosives in April 2013. The men, now in their mid-thirties, were received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the Boston Marathon almost two years ago.
Back Painkillers were of little help. Julie McKenzie was assured by her GP that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine.
Wine bar bars vicar from coming in for a drink because he wears sandals. The Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, a well-known local character popular with his parishioners, was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich. He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot.
Air Canada flight from Germany to Toronto diverted to Shannon Airport after 87-year-old woman causes disturbance. The pensioner, who was travelling in First Class on board the Boeing 777-300 jet, was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing. On touching down at around 8.15pm local time, Gardaí­ and airport police officers were standing by, and the woman was taken into custody.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, impersonates Taylor Swift when she's not attending school in South Carolina. Before embarking on a career impersonating Taylor six years ago, Elizabeth was just a big fan of the star — until classmates at her all-girls school began telling her she looked like the Grammy winner.
Lake Michigan boat graveyard revealed following ice-melt. Crystal clear waters have revealed a number of haunting hulls belonging to ships that succumbed to the perils of Lake Michigan over the centuries. The unusual transparency has been caused by surface ice melting, unveiling the boat graveyard at the bottom of the Great Lake, before organisms like plankton conceal them once more.
Heather Mack, 19, who is accused of murdering her socialite mother in Bali, has filed for about half a million dollars to be transferred to Mack's daughter Stella from Mack's trust fund. The daughter of Chicago socialite Sheila Von Wiese-Mack accused of brutally murdering her mother during a Bali vacation will turn over a'significant percentage' of her $1.3million trust fund to care for her newborn daughter. Vanessa Favia, attorney for 19-year-old Heather Mack has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella.
CCTV footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her vest at the Caulfield RSL in Elsternwick, south-east of Melbourne about 8.00pm on Wednesday. The woman, who is donning a black-and-white striped top and a black vest, could be seen wandering her eyes around the room but walks away when a man strolls past with his blazer.
Jacob King, from Melbourne, told Daily Mail Australia he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters at Federation Square. Wearing a Harley Davidson sleeveless hoodie, which showed off his sleeve of tattoos, the bald man attempted to start a fight with the protesters against racism.
Charles Barnhoorn, 20, took hundreds of cans of 'hippy crack' before taking his own life. A 20-year-old man took hundreds canisters of nitrous oxide - a legal high party drug commonly known as Nos - before killing himself. He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton in Devon by his heartbroken mother Susan.
Wid Widower reunited with his dog Missy after deadly tornado. Sadly, owner Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast.
Dozens more company bosses have signed a letter backing Tory economic plans – including a prominent former Labour supporter. By last night, a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a 'change in course'. Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi.
John Truong thought he was helping his sister have a nice night out with her boyfriend. Instead, he ended up an unknowing accomplice to a bizarre abduction. Police arrested Truong's sister Alyssa Chang this week after she allegedly helped kidnap 2-year-old Ronnie Tran and his mother, with the child's grandmother, 65-year -old Vien Nguyen.
The adorable creature had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in the early morning sun in India, when he gave a big yawn and flicked out his tongue. The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student, Ranajit Roy in his hometown of Bengaluru. He said: 'I was up early and walking when I spotted the Indian palm squirrel asleep in a tree. 'As he stirred, he began yawning and he stuck out his little pink tongue.'
Teenager charged with hacking into teacher's computer. Domanik Green, 14, has been accused of accessing the staff member's laptop at Paul R. Smith Middle School in Holiday, Florida, without permission by using an administrator's password.
Teacher Nicole McDonough, 32, of Mount Olive, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at Mendham High School. A subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other male students.
Charleston police officer commits suicide during standoff. Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home.
Seven-year-old British boy falls 160ft to his death from a cliff in the Alps after becoming separated from his family on a skiing holiday. Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area, according to a source. He fell down a 160ft cliff after trying to find his parents.
Robin Robin Williams spent his last days in a paranoid frenzy, aware that'something else was wrong with him', a British television show will claim tonight. In a 'peculiar' incident just one day before his death, the Oscar-winning actor stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping.
Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe to be moved to low-security Priory unit in Berkshire. The families of victims of the Yorkshire serial killer are furious at plans to move him from Broadmoor prison to a low security unit. Sutcliffe is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse.
Police dig up patio of pub where landlady Deborah Steel disappeared 17 years ago. Deborah Steel, 37, who ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire, was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997. Her body has never been found.
Kanye is sick of the notion that celebrities are controlling society as members of the secret group The Illuminati, in an essay that he penned for Paper magazine's American Dream issue. Less than a year after his wife Kim Kardashian posed nude for the magazine, the 37-year-old rapper stars on Paper's latest cover, donning a grey sweatshirt from his collection for Adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter North's nickname, Nori.
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan's lives changed forever after being arrested for the Bali Nine drug smuggling operation. It is a decade to the day that Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan's lives were changed forever after being arrested for the Bali Nine drug smuggling operation. Friday is also Sukumarn's 34th birthday which could well be his last.
Kylie Gulliver, a former model and actress (with appearances on Neighbours, Offspring and Winners and Losers on her resume) from Melbourne had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years, before a very modern encounter - via Instagram - changed her fortune. The 29-year-old's brand Elliott Label is suddenly the hit of Hollywood, and is adorning the backs of stars including Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and pop group GRL.
Housekeeper who stole antiques and art treasures worth £500,000 from a wealthy countess faces jail term. Kim Roberts admitted to stealing the precious paintings, vases and silverware from Dowager Countess Bathurst’s Cirencester mansion and her London home. The 58-year-old worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches.
TOWIE star Bobby Cole Norris thanks anonymous donor who came forward to help his mother Kym Norris in her fight against leukaemia. 'Somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @AnthonyNolan and was a match for my mum, I will never be able to thank you enough'. Bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors last August. The reality star was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his 'best' friend and mother had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant.
Tesco chairman John Allan claimed the Tory leader's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from Brussels means the cart is very firmly before the horse. He suggested large firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly', should Britain exit the EU.
Treasury chief Danny Alexander pictured drinking with call girl Brooke Magnanti. The Chief Secretary to the Treasury has been caught on camera knocking back drinks with a high-class call girl. But sadly for scandalmongers, the chance encounter between Danny Alexander and Brooke Magnati – better known by her former alias Belle de Jour – was innocent.
A mother, father and their eight-month old baby boy were killed on Monday when a concrete barrier fell onto their truck as they were driving under an overpass in Washington State. The tragic accident claimed the lives of Josh and Vanessa Ellis and baby Hudson, who were crushed when the 50-foot-long concrete slab slammed down on top of them.
Man hit in the head by oncoming Tube train at Stockwell station. A commuter is fighting for his life after reportedly bending down to pick up his bag and being hit on the head as it pulled into a station. Other passengers watched in horror as the man, said to be in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train.
Hon Honza and Claudine Lafond, from Sydney, have taken their passion for yoga all over the world, striking gravity-defying poses in front of dozens of famous landmarks - from the Colosseum in Rome to the Paris's Eiffel Tower. Honza, who lives in Sydney, has posted pictures from all their athletic adventures on Instagram, attracting more than 251,000 followers.
Prince Andrew makes first public appearance since sex claims against him were thrown out. The Duke of York was visiting the offices of AkzoNobel, a paint firm based in Slough, and smiled broadly as he chatted to employees. He's back!
The Clinton Foundation will continue to accept donations from foreign governments despite the risk of a conflict of interest now that its founder is running for the White House. The charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six.
Rhiannon Langley shares her nose job experience on social media. The 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong following on Instagram alone, and is keeping each of them updated while she undergoes Rhinoplasty in Thailand. She informed her followers of her impending surgery via the latter one week ago.
Italian artist AleXsandro Palombo asks women to write their thoughts on gender violence on their underwear. In the #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens, and sometimes hiding behind the knickers. In What Kind Of Man Are You?
Hero pilot pulls plane out of North Sea nosedive with just seven seconds to spare. The plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning, but autopilot ignored the pilot’s commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea. The airliner pitched down, falling at 9,500ft a minute, and fell to just 1,100ft above the ocean before its commander wrestled back control.
Lianna Barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed. The 39-year-old was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first, the New York Post reported.
South Africa: Woman left covered in blood after rocks are thrown at her car. Carol Lloyd was forced to stop her car as she drove close to Jeppestown after she was injured when a rock smashed through her car window. South African President Jacob Zuma has condemned the attacks as'shameful' and branded them 'criminal acts against vulnerable people'.
Bethany Farrell, 23, from Essex, died on February 17 while in Queensland's Whitsundays, a week into her dream gap-year when she went scuba diving for the first time. Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances.
Evan Summerfield from Devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life. The youngster had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button. And when his great-grandmother carried out the 'glass test', she saw that it didn't fade under pressure.
Julia Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday. The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher - who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors.
Bobby Moore's granddaughter Poppy Moore marries Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office. Bobby Moore’s granddaughter celebrated her wedding with an intimate family celebration in London yesterday. Poppy was only 18 months old when her famous grandfather died in February, 1993. The England and West Ham legend who captained the 1966's World Cup winning side was only 51 when he lost his battle with bowel cancer.
One out of six NFL players will declare bankruptcy within 12 years of retiring from the league, a shocking new study has revealed. The rate of bankruptcy, 15.7percent - remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid, according to researchers from the California Institute of Technology, George Washington University and the University of Washington.
Formula One fan arrested after running across the track during practice for Chinese Grand Prix. The man is believed to have scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall. It was reported that the fan then walked into the Ferrari garage expressing his desire to race a grand prix car. The incident, which took place during the second practice session at the Shanghai International Circuit, will have evoked memories of the 2003 British Grand Prix.
Travelzoo survey reveals which parties are most likely to travel on holiday. While Conservative supporters love a good trashy plane read, it seems Liberal Democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights, while UKIP supporters are the least likely to want to save money on holiday. Voters for the Scottish National Party are more likely to bring out the Speedo swimming trunks.
HillaryHillary Clinton's astroturf candidacy is in full swing in Iowa. Her Tuesday morning visit to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa was staged from beginning to end, according to Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs.
Esther McVey calls on Ed Miliband to condemn ‘scurrilous’ campaign against her after she is branded ‘murderer’ in graffiti. The employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell. She also revealed how the network of female Tory ministers, including Home Secretary Theresa May, support each other with text messages, phone calls and by taking each other out for drinks.
TOWIE's Jessica Wright is the first celebrity to star in an Ann Summers campaign. The 29-year-old has been announced as the face (and body) of Ann Summers' swimwear and beachwear campaign, Hotel Summers. The campaign sees Jess showcase her incredible figure in the resort collection.
Photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors. Teaching assistant Julian, originally from Brighton, Sussex, but living in the UAE capital for the last four years, is planning an exhibition of his epic photos.
Ad Adele Sarno, 85, who has lived there for more than 50 years received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford. Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home.
Washington State Representative Jesses Young wants to use two or three carriers as a bridge across Sinclair inlet. The distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile - 3,700 feet.
Army major and his wife engaged in 'a regimen of abuse and neglect' with their three young foster children over a period of years that left the toddlers with broken bones and numerous other health problems, a federal prosecutor told a jury at the couple's child abuse trial Monday. John and Carolyn Jackson also forced some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes and weren't exposed until one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family, Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Shumofsky said in his opening statement.
IKEA bans Chinese shoppers from sleeping in their beds and sofas. The Swedish retailer has been forced to take action to stop visitors kicking off their shoes and going to sleep on their beds. The problem has got so bad that nappers had taken over more than half of beds in the Xihongmen store in Beijing, The People’s Daily reported – with some even getting under the covers for a snooze. The practice became so popular that telling people you were going to Ikea became a euphemism in China for ‘going to a matchmaking event’.
Jimmy Savile was known to be a regular visitor in the 1970s. The Metropolitan Police had intelligence that a 1960s band attended the same brothel as Savile.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc. Last month doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering and this was the 'final straw'.
Valyrian steel is NOT a steel at all, but instead a metal matrix composite. In Game of Thrones, the secret to forging super-light and strong Valyria steel swords was said to have been lost with the Doom of ValYria. But, despite its fictional basis, a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry. The findings and conclusions were made by materials scientist Ryan Consell in the latest Reactions video for Washington-based American Chemical Society. He began by looking at standard steel.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to FSH on March 30 with swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms. She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her
Ali Gordon and Lydia Millen are the UK's fittest couple. They say the couple who trains together, stays together - and that's certainly the case for super fit Ali Gordon. In fact, this gorgeous twosome, who met on Instagram and live in Milton Keynes, could easily be contenders.
Boston University goalie Matt O’Connor's own-goal in NCAA hockey title game. The NCAA championship game, which ended 4-3 and was played at the TD Garden in Boston, will always be remembered for the game-tying goal allowed by BU's Matt O'Connor, not the winner. With a little more than eight minutes remaining in the game and his team down a goal, Providence defenseman Tom Parisi dumped the puck towards the BU goal from near center ice.
La La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, finally got the answers she's wanted almost her whole life. She looked up her mother's name, Francine Simmons, on Facebook and found out she worked Infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at.
'I've never had any negative thoughts about what I went through'. Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old. But after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia.
Tim Farron accused of 'betrayal' over death of councillor Jo Stephenson. Nick Clegg's arch-rival for the leadership of the Liberal Democrats was at the centre of a bitter row last night over the death of one of the party's councillors. Mr Stephenson, deputy leader of Cumbria County Council, fell from the three-storey property in Windermere after being vilified over new parking charges.
Husband charged with more than 100 domestic violence offences including rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against wife. Officers were first called to a Carrington Circuit residence in February where they found the 51-year-old woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute at the home. A police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the man, from Leumeah, 52 kilometres south-west of Sydney, had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years.
Judge Royce Lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency, and prosecutors asked that those sentences - the minimums mandatory under the law - be made even harsher. Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter, attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony.
Joseph O’Riordan, 74, stabbed her eight times in a jealous rage after finding out she had been having an affair with a postman. A close friend told how he had confided in him about the extraordinary plan.
Prehistoric humans living in a cave 14,700 years ago were cannibals and made cups from the skulls of the dead, a new study has found. Researchers at the Natural History Museum in London and University College London have found evidence that the human bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed. The skulls also showed signs they had been stripped of their flesh before being broken and carefully shaped into a bowl.
William Shakespeare may indeed have been the original author of the play Double Falsehood after all. The work was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a Shakespeare play about a Spanish nobleman's ignoble pursuit of two women.
Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on St Patrick's Cathedral. One woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head, while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of Mayor Bill de Blasio.
Aaronessa Keaton, 24, charged with manslaughter in 2014 crash that killed 5-year-old child. Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in February 2014, and one of the children later died from their injuries. When told of this after her arrest, Keaton said; 'Sh*t happens.'.
Britain faces a 'coalition of chaos' under Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon, David Cameron warned today. The Prime Minister, who travelled to Glasgow this morning to unveil the Tory Party's Scottish manifesto, accused the SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' to Britain.
Bleach could leave children more susceptible to catching flu, tonsillitis or other infections, according to a study published earlier this month. Researchers found a link between a weekly use of bleach in the home and the frequency of infections, particularly respiratory ones.
Fizzy drinks could be stashed in fizzy drinks. An Australian government report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola. The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, from Mossley, near Ashton, only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror - and said his partner went 'absolutely bonkers' when she saw it. Rob said he carried out the practical joke on Josh, who had passed out at a New Year's Eve party, in revenge for a tattoo Josh did on Rob's leg two years ago.
Police in Maryland have launched a manhunt for a 26-year-old karate instructor who has been charged with possessing child pornography. The Montgomery County Police Department said Friday that Alexander Soumbadze faces eight possession of child pornography counts.
'If you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!!. The tranquility of a high-priced inner-Sydney suburb has been shattered as a transport war has broken out between locals and commuters. A fed up resident of Cammeray, a wealthy North Shore suburb, stuck a note to the windscreen of car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders.
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down. He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money and left him close to bankruptcy.
B2C Data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people – including details about their pension pots, incomes and investments. The second firm – Data Bubble – supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients – such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure, arthritis or even bladder problems.
Card Cardiologist Anthony J. Moschetto, 54, was arrested on charges he had another doctor's office torched, then hired undercover officers to have the doctor hurt or killed. He was caught on undercover video discussing the alleged plot.
Queen Victoria spent her holidays in Osborne House on the Isle of Wight. Accommodation was built for the stationmaster, as well as waiting rooms with toilets for both ladies and gentlemen.
Abraham Lincoln and George Washington were gay, says a new book by a gay activist and award winning writer. Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles.
School prefect Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with Asperger's syndrome. The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan, who was described by her mother as 'geeky', had desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends. Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition and felt unable to discuss it with anybody.
Texas teen Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites. In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision - which he does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!'
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was seen by a witness on Friday running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God. He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree.
'Plus-size' model Laura Wells reveals extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for Fashion Week. The size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard'skinnier' models during her stint working in New York, and says that their agents instructed them to stick to a diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water'. 'It's completely unhealthy, not only for their body but mentally as well.'
Google has launched its latest Street View experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway. To collect the images, Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project - a project set up to explore the loch and investigate all alleged sightings.
Man jailed for 32 years for murdering mother and daughter in their own home. Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara Alexandra Horstmann in broad daylight at their Warwick home, in Perth, WA. Cameron, who was 19 and at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts. Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings.
Britain's five highest-earning NHS dentists are paid average salaries of £690,000 a year. The sum is almost five times the Prime Minister’s £142,500 pay packet – and comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of NHS practices. In 2012/13, the latest figures available, five practitioners were paid more than £500,000.
Malawi, Burundi and Tanzania order police to shoot albino body parts traders. Police across Malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos, while Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with body parts. And in nearby East Africa, albinino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers.
Irina Shayk gets close to Jarrod Scott in sexy new Linda Farrow eyewear video. The Russian supermodel, 29, split from her partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January, saying she felt 'ugly standing next to the wrong man'. But she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign. The video follows the couple cavorting around an LA pool in the sunshine, wearing the latest SS15 styles.
Amazon has pulled a controversial computer game where players are encouraged to feed a cartoon character battling anorexia. The game is based on children's favourite Whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl.
Ryanair and Aer Lingus have locked horns once again on Twitter. In not-so-subtle posts on the social networking site, the two carriers reignited their feud by posting tweets concerning their operation at Dublin Airport.
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, marry in Brunei. The son of the Sultan of Brunei, one of the world's richest men, has wed bride in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch's 1,788-room palace in the country's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan. The newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while blushing bride Raabi’atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems, rather than flowers. The groom
California serial killer who went on nine-day killing spree denied parole. Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, Mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County. Thomas, who was 18 at the time, was sentenced to life with the possibility of parole. Titch died behind bars last year.
Callum Ryan, 21, committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between January and September 2015 - covering a total distance of 337.5 kilometres. His 'Eight Great States' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, Malachy Frawley who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old. Callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around Australia, raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects.
Search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 will be doubled if nothing is found in the huge undersea area now being scanned for wreckage. The search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Pensioner Pamela Clothier: 'My son Peter didn't think I was going to make it, so he just upped and tried to sell everything.' Pensioner who went into hospital and came home to find her possessions had been cleared out has criticised her son who she says ‘didn’t think I’d make it’. Pamela, from Battle, Sussex, was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in Battle, East Sussex. But the 92-year-old's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity Age UK to clear it
Obama meets Usain Bolt in 'lightning pose' as he visits Jamaica. During the encounter on Thursday, Obama spoke about the six-time Olympic champion saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people.' He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me'.
British former supermarket security guard, who left his parents house and became an ISIS jihadist in Syria, has been busy writing advice about 'dealing' with wannabe jihadi brides. Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at Morrisons before he travelled to Syria.
Britain could face another devastating economic crash unless more jobs are created outside the M25, David Cameron warns. The Conservative leader set out an ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside London and the South East to prevent a ‘reckless’ economy booming in the capital. He said that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ‘on the screens of the traders in the City of London’.
Tory MP Mark Reckless on course to lose Rochester by-election. The Tory MP who defected to Ukip to trigger the Rochester and Strood by election is on course for defeat at the General Election. According to the latest secret polling bombshell to hit Nigel Farage’s party, he faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority.
School teacher tells Chris Christie to 'tone it down'. A New Jersey school teacher took the mic at a town hall meeting Tuesday to tell presumptive 2016 presidential candidate Chris Christie that he needs to check his attitude at the door. 'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States.'
Bear chained to a tree and attacked by dogs as part of a baiting competition to hone hunting skills in Yakutsk, eastern Russia. These shocking pictures show a young bear being chained to the tree while several dogs undergo 'hunting training' with the predator. The controversial contest, held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic, is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter.
Dame Helen Mirren proves time and again that youth has got nothing to do with style, elegance and beauty. The actress looked stunning at the premiere of The Woman in Gold and showed us just why she's an inspiration to us all.
J Lo's Versace dress was inspiration for Google Images. Fifteen years ago, Jennifer Lopez' shimmering, navel-baring Versace gown captivated the world. It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt, who has revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images.
Georgia woman is speaking out about her refusal to follow doctors' advice and pull the plug on her husband of just seven months following a devastating motorcycle crash. Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011.
Man Tasered at Toronto Airport for refusing to comply with security staff. This is the moment a man who refused to comply with security staff at a Toronto Airport was Tasered and brought to the ground. The man, believed to be mentally disturbed, was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol.
Smallest working gun in the world is smaller than a matchstick and fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34mm in diameter. These images show the world's smallest working gun - which is shorter than an ordinary matchstick. Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power. The gun currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver.
Pregnant model Sarah Stage gives birth to healthy baby boy. Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon. And despite her critics' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to to her unborn child, it seems their fears were unfounded.
Fireman Xu Weiguo, who was also inside the apartment, immediately climbed out on to the ledge and video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away. He holds on to her right arm and is seen calling for someone to assist him before a colleague also clambers out on the ledge to help to haul the woman to safety. She was then pushed kicking and screaming back in through the window by the firemen before being restrained by police officers and taken to hospital.
Chinese city turns blood red for nearly an hour. Residents in a Chinese city had a shock when they looked up and saw the sky glowing bright red - like something from a Hollywood disaster movie. And if that wasn't scary enough, people in the northern city of Aershan feared the end was nigh.
Al Sharpton denies family of Walter Scott barred him from attending his funeral. The controversial preacher and civil rights campaigner said a report that the family wanted him gone to avoid 'another Ferguson type of circus' is 'bogus'. He also announced that he would head to North Charleston, South Carolina, to preach and attend a vigil on Sunday.
Astronomers find the building blocks of life in a distant star system. For the first time, astronomers have found the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming. The discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system.
Naked bodies of young couple found stuffed in boxes in India. Locals discovered the dead pair, believed to be in their mid to late 20s, in separate metal trunks in a public park in Haryana state, around 30 miles south of New Delhi.
The discovery of cremated bone, thought to be the earliest ever identified in Britain, could re-write the history of Mesolithic, or Middle Stone Age burial practices. The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in Landford, Essex and is thought to date to 5,600 BC. It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil. Taken alongside evidence of a large amount of charcoal in the pit, it’s thought the material represents a deposit of some of the remains from a pyre, and not
Robot 'arrested' by Swiss police after buying 10 Ecstasy tablets on the dark net. The automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $100 each week by randomly purchasing an item offered for sale on the deep web. The robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen, in north east Switzerland.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight. Researchers found people who were underweight in middle age were 34 per cent more likely to be diagnosed with dementia than those who were of a healthy weight. Being overweight in mid-life could increase your risk of dementia, claim researchers. The findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat – with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk.
Kevin Andrews fails to name Islamic State leader. Defence Minister Kevin Andrews has failed to name the leader of terrorist organisation the Islamic State on the same day the Federal Government announced they would be sending more than 300 Australian troops to Iraq. Australian soldiers are embarking on a two-year mission in Iraq, but will be spending it 'behind the wire' not engaging in combat, Mr Andrews said.
Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger. Minutes later, he was rushed to an area hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Peter Fox, 26, arrested on suspicion of double murder of mother and sister. A 26-year-old man wanted for the murder of his mother and sister has been arrested after being spotted by a member of the public. Peter Fox was arrested at Euston Station in London this morning on suspicion of the murders of Bernadette, 57, and Sarah Fox, 27, following a nationwide manhunt.
Postal carrier who flew gyrocopter onto the U.S. Capitol is facing two criminal charges. But he's being released from federal custody to return to Florida. He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace.
Incredible satellite images have shown a massive sandstorm almost as large as the United States billowing across the Arabian Peninsula. Images show the vast sandstorm sweeping its way across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates and reaching as far east as India and Pakistan over a period of seven days.
David Cameron and wife Samantha visit Sikh temple in Kent. The Prime Minister, wearing a traditional orange patka, and Mrs Cameron, in a blue headscarf, chatted and posed for selfies at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent earlier today. They briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple.
The oldest human footprints left behind on a muddy lakeside 1.5 million years ago appear to have been made by prehistoric hunting parties. Researchers examining the site where a series of tracks left by a barefooted early human in Ileret, northwest Kenya, have now found a total of 99 prints. They now believe that they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time - perhaps even stalking some of the other animals whose prints are also preserved in the mud.
HBO threatens to cut off Aussies who use overseas accounts to watch Game of Thrones. An American cable and satellite television network has pledged to crackdown on Australians who use online accounts to access the US-restricted streaming service HBO NOW. Tens of thousands of Australians are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network (VPN) technology.
Florida woman who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy. Heather Hironimus, who filed the complaint late Monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven't.
Corporal Christian Walmsley, 42, wrote suicide notes before taking fatal overdose. The father-of-three had served in the First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland in the Royal Engineers from 1989 until 2000. The 42-year-old had witnessed the'significant violence only soldiers experience'.
Rogue planets could harbour extra-terrestrials. The warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life. But astronomers say 'rogue', sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour alien life.
Los Angeles' most famous cougar 'left the building' after taking up residence in an unsuspecting family's crawl space. The mountain lion, known as P-22, left the Los Feliz home in the early hours of Tuesday, having created quite the media circus in the affluent Hollywood suburb. His departure was announced on Twitter by the California Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Zara Phillips reveals how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia. The 33-year-old, who is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics, welcomed Mia Grace with husband Mike Tindall last year. But after finding herself'surprised' by how her fitness dropped during pregnancy, the Queen's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape. 'What surprised me about having a baby is losing all your fitness and how tough it is to get it back to that level again.'
Kelly Ripa leaves NYC apartment in tears after Dr Fredric Brandt's death. The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host, who is usually seen smiling, wore a frown as she left the building alone. The beauty was carrying her coat as well as some papers, a cell phone and her purse.
British jihadis have posted pictures of junk food and drinks such as Burger King, Pringles and mojitos which they have had carried across the Turkish border into Syria. Would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq, who are desperately missing the Western treats. However, the hypocrisy in their choice of diet hasn't gone unnoticed, with Twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
Gun violence costs taxpayers $229 billion a year. An investigation spanning almost three years into the yearly cost of gun violence covered by U.S. taxpayers has determined the figure to be over $229billion. The new study was spawned by the mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in July 2012 during a midnight screening of The Dark Knight rises, in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured.
Hollywood PR Peggy Siegal claimed 12 Years A Slave judges did not want to give Steve McQueen the Best Picture Award because it was not patriotic enough to America. The emails also reveal that a Hollywood blockbuster of Dr Who is in the works - but not for a few years. The database is the first time the information has been made available in one place in a searchable format.
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011 after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of Birmingham. However, when CCTV showed that in fact nobody had approached him, he was sectioned under the Mental Health Act.
Scientists discover protein which boosts immune system ten-fold. British scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients’ ability to fight off cancer, they revealed last night. A team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy.
FakeFakeTan.co.uk The number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter (24.1 per cent) from the year before, bringing the value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million. The product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including Victoria Beckham, the stars on Strictly Come Dancing and the cast – both male and female – of reality TV show The Only Way Is Essex.
Beatrice Tollman, founder of a luxury hotel chain, made her most recent donation of £20,000 to the Tories earlier this month to boost the party's General Election campaign coffers. But last night it emerged that she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge.
Michelle, a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle. She said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings. When she pulled up next to the man, he threw the bottle at her car, she told Jacksonville Sheriff's Office.
10 years on from the day Camilla Parker-Bowles became the Duchess of Cornwall, things are looking very different for the 67-year-old royal. She was the most hated woman in Britain, loathed for her role in the break-up of the Prince and Princess of Wales' marriage and vilified for everything from her dress sense to her looks. Now, 10 years later, she has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family, adored by her step-sons William and Harry.
Dave Brockie's father sues GWAR over alleged theft of his son's ashes. Brockie, who was known onstage as the armor-clad demon Oderus Urungus, was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014. A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose. The Grammy-nominated band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes, stage antics and vulgar lyrics.
Missing toddler William Tyrrell's parents plead for his return in heart-wrenching video. Detectives investigating the disappearance of three-year-old William (pictured) believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he disappeared from his grandmother's house last September. The toddler's parents have released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts. The toddler was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother’s yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September Police believe he was snatched during a very short
David Cameron calls on people to 'feel proud to say this is a Christian country' as he visits orphaned lambs in the Cotswolds. The Prime Minister, who has defended the right of the Church to intervene in political debate, said Easter was'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays in our national life'. Mr Cameron's praise for the Church comes after he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a 'fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be' which was widely seen as an attack on the Coalition's welfare cuts. The slaughter at Garissa University College in Kenya
Four-year-old boy mauled by family's pit bull returns home. Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack by their dog Smash on April 1. The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds.
Dental amalgam: Jameela Jamil, 29, spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. The 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth - or rather, the dental work done on them - triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years. After several months of this, she went to a private doctor who referred her for tests. Blood tests showed she had high mercury levels. With nothing else to account for these raised levels, her fillings were pinpointed as the cause.
New Zealand woman finds half a cockroach in her Big Mac. Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald's for herself and her three-year-old son Luca at about 5.20pm on Saturday. The cosmetic artist, from New Zealand, found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth.
Teenager Kyle Major, 14, from Blackpool, Lancashire, followed his victim - who had just asked his group of friends for directions - and felled him from behind with a punch to the back of the head. Paul Walker, 52, was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital.
Rose Byrne and Gracie Otto launch all female film production company 'The Doll House Collective'. They are already talented actresses, one a Hollywood star. But now Aussies Rose Byrne (pictured) and Gracie Otto are about to add another string to their bow. The Bridesmaids star and daughter of famed Australian actor Barry Otto have, along with fellow actress Krey Boylan, film director Shannon Murphy and PR maven Jessica Carrerea, have launched their very own all female film production company called The Doll House Collective.
Priest Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple called Gokurakuji in Kitakyushu, southwest Japan. But after the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law, according to Japan Today.
Australian descendants of eight ANZAC veterans proudly show off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs in moving commemorative photo series. Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago. The soldiers' medals remain glistening inside their descendants' homes after a century of being treasured.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels. This energy can be used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down. Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, and potentially having to buy it back at a later date or time, homeowners can use this stored supply to power their home until the sun rises again. The system comes in different sizes ranging from the SonnENSPEicher 300, which is 4.8 kWh, to the 1000 model which offers 13.44 kWh.
Abandoned, rusting and desolate, the hulking remnants of these old bangers have been claimed by nature. German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields.
Most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world. In cities that are as well-known for their burgeoning fashion scene as they are their must-see monuments and ever-evolving culture, it's perhaps no surprise that hotel staff are as stylish as their chic visitors. The Park Hyatt New York, for example, recently hired First Lady Michelle Obama's favourite designer, Narcisco Rodriguez, to re-design the staff's uniforms.
Wife of Florida postal worker who landed gyrocopter on U.S. Capitol lawn says her husband is a patriot. After more than two years of planning, 61-year-old Doug Hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone Wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of Congress -- and landed the aircraft on the Capitol lawn. Hughes has since been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to Florida under certain conditions.
The Earth experienced its hottest month of March since record-keeping began in 1880. There's been no break from the globe's record heat - the first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks. Last month's average temperature soared to 56.4°F (13.6°C), which is 1.5°F (0.85°C) above the average for the 20th century.
Teenager bathes in pig's blood to stay young. A 19-year-old model in California has taken to bathing in pig’s blood in a desperate – and bizarre – attempt to maintain her youthful appearance – despite the fact that she is a vegetarian. In the latest episode of MTV's True Life, entitled 'I'm Obsessed With Staying Young', freelance model Chanel details her unique skincare method, which she tries to justify by claiming that 'thousands of years ago people did this and it worked'..
Three reportedly inexperienced abalone divers died after jumping into rough seas off the coast of northern California on Sunday. Ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone, a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet. It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight.
'Unemployed rich kids' cause major traffic accident in Beijing by racing and wrecking two supercars. The green Lamborghini and red Ferrari - which are worth a combined total of £1.3million - are believed to have been racing through the underpass in Beijing when the drivers lost control and crashed. Both drivers have now been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving.
BBC has been slammed for making a computer game simulating the terrifying ordeal Syrian refugees face as they try to flee their war-torn country. Players of the online game are tasked with escaping Syria - which has been ravaged by civil war and the rise of ISIS - and making it into Europe. Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria, either via Turkey or Egypt, as they make difficult decisions about whether to travel by land or sea.
Tory candidate sparks outrage after claiming mental health patients should wear coloured wristbands to flag up their conditions. Chamali Fernando, candidate for Cambridge, said wearing wristbands indicating a person's condition would help doctors, lawyers and police officers – because people suffering mental illnesses often struggled to explain themselves.
Goa: Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state. Something odd is going on this year in Goa - and it has to do with the rows of empty sunbeds. With the rouble in trouble, Russians are frozen at home.
Ed Ed Balls and the shadow health secretary Andy Burnham made the stark warning this morning, warning that the NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of the Tories in government The Labour frontbenchers, launching a week of Labour attacks on the NHS, said there had been a 'dramatic decline in standards' in the NHS over the past five years.
Retired Marine pleads not guilty to murdering clothing designer girlfriend. Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli. He has been in custody since June 2013.
Viv Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 with her husband Keith. The pair splurged the cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying - frittering away half of their wealth within four years of winning.
Joy Behar and Kelly Ripa share their grief over Dr Fredric Brandt's tragic death. Dr Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry and worked with Ms Ripa along with a host of other stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour. The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that his death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging.
Ed Miliband's son Daniel wades into row about 'two kitchens'. The unwitting admission from five-year-old Daniel, to be broadcast tonight, came as Mr Miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras. It is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign – once for a BBC profile, again for an interview on ITV's Good Morning Britain, a third time for a campaign visit in Blackpool over Easter, and again this evening on ITV.
Sarah Stage shares first photos of her healthy newborn baby boy. The 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs. But James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week.
Prince Harry surprises locals in tiny Australian village with surprise visit. They live in one of the remotest places on earth which means visitors, let alone royal ones, don't come along very often. Yesterday, though, locals living in the tiny township of Wuggubun in Western Australia got the surprise of their lives when Prince Harry turned up unannounced.
Greece has demanded more than £200billion in compensation from Germany for Nazi atrocities during the Second World War. The government yesterday unveiled its final calculation for the war reparations stemming from occupation by the Third Reich.The radical left Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes.
1515 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style. It's that time of year again - the in between seasons moment when you look in your wardrobe and genuinely believe there is nothing suitable for the weather outside.
Man creates 10in-tall, half-kilogram burger piled with six forms of three different meats. The Whole Damn Farm, which costs £13.50, is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester. He devised the mega meal - which contains two beef patties and a whole fried chicken thigh - after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat.
Don McLean sells American Pie manuscript for $1.5m at auction. The singer-songwriter's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1million (£1,006,303) at auction today, which offers tantalising new details about the famous anthem, originally released in 1971. 'American Pie is heading in the wrong direction,' McLean said.
Brothers Jeff and Joey Stallings, who were placed in medically-induced comas after taking a 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in their hometown of McComb, Mississippi. Hooked to ventilators in hospital beds, they were on the brink of death. Now, their mother, Karen Stallings has appealed to others not to smoke the drug, which she says has wrecked her sons' bodies and has left her youngest, Jeff, with permanent kidney damage.
French backpackers set alight Australian quokka. The disturbing footage sees Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3. Both men were on a working holiday and were spending three months in the south-west of Western Australia state. The men told Fairfax Media outside court on Saturday, 'you think we're monsters? We have pets at home.'
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of several house representatives who are creating a 'Family Defender Toolkit' that they hope will help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations. The toolkit includes a wallet-sized card that Gutierrez says should be shown to immigration officers when an undocumented immigrant is in an emergency situation.
How to go grey gracefully. The #grannyhair trend may still be going strong for women the world over, but it seems men will always hold the crown for rocking the grey look - as David Beckham proved earlier this week. Victoria Beckham posted a pic of her husband on Instragram on Tuesday and, due to the wispy grey strands peppering his beard, captioned it.
Could being cuddly fat, rather than hugely overweight, protect you against dying early?. A study published last week suggests that overweight people are less likely to develop dementia.
Teenager 'too beautiful too look at' undergoes major cosmetic surgery. Going by the name Lee Hee Danae, she has a shocking 400,000 followers on her Weibo account - a Chinese social media platform - which states her birthday is May, 1999. In some photos she has bluey green eyes and in other images her eyes are dark brown. The teenager from the Henan province in central China appears to have had surgery on her jaw, chin and eyes.
Virginia Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. In both cases Henthron was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on death of second.
Hor Horrific CCTV footage shows husband smashing his wife's head into concrete paving 11 times then shooting her in the face five times. Sickening video captured on security cameras shows crazed Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragging the limp body of dancer Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, into the garden of their apartment in the city of Rio de Janeiro in eastern Brazil.
NHS is spending millions on prescriptions for suncream and toothpaste, a damning analysis has found. Critics said it was ‘ludicrous’ that such items were being handed out when the NHS was rationing routine treatments.
Pregnant woman who went into coma gives birth to baby boy. Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover. The 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early.
Edward Snowden's bust of the NSA whistleblower appears in Brooklyn park. Suddenly, in the middle of the New York night, Edward Snowden’s familiar bespectacled face appeared - deep in a public park. A 4-foot-high, 100-pound sculpted bust was sneaked into Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park in the pre-dawn hours Monday.
Education Secretary of State Nicky Morgan has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on the state schools system caused by immigration. It comes less than six months after she told the head of Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn that schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants.
Boston Marathon bombing victims mark anniversary. Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombings returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy. Among them, the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street.
Chipotle has been leaving customers hungry for certain ingredients unsatisfied because not enough farms can meet its strict standards. The fast-casual chain, which plans on having 2,000 stores by the end of the year, removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia, has photographed herself over the past few months as she applies makeup and even changes in men's public restrooms, sometimes when men are even going to the bathroom right behind her. This to protest a proposed amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender.
Man accused of killing neighbour was suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse. The man who allegedly killed his neighbour was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the horrendous murder in 2012, a jury has heard. Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody's head, cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way in Red Hill, Canberra on July 2012.
British father of 15-year-old daughter who plunged 19 storeys to her death leaves Hong Kong court holding hands with partner. Managing director Nick Cousins looked visibly upset and his Filipino wife Herminia Garcia was shaking when they emerged from the court in the Sai Wai Ho suburb of Hong Kong, after she was granted bail. The couple were watching television in the family’s home, on the 19th floor of their luxury apartment buildings, when Blanca locked herself in a bathroom before failing to join the club.
Kevin Dixon, 35, of Newsome in West Yorkshire, took his friend's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her out and then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal. Kirklees Magistrates' Court heard that Dixon had agreed to walk the dog, Tempa, for its owner Amanda Hamer who had been unable to do so after she suffered severe whiplash in early 2014.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield, on January 7, an inquest heard. Shortly before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook, saying he was going to end it.
Bedbugs: Man burns himself to death after lighting cigarette inside car. Police in New York say a man seriously burned himself when he covered a rental car with alcohol to kill bedbugs and then lit a cigarette inside the car. Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with.
Appomattox re-enactors celebrate 150th anniversary of Lee's surrender. The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War.
Kelly Kreth, 44, told Dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. Six years and 600 prison letters later, Kreth says she's learned that a  sociopath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room.'
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, pleaded guilty to having sexual relations with two 17-year-old boys she was supposed to be teaching. A former high school teacher in South Carolina pleaded guilty on Tuesday to two counts of taking indecent liberties with a minor. She was sentenced to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison.
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a white Range Rover parked outside a house in Woodford Green, north London. Just seconds later using car hacking technology, he opens the door or smashing a window.
Labour councillor refuses to deal with local resident because they supported Ukip. Pensioner Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping. He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip'.
Facebook page mocking returned Australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media for it's description of diggers as 'dole bludgers', rapists and terrorists. 'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January, and claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians.
Woman, 70, faces jail time for allegedly smuggling four pounds of cocaine in her girdle and underwear. Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York. She now faces federal narcotics smuggling charges in Brooklyn Federal Court.
Eye2TV adaptor allows colour blind people to watch TV without loss of detail. Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. It adjusts colours in the image so that shows look 'normal', even if features colours such as red and green that would otherwise not be visible. And the subtle effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture.
University of South Carolina student suspended after writing 'n*****s' on whiteboard. The white female student, who has not been identified, was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several'reasons why USC WiFi blows' on the board at the university in Columbia, South Carolina. Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets' and parking.
Jericho Scott, 16, who became an internet star after being told he couldn't pitch for his Little League team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine, was shot dead in New Haven early on Sunday. Scott was killed while he sat in a white Volkswagen with a 20-year-old friend, Justin Compress, who was shot in the shoulder, hand and wrist but is now in stable condition.
Cad Cadbury's Fingers and other shrinking products. Whether it's a chocolate bar that no longer satisfies your appetite or washing powder which now runs out before your next shop, many of our big brands are shrinking their products.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, hit the headlines when, at 16, she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment. But part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it. Now, having realised she can't go on as a man again and having to pay for her treatment privately, Rihanna is working as an escort to fund her dreams.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. The Sedway family eventually boarded the plane and were awaiting takeoff in their seats when an airline representative came on board and announced that the cancer-stricken passenger could not fly without a note from her doctor.
Charlie Charlie Adam stuns Chelsea with 66-yard strike. The Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot.
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton hears claims of horrific abuse at orphanage. Victims at an Australian orphanage have told of the horrific abuse they suffered at the hands of the priests and nuns who ran the institution from claims of being raped by a broom handle to being forced to drink their own urine. While a retired nurse, who was sent to Neerkol orphanage, said she was punched and slapped repeatedly, and a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest Reginald Durham, who is now dead, from when she was 11. The Royal
Two TSA employees fired after they used body scanner inappropriately to allow male worker to fondle male passengers' genitals. The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year, CBS4 reported. According to a Denver Police Department report seen by Daily Mail Online, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) received an anonymous tip in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security.
The Queen turns 89: The Queen's still-sharp sense of fun shows no sign of diminishing. While the Queen's cameo role as a Bond girl came as a surprise to her grandsons, she still partakes in many of the habits picked up as a young woman, among them a penchant for a pre-lunch gin and Dubonnet. The Queen proved her sense of humour remains undiminished with her James Bond spoof. Just last week, she was spotted looking animated and crossing her fingers at the Newbury Races while cheering on her filly, Ring of Truth.
The Last Mile, the world’s only prison-based tech incubator. Kenyatta Leal has something millions of people would give anything for: the ability to bring the cream of Silicon Valley's executives to their feet. However, unlike most app developers, he learnt about technology not at MIT or at Stanford, but at San Quentin Correctional Facility. Leal was handed a life sentence in 1994 for his third strike, unlawfully possessing a firearm after committing a felony.
Floyd-Henry Morley, who has Achondroplasia dwarfism, is now a big brother to three-week-old twins. The Morleys, from Casuarina on the north coast of NSW, released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their 'little legend'. The Morley's aren't strangers to unexpected news, finding out when Floyd was only five months old that he had a rare genetic condition which meant he didn't grow as quickly as other kids. 'When we had Floyd we thought he was
Stephanie Flanders breaks silence over fling with Ed Miliband. The former BBC economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ‘secretly’ dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004. She said: ‘I thought he was good-looking and clever and seemed to be unattached. But we just went down a conversation cul-de-sac. Apparently we had nothing in common’.
Doctors have been accused of letting a woman die after wrongly concluding she had terminal cancer. Medics told the family of Margaret Hesketh that there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours.
Man accused of punching 3-year-old boy in the face at California supermarket. Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. He will be released by Sunday morning, with a court date set for April 24.
Andrea Dossena arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in Harrods. The 33-year-old, who now plies his trade with League One strugglers Leyton Orient, was arrested at the Knightsbridge store on Tuesday. He earned around £40,000-a-week at Anfield.
If your name is Nigel you are twice as likely as the general population to vote Ukip, according to research by YouGov. The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, the poll of 46,000 people found. Joe Twyman, YouGov's head of political research, said the idea was to look at whether a person’s first name had any bearing on how they voted.
Officer Michael Slager is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall without the entire cell block being cleared first, according to his lawyer. Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail.
Ryan Reynolds hit-and-run in Vancouver hotel parking lot. The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel, but he was left uninjured. He has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film Deadpool.
Conversation Sparks: Trivia Worth Talking About. We've all been there - the moment on a date when the conversation suddenly stalls. It might be midway through the meal or even ten minutes into the starter and you are both fumbling around for something to say that will end the silence.
Is there anything we can do to get more juice out of our phones?. A sure sign of middle age is when you start to get nostalgic about the mobile phones of your youth.
Emma Watson turns 25 and has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of. But how has the actress made the transition from Hermione Granger to a feminist heroine?.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute postpones screening of American Sniper in response to complaints from Muslim students. The film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students. However they appear to have done just the opposite. Following complaints from the RPI's Muslim Students' Association a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship.
Father and two children, aged eight and two, killed after SUV rolls over on Florida highway. Authorities say 38-year-old Uriel Miranda died at the scene and his 2-year old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital. Authorities say the car, which was carrying 12 passengers, crashed when a left rear tire tread separated on the Florida Turnpike.
Nurse charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off patient's life support without permission. Joanna Flynn, a former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, was arrested on Thursday, and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in Canada. The mother of two died at the hospital on March 2, 2014.
Police force forced to pay $500 Bitcoin ransom to hackers who encrypted vital records on their computer network. Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of Internet malware in December before demanding money to decrypt the files. The program called CryptoLocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer. It caused police systems to be down between four and five days.
Lucy Gransbury's neighbour responds to her hand-written letter complaining about his hard-partying ways. A woman's noisy neighbour has issued a withering reply to her letter, claiming only the deaf and 'those buried in the cemetery' would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home. The man's sarcastic response comes after Melbourne-based actor, Lucy Gransbury, wrote a two-page rant claiming her neighbours were keeping her awake at night.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its new Terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 Olympics. All of the blue lanes lead towards the departure area, while the red track leads travellers to arrivals.
Tiny Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins. At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold and perilously close to death.
USS Independence found 'amazingly intact' after 64 years at the bottom of the Pacific. The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible. There also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel.
Brendan Rodgers has been convicted of leaving a property to rot after he was fined for the condition of a house he rented out which was left in a state of disrepair for three years. The Anfield boss was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs, with a £40 surcharge at Blackburn magistrates' court for leaving a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden.
Samantha Cameron reveals her love of Poliça. The American band – whose name roughly translates as 'policy' in Polish – are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric' and their songs feature violent imagery. But their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life in Downing Street and the Cotswolds.
Boy, 4, gets trapped in claw game after climbing in to 'claw' machine to win a teddy. Henry Howes narrowly failed to pick up a Despicable Me toy as he played the notoriously difficult claw game at his local swimming pool in Tamworth, Staffordshire. Desperate to get to his hands on the teddy, he put his hand inside the machine's hatch - but when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside.
7 unlikely tips to make your flowers last longer. Spring is the ideal time to fill your home with gorgeous flowers. However, your beautiful bouquet might look stunning to begin with, but it will soon fade in just a few days, a week at the most. But that doesn't have to be the case, as there are simple tricks you can use to prolong the life of your blooms.
Sydney man Michael Munday goes to extreme lengths to show his ex-girlfriend that he deserves a second chance. A heartbroken Sydney man has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to the love of his life, Melissa, declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back. Yet some users were not entirely convinced by his plea for help, describing his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate'.
Married GP who fondled a vulnerable teenager's breasts has been jailed for 18 months. Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the patient during a routine examination at a Teesside medical centre in 2012.
The brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes, a study found. The implication is that the potential for committing a sex offence may be written in our genes - but while this is an interesting finding, it is unlikely to help prevent sex crimes or catch offenders. This is because the genes that make up the people who we are, and the environments in which we are raised cannot be considered independently of each other.
UkipUkip candidate Kim Rose (pictured handing out sausage rolls today) is being investigated by police over claims he tried to 'corruptly influence' voters by giving them sausage rolls. Mr Rose, 57, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous', adding that voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to 'change their mind for a sausage roll'.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West visit the site of Jesus Christ's crucifixion in Jerusalem. The reality TV star took her family to Jerusalem's Old City - the reputed location of the historical religious event - to visit Armenian church St James Cathedral in order to baptise their little girl. The family are expected to shoot some footage for their reality show in Jerusalem before moving on to Jordan.
Oldham holidaymaker walks into police station to complain about 'too hot' weather. The 44-year-old from Oldham decided had just returned from Algeria and wanted to complain to police about the temperatures he experienced during his holiday. Police tweeted the anecdote after the man tried to lodge an official complaint at the Great Manchester Police Chadderton division.
German police are investigating whether a woman sickeningly claimed to be related to a victim of last month's Germanwings air disaster - so she could get free flights to southern France. The airline's parent company Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after the March 24 crash in the French Alps which killed all 150 people on board.
Jared Quirk, 18, was in Athens with classmates from Rockland, Massachusetts, to see the ancient world - but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends, for reasons which are not yet clear. It was the third day of the trip.
Family celebrates first birthday of severely disabled baby. When Sonia Morales was pregnant, her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. But Sonia and her husband Rony, who live in Providence, Rhode Island, decided to 'keep her no matter what.'.
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even Apple's. In a leaked memo from Apple's Angela Ahrendts the retail chief wrote: 'Due to high global interest combined with our initial supply, we are only taking orders online right now [and] we expect this to continue through the month of May.'
Tory chief whip Michael Gove admits the Tories could cut child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it. Mr Gove, the former education secretary, said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce the deficit. Asked on the BBC's Newsnight if he could confirm that there would be 'no more changes to Child Benefit', he said: 'No I can't say that.'
Bosnian town claims to be world's multiple birth capital. Officials in Buzim, north west Bosnia said their home should be known as the 'Town of Twins', due to the unusually high number of multiple births. Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war.
Teen Tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater. She was in such a sorry state when RSPCA inspectors found her that she had to be put to sleep.
Private eye hospital calls for tighter regulations on laser eye surgery. Law graduate Lois Roberts said that surgery to correct her short-sightedness left her in agony. She suffered from painfully dry eyes after she had the laser treatment, which was caused by damage to the nerves that stimulate tears. And in the years after the procedure, Miss Roberts said she had to apply eye drops every day.
Mohammed Khubaib, originally from Pakistan, befriended girls and then 'hooked' them with alcohol - normally vodka - in an attempt to make them 'compliant' to sexual advances. The 43-year-old married businessman, who lived in the city with his wife and children, would pursue his interest 'away from his home and family', using his restaurant as a 'focal point'.
Porsche puts new 918 Spyder to the test in world-first stunt. Sports car icons Porsche have put their newest vehicle to test in a mesmerising stunt in the Australia Outback. The video depicts the 918 Spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the on the Stuart Highway, north of Alice Springs, on a stretch of road with no speed limit. The car was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird, who switches the vehicle into ‘Race Hybrid’ and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the
Police will begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott's body to determine how she was killed. Ms Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney, and a NSW Department of Justice spokeswoman confirmed.
Baby elephant breaks chain as it walks alongside herd of elephants. Captured at Whipsnade Zoo, the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path – five of which walk in single file. The baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd, which travel in a single file line.
Star Trek's George Takei stops sale of 450 photos and artifacts from WWII internment camps. The items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey. The collection includes 63 photos of people of Japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made.
Ancient Greek sign warning cyclists not to chain bikes to railings in Cambridge branded 'elitist'. The notice has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal Place - but the message contains grammatical errors, according to one expert. It warns that bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind a building previously used by the Greek Orthodox Church.
Spain's Queen Letizia shows off her back in backless sequinned dress. She's one of the most glamorous royals on the planet and last night was no exception for Spain's queen. The 42-year-old mother-of-two also unveiled a glamorous new bob hair cut.
Beer is booming at Aldi which increased its share of the premium ale market by a third stealing customers away from troubled giant Tesco. Aldi overtook Waitrose as Britain's sixth biggest supermarket with its performance in the first three months of 2015, increasing market share in the whole supermarket industry from 4.6 top 5.3 per cent in a year. The leader has improved its market share, but it's believed Aldi is luring shoppers away from Tesco, offering a smaller range but cheaper prices.
BobBob Schieffer announced Tuesday at the Texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer. It's not his first retirement announcement but, at age 78, looks like it has a good chance of sticking.
Professor Nancy Kanwisher shaves her head to teach about different brain regions. The clip was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website, which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain. The clip shows Nancy KanWisher, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture. A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off.
New video shows female jihadis firing machine guns and practicing drills in Syria. A chilling new jihadi video has emerged on social media, showing a new militia of female jihadi fighters in Syria. All of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to Islamic State. Standing on their parade ground, the radical women are shown shouting jihad slogans and attempting to use their AK 47 rifles.
Mary Washington student found murdered by her roommate. Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, near the college campus, about 3pm. Local reports say Mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat.
Jihadi John planned to join al-Shabaab in Somalia before going to Syria because two of his friends were killed, a source has said. Mohammed Emwazi, who is originally from London, was planning on joining the Islamist militant group in Africa but changed his mind after his friends died amid accusations they were set up by rival group members. Instead he travelled to Syria where he joined Islamic State and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online.
Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case, Fairfax Media reports. He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward.
Parents of a Vermont woman who died last year have sued Botox maker Allergan, saying off-label treatment of her spams caused by cerebral palsy with Botox contributed to her death The Fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Benjamin 'She was continually gagging and choking, unable to clear her secretions,' reads the complaint 'Her breathing was shallow and Mandy had trouble holding her head up.'
Strangers from around Minnesota flock to ten-year-old girl's birthday party. Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, had a tenth birthday party on Saturday that she'll never forget after hundreds of strangers showed up to celebrate with her. Mackenzie's parents had sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP.
French photographer Floriane de Lassee has captured the essence of what people do when they're alone, in places where they're surrounded by millions of other people. In her photography project, Inside Views, she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping.
Tory MP Richard Graham ordered to remove 'interfering' tweets. Richard Graham, who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester, faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court to take down the Twitter posts. Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January.
Dogs can detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy. The research, carried out in Milan, backs up tests carried out by the charity Medical Detection Dogs. The charity's research found a 93 per cent reliability rate when detecting both prostate and bladder cancer.
Teresa Swarbrick, known affectionately to her friends and family as Etch, died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW. The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants, mainly from other parts of Africa.More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in Durban.Immigrants have complained about a lack of protection from the authorities and some have started arming themselves to fight back.Eyewitnesses have claimed that the vigilante violence is carefully orchestrated and that minibuses have been ferrying men armed with knives and machetes around suburbs.In the past two weeks, shops and homes owned by Somalis, Ethiopians
Rumours suggest Apple is about to abandon the 6S later this year in favour of going straight for the iPhone 7. This difference may seem slight, but it suggests the next model of iPhone could be substantial improvement on iPhone 6 range, and rumours have hinted towards new features.
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013. The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, Katelyn Roman, then 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13.
How to tell if a dinosaur is a male or a female. A pair of turkey-sized 'egg thief lizards' dubbed Romeo and Juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s, but it has taken until now for experts to determine the sex of the 'lovers'. Now, researchers believe they have come up with a way to tell fossils of small feathered male dinosaurs from those of females.
ISIS beheads three men accused of being agents of the Syrian government in shocking new video. The barbaric footage, released earlier today, shows the men kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria, as a militant brandishing a sharpened sword stands behind them. It comes just one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 Ethiopian Christians in Libya. The men - wearing orange Guantanamo-style jumpsuits with their hands and feet in chains - sitting in a dirty, underground room. After giving information about each of the prisoners in Arabic, the men
Britain's Got Talent's Miss Wendy's false mouth trick may not have been all it seemed. After Saturday's episode of the show, broadcasting regulator Ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog, while ITV received a further 35. The RSPCA yesterday said it would be contacting Britain’s Got Talent to ascertain what methods were used in the performance.
Gay student to skip senior prom because school principal won't let her wear a tuxedo. Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends, but now she and her friends are staying away. A gay student in Louisiana says she is going to skip her senior prom.
Scot Young's ex-fiancee Noelle Reno breaks silence on his death. Socialite, reality TV star and former fiancee of businessman Scot Young, has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death. She confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in Marylebone on to the railings below.
Kicking, punching and moving around during sleep might be an early sign of Parkinson's disease, a new review suggests. People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams. Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition, a study found. It is caused by the breakdown of certain proteins in the brain cells that produce dopamine, a chemical that produces pleasurable feelings in response to rewarding activities.
Couple die in apparent murder suicide after violent confrontation turns deadly. Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman. Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 Madra Street when the argument escalated.
Armed robbers use sledgehammer and axe to break into jewellery shop in Wigan. The attempted break-in took place in Pemberton, a suburb of Wigan in Greater Manchester, on Saturday afternoon. One of the raiders used an axe to smash security glass at Uncle Jewellers and Pawn Brokers.
Naypyidaw, Myanmar's newly-built capital city, is shrouded in secrecy. It first became the capital of Myanmar a decade ago, after the government decided to move the capital from Yangon (also known as Rangoon) with minimal explanation. Since then, although developed to be the size of 120 Manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents, it remains a relative ghost town. The streets are barren, with just a handful of individuals spotted walking or cycling through the secluded capital at any given point during the day.
Sidonie, a well known band from Catalonia, created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain. In the video, the band's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers on board - despite Ryanair's scathing review of the sarcastic ditty. Although sung in their native tongue, the lyrics read: 'Ryanair, how we like Ryanair, and its flight attendants, they could not be nicer'.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash. The court heard how the first victim, a man aged 81, was targeted at about midday on February 25 this year when he was walking back to his sheltered accommodation.
How to make the most of your figure. From Victoria Beckham to the Duchess of Cambridge, our favourite celebrities always dress to impress.
Fire at Warwick Castle leaves thatched boathouse engulfed in flames. Hundreds of tourists had to be evacuated from Warwick Castle after a flaming cannonball set alight to a medieval thatched building during a display. Holidaymakers, many with young children enjoying the last day of the Easter break, had gathered to watch the cannonball be fired from the wooden trebuchet – the largest working siege machine in the world. However, the big display ended in catastrophe when sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathhouse, causing it to erupt into flames.
Air Malta passenger jet flies in the shape of two giant hearts to celebrate the wedding of two of its crew. The Air Malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island's international airport as it embarked on the unusual flight. The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta, with final section skirting the Italian coast.
Pit crew worker tossed into the air like a rag doll as he's hit by an out-of-control racing car. This is the stomach-churning moment a pit crew worker is tossed into the air like a rag doll as he's hit by an out-of control racing car. Surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana.
How to deal with a sting as changed in recent years, with the long-adopted method of pouring vinegar over stings now considered a big no-no. The theory that covering the affected area with urine has also been debunked, with NHS now recommending the best product to use now is shaving cream.
China's last emperor who was pushed off the throne more than 100 years ago dies aged 96. Puren was the youngest brother of the final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912. He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Prince George went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was 'in China'. Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London, the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to William in 2011. At the party in March, where Kate, 33, wowed in a floral Erdem dress and navy Alexander McQueen court shoes, the Duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent Claudia Gordon.
Boston heart surgeon shot dead by his patient's son gives birth to his fourth child. Mikaela Jane Davidson was welcomed into the world April 4, less than three months after her father, Dr. Michael Davidson, was shot dead at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston by a deceased patient’s son. Dr Davidson, 44, from Wellesley, Massachusetts, was killed by Stephen Pasceri, 55, on the morning of January 20 and passed away late that evening.
British fighter Hamza Parvez, 22, still hasn't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters Known as Abu Hamza al-Britani, the loveless British Pakistani fighter recently moved back to the Islamic State de-facto capital city of Raqqa in Syria, in search of love He is now living in a house with English speaking fighters, originally as far as Belgium, Finland and Australia One of Parvez's best friends, a Belgian fighter known as Abu Mariya al-Belgiki, recently wrote: 'Urgh another brother got married... The pain...
Thousands of people in China marked the annual 'Tomb Sweeping Festival' this weekend by travelling home to their ancestral villages. Families across the country descended on graveyards.
Labour frontbencher Owen Smith says party cannot get rid of Trident. Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said at a hustings event on Wednesday: ‘We view the world as being a very dangerous and volatile place at the moment.’.
Ed Ed Miliband's poll ratings remain dire. Labour has moved two points clear of the Tories – despite just one in three voters thinking Ed Miliband is 'capable'.
HBO launches HBO NOW on Apple TV. HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12. The service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will includes all past, present and future HBO programming.
Bob Bob Marley museum in Jamaica. The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades, Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening and was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller, U.S. Ambassador to Jamaica Luis Moreno and a dozen other dignitaries.
Chrissy Teigen proudly showed off her stretch marks in an Instagram post that has been praised by her fans. And the singer Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a recent charity event alongside her husband Carey Hart.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country, transporting the detainees in secret via a supply ship currently on stand-by off the coast of Vietnam. The HMAS Choules, which has previously been used to provide offshore accommodation to Manus Island detainees, has been employed by the navy to hand the Vietnamese nationals back to their Communist government in an operation which could cost $2.8 million of tax payers money.
Police are considering manslaughter charges after a man who was violently shaken as a baby died as a result - two decades later. Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old.
Bob McDonnell's final written plea to federal appeals court. Disgraced former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell made his final plea to the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals Wednesday, arguing that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme. The onetime rising Republican star made the argument.
Anti-Islam protesters clash with anti-racism activists in Melbourne. Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne, after clashes turned ugly and several people had to be treated by paramedics. The protests came as the Pauline Hanson, leader of One Nation, far right Australian political party, defended the anti-Islam protests and said imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong. Many were draped in the Australian flag and carried signs denouncing sharia law.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk. The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch.
Queen’s staff will take industrial action for the first time in history over their ‘ridiculously low’ wages. Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties, including giving guided tours to visitors.
Police arrest 53 people as pro-cannabis protestors gather in Hyde Park. Dramatic images captured the moment four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near the entrance to the park - just yards from a prominent police sign which read: 'Possession of cannabis is illegal'. The crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws.
Britain's aid budget is now nearly double France's and ten times the level in Spain. Britain bucked the trend of Western nations by increasing spending on foreign aid last year while others imposed savage cuts. More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014, a report found. Britain's failure to follow suit means that its overseas aid spending of 0.7 per cent of national income is double the average level of the other nations in the group known as the Development Assistance Committee.
Ralph Lauren's daughter Dylan and her husband Paul Arrouet welcome fraternal twins. The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate, with Dylan and Paul, 44, confirming to People on Wednesday afternoon that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins'. A spokesperson for the couple added to the outlet that 'her parents, fashion icons Ralph and Ricky Lauren, are overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren and witness their daughter usher in the next generation.
Tanguy Pepiot's victory turned to ashes in his hands after he slowed down to celebrate his win and got overtaken by Meron Simon. This is the moment a college athlete's victory turns to ashes after he slows down to win the steeplechase and gets overtaken. The crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go. The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed ahead.
Almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in the Mediterranean over the weekend, as traffickers took advantage of clement weather and calmer seas to dispatch dozens of boats. Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel, most of them on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels.
CoCoachella fans who attend the California-based music festival typically go for good music and a good time — but they may end up bringing home something much worse than a hangover and some sunburn. Cosmopolitan.com reports that Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked, but might not be frequently cleaned.
Google Wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users' funds as they will now be federally-insured. This is good news for people who place large amounts of money in their Wallet Balance because the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $250,000.
Foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1% of the black population in 1980, but they accounted for 8.7% of that group in 2013, according to a report from the Pew Research Center. The number of immigrants from Africa and the Caribbean has been increasing in recent years and they now account for almost ten per cent of the overall black population.
Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood and the Prison of Belief is unlikely to be aired in the UK because of fears that the broadcaster could be exposed to libel claims. The Alex Gibney-directed film, which alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters, was due to premiere in the US earlier this month to coincide with its American release. But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely, according to the Observer.
Celebrity residents and good commuter links to the City have made Esher in Surrey the country’s number one income tax hotspot, research shows. Those living in the Esher and Walton parliamentary constituency – home to Gary Lineker, Frank Lampard, Mick Hucknall and Chris Tarrant – have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year.
Iraqi forensic teams dig up mass graves believed to be the final resting place of 1,700 soldiers killed in cold blood by ISIS last summer. The teams began the gruesome task of uncovering the bodies of the young army recruits of Camp Speicher, slaughtered by the Sunni ISIS militants as they surged across northern Iraq for the 'crime' of being Shi'ite. The deaths showed Iraqis that Islamic State fighters, who have also attacked ethnic and religious minorities as well as fellow Sunni Muslims opposing them, were a threatening new kind of foe.
Teenager with deadly brain tumour raises $80,000 to fund life-saving surgery. A teenager with a deadly brain tumor has raised the majority of $80k needed to fund his life saving surgery. With less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on, 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes from Northern New South Wales has accumulated close to the target on his GoFundMe page. Three weeks ago Mr Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on.
British-born businessman Afzal Khan on FBI's Most Wanted list. Federal agents hunting the 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest. Flamboyant Khan, known to his clients as 'Bobby', opened the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013.
81-year-old man allegedly stabs to death granddaughter's ex-boyfriend. Nicolas Diaz reportedly intervened after his granddaughter, Amber Diaz, and her former partner, Kevin Rivera, 21, got into a dispute at their home in Brooklyn, New York, in the early hours of Sunday. The recently separated couple, who have a baby daughter, Aeralye, together, had just returned to the apartment after celebrating the infant's first birthday.
Six-year-old girl sexually assaulted by boy of the same age in school playground. A girl has been sexually assaulted in the classroom and playground of her school. But officers are powerless to act because the age of criminal responsibility in England is ten, so charges cannot be brought against the boy.
European Court of Human Rights rules Russia did not breach father's right to a family life when he was deported in 2011. Robert Muradeli had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations. But the Strasbourg court said that the Russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him in 2011. He went to live there more than 20 years ago and has a Russian wife and son.
Search continues for couple missing in remote WA bushland. The search for a couple, who disappeared in remote bushland in Western Australia 13 days ago, has continued with police searching disused mine shafts up to 20 metres deep. Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith KeHlet, 47, were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone, some 730km north east of Perth.
Chart Chartered surveyor Timothy Norris-Jones, 59, of Haddenham, Buckinghamshire, left his 92-year-old mother with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches, a court heard. He was arrested after the victim's carer returned home and called the police.
Ra Raheem Sterling filmed apparently inhaling legal high 'hippy crack'. Footage emerged today which appears to show the Liverpool and England winger breathing in the gas nitrous oxide before passing out as giggling friends look on.
Levar Jones: Black man who was shot in the stomach by a police officer says 'Why did you shoot me sir?'. A black man has come out in support of police body cameras after he was gunned down by a white officer during a traffic stop and writhed in agony on the ground saying: 'Why was I shot?.
Grand Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from her local Sainsbury's store in Coventry when she threw the used cigarette on the ground - before two council officers came ‘sprinting’ towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence. Miss Copeland was then issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in October last year, but refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo issues state health alert after 160 people hospitalized in nine days after using synthetic marijuana. The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri. It has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill.
How to make children love eating vegetables. A recent survey has revealed that more than half of UK children don't have any veg.
Alison Saunders faces growing calls to stand down over Lord Janner case. The furious backlash against the UK’s top prosecutor intensified last night over her decision to spare the 86-year-old Labour life peer from the dock. Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring the rights of victims and failing to clear the stench of an Establishment cover-up.
Google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for. And sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable.
Sajid Javid pledges to block hardcore porn websites. A radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze will be introduced if the Conservatives win the election. He promised legislation to force distributors to put age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the UK as well as abroad.
Russell Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft' as he urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives. While the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java, Brand posted that the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad.
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge. Girl power was the definite winner at yesterday's historic Boat Race as women rowed on the same course and same day as the men for the first time. The women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley, but after years of campaigning for equal billing, they were finally given equality with the men.
Oklahoma mother charged with child neglect after her three-month-old daughter is found dead with roach bites on her legs and head. Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, appeared in Washington County District Court via video monitor from jail on Monday. Police were called to Bell's home on January 8 after she reported the death of the infant.
We get on better with each other over a meal, according to researchers who said it makes everyone from work colleagues to children seem more pleasant. Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else.
Nick Clegg ally Danny Alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his Treasury post in a second Coalition. The high-flyer and close ally of Mr Clegg, who has won praise as George Osborne’s second-in-command, is on course to lose his seat to the Scottish nationalists. He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge which is set to take the seats of many of Scotland 40 Labour and 11 Lib Dem MPs on May 7. But one plan said to be under consideration by the party, is to keep the 42-year-
Ten deputies placed on leave after shocking video shows them punching and kicking alleged horse thief Francis Pusok for two minutes. In the video, captured by an NBC helicopter, Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing after being pursued several miles by the San Bernardino County officers. Seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with their Tasers.
Churchill Downs bans selfie sticks at Kentucky Derby. Joining a growing list of museums, music festivals and sports venues around the world, the iconic Louisville track hosting the 141st running of the Kentucky Derby on May 2 has banned the pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones and allow people a longer reach to snap their self-portraits. Selfie sticks' increasing popularity has left cultural institutions and sporting events with decisions about balancing patrons desire to photograph themselves with safety concerns.
Artist Catalina Viejo paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms, including Kim Kardashian's, from candid paparazzi shots. In total, Catalina has completed 42 miniature works, which cost up to $90 (£60) each.
Robert De Niro says Hillary Clinton should be president. The Hollywood legend, 71, who has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party, said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises'..
Fake Viagra gang jailed after raking in £10m. A counterfeit drug gang has been jailed after selling fake Viagra while pretending to be a fishing tackle business. The UK-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world.
Romanian politician Elena Udrea charged with taking £1.3m in bribes and abusing her power as tourism minister. A glamorous Romanian politician who finished fourth in the country's presidential election has been charged with accepting bribes. She was indicted along with seven other people, including former economy minister Ion Ariton, who was charged with abuse of power. Prosecutors in Bucharest revealed details of the investigation.
Beauty game-changers: Radiance pads that remove eyeliner and mascara. Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice, these new pads are beauty game changers, offering all the benefits of a professional facial in a simple at-home swipe. With the expertise of top Harley Street dermatologist Dr Nick Lowe, Lauren Libbert puts some of these latest new-generation wipes to the test.
Father-of-six Abdul Hadi Arwani killed by hitman who climbed into his car. The Syrian-born 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in London on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work. But when the imam arrived, the killer got into the rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat and shot him several times.
ESPN reporter suspended for one week after video of her berating tow truck employee surfaces. Britt McHenry, a Washington D.C.-based sports reporter for ESPN, has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant she unleashed on a hapless tow truck company employee surfaced online this week. The 28-year-old, who hails from New Jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia.
Secret police were sent to Wales to protect Prince Charles from terror attack. The eyes of the nation were on the heir to the throne for the historic event on July 1, 1969, but behind the scenes, Prime Minister Harold Wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles – then 20 – at the Caernarfon Castle ceremony. The targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales (MAC) and the Free Wales Army (FWA).
A swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in Aberdeen last night. A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy. It is not known if it was done by the same people.
Alabama burglary suspect escapes in police car despite being handcuffed. Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday. On searching the property police found the 28-year-old suspect inside.
Rare radioactive element lawrencium may have properties similar to sodium and potassium. It has been a key part school chemistry lessons for more than a century, but now the periodic table may need to be redrawn after scientists found a rare element may be very different from originally thought. Lawrencium, which was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence, is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time. This has made the element, which can only be generated in particle accelerators, extremely difficult to study.
Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk including orangutans and critically endangered Sumatran tigers and rhinos. Madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while Mexico sits in third with 101 The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder after running down 24-year-old Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence and her uncle in her 2004 white Dodge Durango. WPVI reports that Coleman had shown up on Spence's block in the Nicetown neighborhood of Philadelphia, before Spence went out to confront her.
From 'here's you a piece of pizza' to 'this glass needs washed', every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world. In New York, for instance, there's a tendency to use the word'so' for drama, such as 'I'm so totally over this.' Some people in San Jose think nothing of saying 'didn't nobody help him', while Florida residents can be heard using the phrase, 'I ain't never had no trouble with none of 'em.'
Ryan Skivington, 26, of Staining near Blackpool, took the pets, called Ant and Dec, out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother. The 26-year-old lightweight, who appeared at Blackpool Magistrates Court, today admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs. He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home in Blackpool during the attack on February 12 this year.
Saudi Arabian man arrested at Mexican border to avoid facing rape charges in Utah. Monsour Alshammari, 27, was arrested on Friday at the border near San Diego. He is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February.
Mother whose baby nearly died after he was born severely premature has urged other women to be aware of the infection that triggered her early labour. Amanda Butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks. Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin.
Bad taste bags: The worst offenders in the luggage department. As every celebrity and fashionista knows, no look is complete without a statement bag. But for many stars, such as Madonna who's been showing off her mock croc 'dealer' purse, that statement is becoming increasingly controversial, with clutches and handbags emblazoned with unsavoury slogans and pictures.
Rupert Brooke's death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to Gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice. Yet, as The Second I Saw You richly confirms, he was a lot more interesting than that.
Nasa map reveals where lightning occurs most on Earth. The map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013. And the results show that the highest amounts of lightning occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela.
Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein sell family home in Brisbane's east for $1.14m. The tropical Queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago, when they snagged the Norman Crescent property for $384,000 in December 1994. The two-storey property is a striking Queenslander, aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling. Downstairs is a sprawling rumpus room; a perfect retreat to fill with couches, toys and allow for fun, messy,
Sarah Hulbert, of Auburn, wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston and was fired for having 'no pizzazz.' The Sun Journal reports that the 59-year-old Hulbert worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012.
Mail on Sunday wins Sunday Newspaper of the Year for a third year in a row. The Mail has set a remarkable new record – after being voted Sunday newspaper of the year in succession. A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper. Judges gave the award to The Mail ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent.
Ukip candidate accused of bribing voters with sausage rolls will face no further action. Kim Rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters in Southampton by putting on a spread at a party event, which included the pastry snacks and sandwiches. Although he was never arrested or charged, Mr Rose was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of 'treating'.
Police in Maryland are hunting for a 'heartless' thief who stole a four-year-old boy's wheelchair in the middle of the night. Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot.
Cathleen Hackney, 56, stopped ex-husband from attending son's funeral by lying and arranging it in secret. Cathleen Hackney allegedly told two different funeral directors that there were no objections, including from her former spouse, to her son being cremated after his death. As a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of Paul Moreland in December 2010.
Trinity Culley, from Fingringhoe, Essex, used the knowledge she gained from watching the baby-birthing programme which she secretly viewed in her bedroom after her mother told her it was too graphic. When her mother Dee Culley's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule, she sprang into action.
Providenciales has a reputation as one of the best beach destinations on the planet, and is adding to its trophy haul after claiming the top gong in TripAdvisor's annual ranking. The Caribbean island, north-east of Cuba, was tops in the website’s Travellers’ Choice Awards for 2015, edging Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras.
Khloe Kardashian reveals how she's lost 13 pounds in three months. With her contoured skin, glossy hair and high fashion wardrobe, Kim is undeniably the breakout star of the Kardashians. But while Kim has been busy hogging the headlines, her younger sister Khloe has been quietly revamping her look.
Ceres Ceres may appear to be a drab, grey world, but new infrared images suggest there is more to the dwarf planet than first thought. The latest images are the closest taken yet, and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active.
Utah teen so allergic to water that even sweating can cause deadly burning rash. Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria, which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world. Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.
Blindfolded and handcuffed on a barren hilltop, this is the moment three Afghan prisoners accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of merciless Taliban fighters. Flanked by gun-wielding fighters, the unidentified prisoners were pushed onto the beige landscape, where they were forced to sit on the ground with their hands clasped behind their backs. Using AK-47s, the insurgents then loomed over the three men, before firing successive shots into the back of the prisoners' heads at point-blank range.
Midas recruitment ducks follow staff back to their office after helping them cross busy road. Employees at the recruitment company had spotted the mother and ten ducklings trying to cross the busy high street in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, and dashed to help them across. But they didn't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office and staying for the morning, wondering the corridors and drinking from water bowls. A family of ducks waddled into an office in the West Midlands and made themselves at home after staff helped them across a busy road.
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more the alligators - some which measure up to ten feet in length - at the Colorado Gator Farm. Crematory manager Mr McDonald, who volunteers at the farm, has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes, said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures.
Thousands of chickens and other poultry have been culled following the outbreak of a highly contagious strain of bird flu in India. Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana after cases of the H5N1 virus were identified, which can be deadly in humans.
Tony Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent, who were married for more than three decades, were dubbed 'Mr and Mrs Music' after composing for artists including Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Scott Walker, Shirley Bassey and Petula Clark. Together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars and created the memorable theme tune of Australian television soap Neighbours.
Farryn Johnson fired from Hooters over blonde hair. An African-American woman fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013 sued the 'breastaurant' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling. Plaintiff Farryn Johnson has said the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights.
The first ever photograph of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey, which was thought to have been extinct. The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps. The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area. Officially named Macaca leucogenys, it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
Human Human embryos have been genetically modified so that any changes made will be carried on into future generations for the first time, according to scientists. Researchers around the world are bracing themselves for the results of a study by scientists in China that has introduced DNA changes to reproductive cells.
London's Underground platforms could soon be drowned in the sound of commuters chatting on their phones. Commuters are now able to make phone calls and send texts on the Tube following the launch of new technology enabling phone calls via an internet connection. In what is the first roll out of the technology throughout Europe, the Wi-Fi Calling feature is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal.
Boston Marathon bombing victims Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes call for Dzhokar Tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death. The couple's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast. They say sentencing Tsarnaev to death will only bring continued pain for themselves and the other hundreds of bombing victims.
Man who impersonated a police officer to track down wife and child at women's refuge avoids jail. Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force, but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence. The incident occurred when the Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, was shot by a coworker during a firearms training exercise at the Lowell Correctional Institution in Ocala, Florida. Forsyth was wearing a bulletproof vest during the training exercise Monday, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest.
Avril Lavigne reveals she had a hard time getting diagnosed for Lyme disease. In the summer of 2014 she started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath, but didn't know what was plaguing her. So Avril started visiting specialists, but no one could help her out.
Parisian hotel Maison Souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in the entire City of Lights. The newly-opened Parisian property may be difficult to find, tucked away behind an unmarked facade, and signalled only by two red lanterns and a matching awning, but it's worth the hunt. Scroll down for video It's the most romantic hotel in Paris, and it's just a stone's throw from the Moulin Rouge. The hotel is situated in the once tawdy, but now trendy Pigalle district.
Aldi overtakes Waitrose to become sixth biggest supermarket in Britain. Discount store Aldi’s astonishing success story continued yesterday as it overtook upmarket rival Waitrose. The German discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession as cash-strapped families look for cheaper alternatives.
ChrissyTeigen posted a picture of her legs to Instagram. The 29-year-old Sports Illustrated star is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session.
Health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21 to tackle binge drinking. The proposal has been put forward by experts at NHS Health Scotland, the Scottish Government’s health promotions agency, which says more action is needed to tackle the ‘continuing problem’ of ‘hazardous alcohol consumption in young people’.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding, as well as a £5,000 honeymoon in the Seychelles. She was arrested at Heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon - but now she has been spared jail even though a court heard she had been convicted of fraud twice previously.
Darwin woman Natalia Moon becomes a TV sensation in the Philippines. The 23-year-old, who promotes herself as 'the Barbie from Down Under', landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family'. The much-loved show has also received a nomination for best comedy.
Princess Eugenie looks every inch the hipster as she steps out in New York. The British royal, 25, looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie, which she pulled over her short, dark tresses. She showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress.
Students, parents and staff at a Melbourne high school are horrified after the discovery students have been drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year. In a letter sent to all parents during the school holidays, the principal of St Peter's College in Cranbourne East, Tim Hogan admitted that ‘Class A’ recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at Valdosta State University, Georgia, and driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the Stars and Stripes and refusing to return it to the student demonstrators. Video footage of the event, on Friday, shows Manhart struggling with officers, who force her to the ground after she refuses to let the flag go.
Scientology-backed drug rehab group fights to turn Camp David site into a rehab center. Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon have argued that Trout Run, a property in Frederick County, Maryland, has historic significance because President Herbert Hoover once caught a fish at the site. Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program.
Fantasy Café is located in downtown Hangzhou, the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province. By charging a one yuan (11p) 'air-purifying fee' per person, the café hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue facing China.
Nick Clegg unveils Lib Dem plans to balance the books. The Lib Dem leader promised to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction, with cuts to welfare and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the very wealthy. Car tax would rise by £25-a-year.
Former SNP aide Marc Macrae claims party treated him 'worse than a terrorist' after cancer diagnosis. A former SNP aide claimed the party treated his cancer diagnosis and has urged Scots to vote Tory after he was ostracised by colleagues who accused him of a lack of commitment to the cause. Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi – who killed 270 people in December 1988 by blowing up Pan Am Flight 103 – Marc was diagnosed with prostate cancer. He has undergone two operations and has not worked since being parliamentary assistant to Environment Minister Richard Lochhead.
BenefitsStreet. Residents living near the new setting for Benefits Street have been left outraged by housing bosses who they say have given it a makeover to impress new visitors.
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure. Kirkland, who founded the home decor store that bears his last name, donated the money to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee.
Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl and then encouraged the fight. Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones. She was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses.
Daring daredevil bikers leap over huge jagged rocks metres above crashing waves. The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset, on Sunday by photographer Jack Davies. The group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19.
How to Be a Young Billionaire follows three young British adults as they attempt to make a success out of their apps in San Francisco. Forget the X Factor and Britain's Got Talent, today's bright young things want to make their name in the world of technology. But for entrepreneurs like Robyn Exton, who has launched a dating app for lesbians, making money means abandoning life in the UK to travel to San Francisco to look for investment.
Four under-age fraternity members busted for towing nearly 2,000 cans of beer and ten litres of spirits to Gulf Shores for spring break. Harrison Coogan, and Hunter Coker, both 18, and 19-year-olds Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber, told sheriff's deputies they were heading to spring break celebrations in Gulf shores. The Louisiana State University students were found with nearly two-thousand beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine on the I-10 in Mobile County. Four underage fraternity members were busted by police on an Alabama interstate with a trailer-load of alcohol
High school student and her best friend, who has Down syndrome, make a bold statement with their prom photo. Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and on their big night, the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes.'.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was leaving a Brisbane's City Watch House after fronting the court for failing to appear on April 7. The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him.
Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State (IS). The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio while tributes to the young man flooded social media.
Mother-of-two Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour. She had worked for seven years at the BBC’s financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager, but according to her husband Paul, she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders which he says cost licence-fee payers about £150,000.
Innocent man who spent 30 years on death row for murder he didn't commit meets prosecutor who put him there. Glenn Ford, who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year, was too weak to stand when Marty Stroud walked into his Louisiana home last week but shook his hand. 'I want you to know that I am very sorry,' Stroud said during the somber meeting.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were soon flooded by social media users who shared images of their yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow. 'A little touch of yellow today in memory of Stephanie Scott... my heart breaks for her fiancé and family. And if you can, spread the word... It's the very least this beautiful, committed young teacher deserved,' one Instagram user wrote.
Iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit TV series or Hollywood blockbusters. Despite the fact that Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920, well-known fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation as of late, prompting the quick development of 17 production services companies nationwide.Although the country's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen, there are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above and are drawing fans of productions such as Game of Thrones, Interstellar or Prometheus.
Labour candidate Tulip Siddiq accused of failing to tell voters she met Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Tulip (pictured) Siddiq, a former aide to Ed Miliband, and who is standing for Labour in Hampstead, was at the Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses. A smiling Ms Siddiq was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
Missing chef Claudia Lawrence: Pub landlord released from bail. Pub landlord Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. North Yorkshire Police said the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions.
BBC Trust chairman Rona Fairhead is facing calls to step down immediately as a director of HSBC over her links to the bank's tax scandal. Mrs Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year, but yesterday it emerged that two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her.
Julian Assange puts Sony Pictures emails into searchable archive. Whistleblower Julian Asssange has added insult to injury for Sony Pictures after his website Wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year's cyberattack into a searchable online archive. They expose not just the unguarded opinions of Sony executives, but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents.
Billionaire Paul Allen has created a new company that will launch satellites and people into space from the world's biggest plane. The Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace', which will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems.
Comics at the BBC must go through a lengthy process to get jokes on air because the Corporation is extra-wary about causing offence, an editor at the company has claimed. Chris Sussman, executive editor for comedy, revealed particular jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved.
Meat trader Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled first class around the world with his girlfriend Gaynor Godwin and bought a holiday home on the Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money. The pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010, including a trip to Dubai, United Arab Emirates, in 2009 worth £7,600.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with messages over the internet, including threatening to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page. The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell' when he sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter. 'It got so bad I considered suicide,' the mother said.
Daisy is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in her new beauty shoot for Rodial. Wearing a leather jacket and skinny black jeans, Daisy smoulders in the new shoot to promote the beauty house's contouring range.
'horrific' conditions inside Gold Coast caravan park. The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people, and has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence.
Eight coffins lined the stage of a Maryland auditorium for a family that died from carbon monoxide poisoning in their home earlier this month. The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home. Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November.
Princess Beatrice at Bahrain Grand Prix. After 11 holidays in under six months, you might have thought Beatrice would be ready to put the brakes on her globetrotting. But yesterday the underemployed 26-year-old was spotted enjoying the high life in an overseas location yet again.
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences. The Coventry-based company Fanuc's robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator. This removes safety fences - a previous requirement for all industrial robots - and is said to increase efficiency and enable a higher level of automation, the firm claims. The robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines
Kelly Osbourne didn't always want to grow up to be like her famous mom - but in a letter published in the new book A Letter to My Mom, the TV personality admitted that she is now proud to be Sharon Osbourne's daughter. For author Lisa Erspamer's third collection of tributes, celebrities such as Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, Christy Turlington Burns, and Kristin Chenoweth all composed messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them.
Judge Craig Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive.' Storey was a judge for Weber County Justice Court from 1984 until 2010, when a new Ogden Justice Court opened and took over the county's caseload.
Nurse Victorino Chua penned what he called a 'bitter nurse confession' in which he spelled out 'how an angel can turn to an evil person'. In 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten English, the Filipino nurse said he might 'explode' at any time, adding: 'If I will be pushed, they gonna be sorry.'
Brazilian model Indianara Carvalho, 23, has sparked outrage by posting a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the Virgin Mary to her Instagram account, along with a special Easter prayer. Indianara - who had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with'someone special' - accompanied the racy photo with the phrase: 'Good Friday.
Lee Lee Thompson's seen plenty in his 14 years as an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in Libya, the revolution in Egypt, the tsunami in Japan and other extensive travels before he co-founded The Flash Pack, a small group flashpacking tour company. But even he repeatedly marvels at what the men and women of southeast Asia can balance and transport on just a scooter or a beaten up old motorcycle, and on one of his company's Vietnam & Cambodia tours with a group of nine this month he was compelled to capture some of the finest.
Claudia Claudia Martins, 33, wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a'momentary abnormality of mental functioning' which she no longer suffered from. Before she left her sister's home in Knowle, Bristol, on September 12 last year, she was seen rearranging items in a suitcase and placed items on top.
Gloria Ross, 84, who spent 30 years in the National Health Service as a nurse, was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson Wayne Wilkins, 25. But when he asked nurses at Whipps Cross Hospital, North East London, for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired' – and told him the senior nurse was 'on a break'.
$20 million lottery win leaves man with 'butterflies in his stomach'. The winning punter, who comes from Mittagong in southern New South Wales, discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening. The man, who chose not to be named, said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win.
Police say Earl Arthur Olander who lived alone in a home in rural Minnesota, was discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked. They have now offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest, while neighbors have spoken of him as a'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model. Earl Olander was found beaten to death in his own home.
Afghan woman who was forced to marry her rapist and have his baby has revealed how she gave up all of her hopes and dreams to 'buy' her daughter's future. Known only by the name Gulnaz, the Kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker Asadullah - who is also married to her cousin.
Teenage vandals go on rampage through car dealership in Dearborn Heights, Michigan. The violent thugs were caught on camera as they roamed through the parked vehicles kicking off wing mirrors, destroying headlights and smashing windscreens with a large cinder block. Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work at the La Marina Auto Sales, after the Easter break. Three teenage vandals went on a rampage through a car dealership causing thousands of dollars worth of damage.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College. He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked' because it did not recognise the scope and scale of the problem. She made the announcement on the day a study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter.
Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to Melbourne. DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt, which saw 30 low-ranking employees told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs by moving to Melbourne.
The world's biggest rabbit on earth: Meet Darius, the king of the Continental Giant breed. Five-year-old Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st. He is the size of an average eight year-old child. Slightly wary, I join him on the floor of his owner's home in the Worcestershire village of Stoulton and find he is a thoroughly gentle soul. He sits quietly, as I stroke his ultra-soft, grey fur, and examine his outsized ears and paws.
Louisiana sheriff's deputy shot three times in road rage incident. St. Charles Parish Sheriff Greg Champagne says Cpl. Burt Hazeltine was directing school buses on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, just west of New Orleans.
Mother who sheltered killers of innocent nursery teacher Sabrina Moss spared jail. Fiona Cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain as he and fellow murderer Yassin James, 20, were hunted by police for gunning down Ms Moss in the street on a night out to celebrate her 24th birthday. Cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested in 2013 over the murder.
Megan Huntsman, 40, is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns, then stashing their bodies in the garage of her home in Pleasant Grove, Utah. The crimes were uncovered by Huntsman's husband Darren West - now estranged - who called police when he found the first body.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, honored in a special tribute before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health. Zeus, a German Shepherd, took his last ride in a cop patrol car during the grand procession held earlier this week. The tribute for the police dog began around 4.45pm and ended at the Ridgefield Veterinary Hospital.
Prince Charles pays tribute to '100-year-old teenager' Hayley Okines. Prince Charles has led tributes to the girl dubbed the '100 year old teenager' as hundreds of mourners gathered for her funeral.
The wackiest face treatment to hit the beauty scene: the tuning fork facial. Offered at the upmarket Hale Clinic in London and other clinics nationwide, the scary sounding tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate. When they are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck, the jowls, forehead and around the eyes - vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles, lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen. The results mean that your face looks younger, brighter and more toned. Some say it's the non-jab
Ed Balls refuses to match Tories' £8bn NHS spending pledge. Ed Balls this morning repeatedly refused to match the Tories' election pledge to increase NHS spending by £8billion a year. The shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' after promising to cut the deficit every year.
Two passenger planes land at the same time at San Francisco International Airport. It's a skill more often seen performed by US Navy squadron the Blue Angels or the British Red Arrows. But in this incredible video, one passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync.
BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the World Service claiming the Star Wars films are anti-women, anti-gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music. Godfrey Elfwick was recruited via Twitter to appear on the programme World Have Your Say, where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise.
German Annegret Raunigk, a primary school teacher from Berlin, will create medical history when she becomes the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world. The 65-year-old, who is due to retire this year, said she decided to have the babies as she was ‘still quite fit’ and capable of looking after them.
Pest control company Mortein copped a spray after making the 'tasteless decision' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher Stephanie Scott. A company has copped an 'insensitive' spray after it linked its mascot, Louie the Fly, with the tragic death of a school teacher. Pest Control company MortEin posted a picture to the account of its mascot Louie, along with '#putyourdressout', which was a widely shared hashtag in support of Ms Scott.
Man who lost his iPhone in New York City finds it on the other side of the world. Matt Stopera misplaced his cellphone and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream. He asked himself, 'Who is this man, and why are his pictures showing up in my phone?'.
A stunning fireball that crackled across the sky near the Russian-Finnish border last year shared its orbit with a huge asteroid found in October. This is according to a new study which claims the Kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 UR116, which is due to pass by the moon in 2017. Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments.
Smart Boy case lets gamers play Game Boy games on iPhone. More than 600 million smartphone and tablet owners use their devices to play games. So developers in Los Angeles have designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons, from the Nintendo Game Boy to an iPhone.
Teen Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. Three years after his emotional plea at St Mark Missionary Baptist Church in St Petersburg he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker.
1-year-old girl shot in the head in drive-by shooting outside Seattle dies. Malijah Grant was shot Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent, Washington. Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside and opened fire before driving off.
Woman who threatened to jump to her death off Brooklyn bridge rescued by NYPD. The unidentified woman from Greenpoint, Brooklyn, was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage. She walked to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side shortly before noon on Monday, climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet.
Nick Clegg vows to seize control of schools in coalition deal to erase Gove's 'zany' ideas from the classroom. The Liberal Democrats could seize control of the nation's schools in a coalition deal to erase Michael Gove’s ‘zany’ ideas from the classroom. The Deputy PM said control of the Department for Education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal. Mr Clegg repeatedly clashed with Mr Gove over his education reforms.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing, and told his girlfriend, Jessica Sexton, he was not feeling well. By the time Sexton got up at 7.30am, the man was gone.
Beyoncé shares her name with Jay-Z's wife. Gone are the days when Eileen Dover was considered an unfortunate name, with celebrity culture booming like never before, sharing a name with a star can be pretty unlucky, too. Something that New York resident Beyoncé knows about all too well.
Yaakov Naumi’s fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her. He was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school. He admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, ‘look strange’.
White House social secretary Jeremy Bernard to leave after four years. The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister, confirming rumors that Bernard, 53, would soon exit the administration. The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team.'.
U.S. Census Bureau releases 2014 childless rates. Childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties. The government agency released the updated figures online Tuesday.
FBI agents yank Chris Roberts off plane after he exposes security flaws in airlines' in-flight entertainment systems. Chris Roberts, who featured in a string of Fox News reports, was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York, on Wednesday night by two FBI agents and two uniformed officers. He was questioned for the next four hours.
Man who was run over by Suge Knight refuses to testify. Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Knight's pickup truck outside a burger stand in January, leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder. But he claimed from the witness stand of the Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday that he does not remember the specifics.
Women are undervaluing themselves and asking for less pay than they should – widening the gender pay gap, it is claimed. New research from Reed.co.uk found that female applicants state their ‘anticipated salary’ as £19,900, on average, while men asked for £23,800.
Football fan Stephen Dodd tweets picture of two Muslim men praying at Anfield. Stephen Dodd tweeted a picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula worshipping on their knees in a stairwell of Liverpool’s Anfield ground. He added the caption: ‘Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE.’.
Jean-Marie Le Pen says his daughter Marine'may want me dead'. It follows the 87-year-old honorary president of the far-right party falling out with Ms Le Pen, the current leader, over his extreme views. She was particularly angry that he called the Nazi gas chambers 'a detail of history'.
Tessa Cunningham puts our favourite foods to the frozen test. We all know freezing is a great way of preserving foods. But believe it or not, the process can make some things taste even better. From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture.
Romantic proposal moment: Loved-up couples around the world share their intimate proposal moment via HowHeAsked.com and Instagram account. There's nothing like a romantic proposal to warm the heart - especially when it is on a mountain peak in Hawaii, an exotic sandy beach or beneath the Eiffel Tower. Now you can live these most romantic of moments vicariously online.
Alabama boy born without a nose who was removed from Facebook because it was deemed to be too controversial. Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening. The photo of the boy was removed after a pro-life group put it in an ad in an effort to promote his story. Facebook has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake.
Kad Kaden Lum was gunned down in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28, in front of his mother. Heather Kelso, who was sharing a room with the youngster's mother, Jalisa, was also killed.
Nasa's Messenger spacecraft is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system. It has spent four years orbiting the closest planet to our sun, but despite desperate attempts to extend the life of Messenger spacecraft, it is slowly spiraling towards Mercury's scorched surface. Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in Hiers-Brouage, a seaside town in south-west France, when the 20-foot tree toppled and crushed her to death in 2007. Her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured by the American ash tree, which was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, who worked at the military base in Croydon, south London, allegedly invited the young woman in for an appointment to discuss her application to join the Army and locked the doors of the room they were in. The woman, now 27, told Southwark Crown Court that Mee raped her as he called her a'sweet woman'.
Boyfriend Jake Boys, 19, surprises girlfriend with tickets to see One Direction in Cardiff. The 19-year-old from Hailsham, East Sussex, surprised his partner Emily-Victoria Canham, 18, by telling her they would see Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson in concert. But he ended up booking plane tickets to the Republic of Ireland.
Lawrence Tynes is suing the Tampa Bay Buccaneers accusing them of unsanitary conditions that led to a MRSA infection that he says ended his career. The 36-year-old is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail, according to Albert Breer of the NFL Network.
Former head of NHS England Sir David Nicholson said it was crucial that all the main political parties backed the NHS’s five-year plan, which calls for a 7 per cent boost to the health budget by 2020. David Cameron and Nick Clegg have pledged to find the cash – but Ed Miliband has refused.
Secret Service will have to drive Scooby One and Scooby Two back to Chappaqua without HIllary Clinton riding shotgun. Instead, she's flying coach and toting her own luggage.
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, of Barnston, Wirral, is accused of groping the breast of one of them and saying 'you bad girl' after smacking her on the bottom. He has denied four counts of sexual assault.
Man dressed as a woman robs petrol station in Watervale, Victoria. The ID parade could get interesting if police catch this man who robbed a Victorian petrol station dressed as woman. Brimbank Crime Investigation Unit detectives in Victoria are investigating the armed robbery at a service station in Victoria on Monday after it was carried out in not very ladylike fashion. A police statement said that investigators were told the cross-dressing robber entered the service station on Taylors Road in Taytors Hill just before 7.30pm.
Richard Coles raised eyebrows by last year publishing a frank memoir which detailed not only his rise to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band The Communards, alongside singer Jimmy Somerville, but also his enthusiasm for 'dogging' – having sex with strangers in the open air – and for taking drugs including cocaine, ecstasy and amphetamines. He also confessed that he falsely told his friends that he was HIV positive, to generate attention and sympathy, and kept up the unpleasant pretence for five years.
New information from Nasa's Mars rover Curiosity, published in the journal Nature, shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet. The red planet might still have liquid water, suggests information collected by Nasa's Curiosity rover. The giant crater is 154 kilometres in diameter and the rim of the crater is almost five kilometres high. The sediment plates at the bottom are level, so everything indicates that the entire Gale Crater may have been a large lake.
Leo Bernal, 8, is lucky to be alive after an intruder shot him in the head as he lay in bed at his home in Culver City, California, over the weekend. On Friday, five days after the shooting, the 8-year-old was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together.
Eating out just once a week raises your risk of suffering from high blood pressure, study finds. Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake – all causes of hypertension. Researchers in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension. Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
Olympic judo star Facinet Keita refuses to leave Britain after losing to Guam opponent. He fled the Olympic village in summer 2012, claiming his failure to win a medal meant he 'would be murdered' if he returned to his native Guinea. He is now being supported by an asylum seeker charity.
Randy Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship. Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire.
Kevin Morton gave his son Kye Backhouse an extremely strong painkiller, a court heard. He could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter over the teenager's death at Preston Crown Court.
It was 25 years ago this week that the skeletal remains of a woman were found near Daytona Beach in Florida - and police are still trying to find out who she is, and who killed her. The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23, 1990. She was never identified.
Motorola launches gold Moto 360 smartwatch ahead of Apple's Watch unveiling. In a bid to detract some of the attention away from Apple's official Watch unveiling next week, Motorola is launching a gold version of its own timepiece the day before. The Gold model is available to pre-order online from O2 and any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch the next day.
Amir Khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on Snapchat while driving his car. The lightweight posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of Fremont close to San Francisco.
Domin Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank, which went viral after he posted it online. The 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash.
Girl, 13, writes letter to her teacher begging her to stop arranged marriage. Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding, which is due to take place in two days. She wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18.'.
The world's most unusual, excessive hotel amenities. MailOnline Travel looks at the world's quirkiest and most unusual hotel amenities. Whether it's a temporary pet fish, placed in your room and cared for by hotel staff, or a 'best man for hire' to help make a couple's special day that much better, these hotels have redefined what it means to go the extra mile. A pet goldfish.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode of the show when contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer to the word game. Host Nick Hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried, and failed, to stifle his giggles as a blushing Ms Riley spelt out the word 'erection'.
Government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month. The so-called crimes include diving into the Thames without authority, queue-jumping at a Tube station and hogging the middle lane of a motorway.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe. I had chosen a much gentler route, or so I thought. I was following the ancient Sentiers de Transhumance, footpaths used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures. It started in the remote Golo Valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs.
Secret Service supervisor placed on leave after female employee accuses him of assaulting her. The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Xavier Morales, her boss, in a Washington, D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her. After the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales, 48, tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted.
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low with more properties making a decent profit. When being compared to their prior purchase price, only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price. The report showed that Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year.
Two Georgia corrections officers resign after photo of badly beaten inmate with a leash around his neck appears on Facebook. The teenage victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail.
Headteachers struggle to find teachers in English, maths and science. Almost half of headteachers have vacancies in English and maths departments amid a growing recruitment crisis in secondary schools. They are struggling to fill core teaching positions, with some posts attracting only one or two applicants.
Islamist group Hizb ut-Tahrir joins forces with al-Qaeda in Syria. An extremist Islamist group with a 'big UK support base' has joined forces with Al Qaeda in Syria, according to reports. Several British men linked to ISIS, including Mohammed 'Jihadi John' Emwazi, are known to have been in contact with the group.
Ethiopian Airlines passengers were forced to endure a frustrating experience when their plane had to divert to Mumbai’s primary airport twice on the same day. Indian media reported that the Boeing 777-300ER first diverted to Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport to refuel about eight hours into its flight from southern China to Addis Ababa.
Incredible footage shows the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus, turning day to night, and China has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year. The footage of the dust storm in Belarus, filmed from a high rise apartment, shows traffic moving along a busy street in the province of Salihorsk, south of the capital of Minsk on Monday afternoon. As dark clouds move over the city, the entire area is plunged into darkness - forcing motorists to turn on their lights as they navigate the darkened roads. Within a matter of minutes
Holder sent a memo on Friday to Justice Department employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules and can lead to suspension or firing. His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the Drug Enforcement Administration had mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes.
Nick Clegg vows to protect education budget from cradle to college in Lib Dem manifesto. Unlike Tory and Labour plans, spending would rise per pupil – with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years – and also in line with inflation from 2018. It is understood that Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7.
Hitler's successor Karl Doenitz's surrender order to Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim is being auctioned 70 years later. The typed dispatch – owned by a US collector – was sent by German president Karl Doenitz on May 8, 1945, telling officers to abandon fighting or face the Allies' wrath. The WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians.
Bird flu kills nearly 10 percent of Iowa egg-laying chickens. Poultry producers and scientists had been hoping warmer weather would knock down the deadly bird flu virus. But the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Monday that the virus had been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County - prompting a massive bird cull.
Richard Johnson's holiday in unspoiled Kefalonia. For more than 2,000 years, invaders have been fighting over glorious Kefa. Romans, the Kingdom of Naples, the Venetian Republic, the Ottoman Empire, the French, British and, during the Second World War, the Italians and Germans have all left their mark. Fortunately, the present settlers have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism.
Irish student allegedly raped by Wall St banker in the Hamptons told how she used 'every ounce of strength left inside me' to throw him off whilst he violently assaulted her. The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion. She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault. The Irish
Malia Obama was taught how to drive by Secret Service agents. Some teenagers get driving lessons from their parents. Other teens are taught by licensed instructors. But Malia isn't your average 16-year-old: Her driving lessons were provided by the U.S. Secret Service.
Egyptian court sentences Armenian belly dancer to six months in prison for 'insulting the Egyptian flag'. The court in Agouza, west of Cairo, said Sofinar Gourian, popularly known as Safinaz, was fined £15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant. She is expected to avoid jail time, however, after paying £10,000 bail.
Arlette Ricci, 74, sent to prison for trying to hide her fortune from the French taxman through HSBC bank. The multi-millionaire owner of the Nina Ricci fashion company was today sent to jail. She was ‘particularly determined’ to stash money in Swiss accounts for more than two decades.
What makes one type of water better than another?. You would think that all water is created equal, but a raft of new 'enhanced' H20 products shows that things in the water business are changing, and fast.
Whooping cough: Canadian parents ditch anti-vaxxer stance after their seven young children come down with the illness. Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been firmly in the anti-vaccination camp, that is until their seven children contracted whooping cough. At first, Mrs Hills thought her kids had a bad cold, but then she heard their deep, booming cough that made them gag and vomit - 'the kind of cough that stops a parent's heart.'.
Kim Richards arrested after allegedly attacking a police officer. Law enforcement were called to The Beverly Hills Hotel at approximately 1:30am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out at the Polo Lounge. Radar reports that at some point after midnight the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham in Kent earlier that day and had borrowed his mobile. But later in the evening Dew returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from Herne Bay.
Sally Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub, in Sydney. Now the controversial councillor is developing 'a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations'.
2UE-2GB war of words appears to have erupted between two former rival stations. An account purporting to be Sydney radio station 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning which appeared to have come from a disgruntled former employee. 'Apologies for the s*** news service these days,' the tweet began.
Annabel Beam, now 12, believes she visited Heaven when unconscious after falling 30ft at the age of nine. In December, 2011, Annabel was playing outside the family's Texas home with her sisters Abigail, now 14 and Adelynn, now ten, when she slipped and fell inside a hollowed-out cottonwood tree.
George Galloway accuses Naz Shah of lying about being forced to marry when she was 15. Naz Shah, a mother-of-three from Bradford, has previously claimed that she was coerced into marrying her cousin in Pakistan before being sexually and physically abused. However, Mr Galloway's Respect Party now claims to have obtained a copy of her 'nikah', or marriage certificate, showing that she actually married in 1990.
Chelsy Davy shows off her style credentials in ripped jeans and a chic blazer. The ex-girlfriend of Prince Harry radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in Mayfair. Scroll down for video Stylish!
Police have launched a major investigation into claims of sexual abuse at care homes in Nottinghamshire dating back more than 70 years. Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall children's home near Mansfield.
Jerry Jerry A. Hostetler's 26,000-square-foot castle. Realtors in Indianapolis are looking to unload what's likely the Midwestern city's gaudiest and most famous home--a 26-000 square foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king.
Richard Howarth, 35, has developed an allergy to Nigel Farage that leaves him sweating and shaking whenever he sees the Ukip leader on TV. The medical recruitment consultant, from Milton Keynes, says he gets so agitated when he sees Mr Farage that he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes ill. He said hearing Mr Farage's voice makes him 'physically sick'. He said: 'It's almost like an allergy. When I see him on telly, I sweat a lot and become anxious.
Are these high-tech suncreams worth buying?. It's not just UV rays that Suncreams now protect against - some new products claim to stop the damage from infra-red A rays, too.
Dover police say a man they believe to be the so-called 'rat burglar' who cut holes to tunnel into buildings has been arrested in Maryland. Authorities said in a news release Thursday that 49-year-old Thomas K. Jenkins of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office.
Up to 100 Islamic teachers could be banned from working in schools for life following investigation into their alleged links to the Trojan Horse scandal. It is understood the National College for Teaching and Leadership (NCTL) - the profession's watchdog responsible for banning teachers from classrooms - is looking at 30 disciplinary cases, with an expectation many more teachers will be targeted for their part in the affair. The probe into the Islamic plot last year found evidence of anti-Western rhetoric, intolerance towards gays and creating the perception of a worldwide conspiracy against Muslims.
Mario Draghi cowering behind bodyguard as woman throws confetti at him during press conference. The president of the European Central Bank held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him. The woman - who identified herself later as Josephine Witt - yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards.
Grenada is an island awash with fresh produce and intriguing local recipes. You'd think that being a chef, I'd want to escape the toils of the kitchen while on holiday - but the opposite is true. I jump at the chance to experience new flavours and gather fresh inspiration.
Bogan Shire Council to erect 'big bogan' statue in Nyngan, New South Wales. Maate, it's the biggest bogan in Straya! This is the image of the Big Bogan statue that the Bogan Shire Council is aiming to erect in the town of Nyngan to honour the Aussie icon.
The best puddings and pastries to accompany your cup of coffee. The next time you order your coffee give some thought to your choice of pastry. The classic English pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte.
Ricky Dearman: Father falsely accused of abusing his own children and drinking the blood of babies wept as he described his 'horrific' ordeal. Actor Ricky said his reputation was shattered after being branded the leader of a London satanic cult who trafficked of children into the UK to be tortured and killed on video. Scotland Yard investigated the 'baseless' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner.
Britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade despite plans to return the country to the black, the International Monetary Fund warned last night. The global watchdog said the state will continue to spend more on public services and other areas such as welfare and overseas aid than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament. The projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country’s annual deficit, which hit a record £153billion under Labour in 2009-10 and now stands at £90billion.
Payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers, experts predict. Wonga, the UK’s biggest payday loans firm, today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year following a significant reduction in UK consumer lending while it attempts to clean up its tarnished image. Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million.
Vincent Cianni, 63, said he embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with; voluntarily signing up for a system that did, and in many ways still does, oppress them 'It seems I spent most of my life uninterested in knowing about the military because I supported peace, the fight to end violence and injustice, and the sanctity of life,' the photographer told Vice. 'I was eighteen when I joined the United States Marine Corps in 1989.
Police are hunting for Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect. Police said Friday that they're trying to find a couple and five children who left a North Las Vegas home where a 3-year old girl was found dead and a 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected by her 17-yearold mother that the child was hospitalized in critical condition. If Kellie Cherie Phillips (pictured) and Jondrew Megil L
Julie Bishop fails to wear Jimmy Choo's designs during meeting. She's previously spoken of her love of shoes, claiming she's a 'girly girl' whose footwear gives her added 'confidence', so it was no surprise Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was starstruck when she caught up with her fashion icon - world-renowned shoemaker Jimmy Choo. And while she may have been in the presence of shoe royalty, Ms Bishop fell victim to one of the cardinal sins of fashion, by failing to wear 66-year-old Mr Choo’s designs during their meeting.
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child. Male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her and she was ‘mocked’ and subjected to ‘gratuitous derogatory’ comments about her childcare arrangements.
Hitler's minister of propaganda Joseph Goebbels' family sues publisher for royalties over extracts from his diaries. Cordula Schacht - whose own father Hjalmar Schacht was Hitler’s minister of economics - is suing a publisher in the case against Random House Germany and its imprint Sidler. The dispute comes after Peter Longerich, a leading authority on the Holocaust and Nazi Germany, drew on the diaries for a biography, which was published in Germany in 2010. Now the English edition of the biography is due to be published by Penguin Random House UK.
Ammonia train derails in South Carolina, sparking evacuation. A freight train carrying a dangerous form of ammonia derailed in a rural area of South Carolina on Friday night - causing several cars to overturn and leak, and sparking a 1.5-mile-wide evacuation. The train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near the town of Trenton, shortly after 8.30pm.
Britain overtakes France to become second biggest economy in Europe. The UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations and seven times higher than France’s 0.4 per cent. According to an International Monetary Fund report, this was enough for Britain to leapfrog socialist France.
Anthony Mann, 78, sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to the details of the mercy killing of his wife Janet at their home in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. He was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at Leamington Justice Centre today.
German primary school teacher will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies, conceived following 18 months of fertility treatment. Miss Raunigk, who features in a documentary on German television tonight, said she was not too worried about the birth.
Radical Muslim preacher Trevor Brooks refused passport after Home Office accuses him of planning to join Islamic State. Trevor Brooks, an associate of Islamist firebrand Anjem Choudary, was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk. Brooks, 39, was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence.
Ed Ed Miliband accuses David Cameron of 'ducking' the chance to defend his record in government or explain how he would pay for a host of tax giveaways and spending pledges. The Prime Minister will be absent when Mr Miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown, after agreeing to just one direct confrontation with his rival.
South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free. A bizarre search is now unfolding on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities try to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'.
Germanwings air disaster victims remembered at memorial service. The Cardinal who led the service at the historic Cologne cathedral urged forgiveness for all of the victims - including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz who is widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit. The plane which was heading to Dusseldorf in Germany from Barcelona was carrying 150 passengers - including young school children - who all died when it crashed.
Burger Burger King, which has launched its summer menu, has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie. The British sandwich chain's new concept is called 'Good Evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only (for now) at its branch on The Strand in London.
Orangutan baby Tuah is finally ready to meet the public. Fleece jackets, piles of hay, a fuzzy stuffed animal sloth and a lot of fruit were on Bobbi Gordon's shopping list when she became a surrogate mother to a big-eyed, spikey-haired little boy. A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve died a few weeks after giving birth.
William Beggs, 54, known as the Limbs in the Loch murderer, was described by police at the time of his conviction in 2001 as a'serial killer in the making'. The teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the Ayrshire coast.
Three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the Battle of Waterloo. Only just over half (53 per cent) know the Duke of Wellington led the British forces, while one in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815. The survey, by the National Army Museum ahead of the 200th anniversary on June 18, also showed that young people are more likely to associate Waterloo with the London railway station or the Abba song than the actual battle – with one in eight of those aged 18-24 saying they'd never heard of it. Forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults
Saudi Arabia condemned for beheading Indonesian domestic worker who was'suffering from mental illness'. Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death. She was on death row for over 15 years while Saudi Arabian authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood.
Bobby Flay and Stephanie March's messy divorce just got uglier. On Sunday, the New York Post's Page Six alleged that the marriage breakup was the result of Flay having an affair with his assistant Elyse Tirrel, who's 28. But the celebrity chef's business partner Laurence Kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims, saying that if Flay had been having an ongoing affair with an employee, he would know about it.
Hemp is used legally in a range of ways - from its seeds to its oils - with many touting its health benefits. Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight.
Nigel Farage said he was 'jealous' of how the Tory leader has reversed the greying process while in Downing Street. David Cameron - who has been accused of trying to hide his bald spot - has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years, Nigel Farage suggested today.
Anti-Semitic attacks surged worldwide by 38 per cent last year, with the highest number of incidents occurring in France, an annual study has revealed. The report, by Tel Aviv University's Kantor Center for the Study of Contemporary European Jewry, said 766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year - marking a huge increase from the previous year. Arson, vandalism and direct threats against Jews, synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure, making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009.
Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. The rest of the family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the GATA2 gene.
Hatton Garden jewel heist: Police identify one of the men behind the gang behind the raid. Police are believed to have identified one of three suspects after releasing CCTV images of the gang as they raided the bank vault over the Easter bank holiday. The gang, believed to number around four or five, made a hole in the wall of a storm drain underneath LA's streets, before tunneling 100ft through the dirt.
Diamonds have lost their sparkle as women abandon the traditional ring in favour of more exotic gems. The huge increase in demand for coloured stones, such as sapphires and rubies, has seen their prices soar. Celebrities such as Kate Middleton, who proudly wore a Ceylon sapphire once owned by Princess Diana as her engagement ring, have driven the craze. A-list stars Beyoncé, Naomi Watts, Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also played their part by flashing their beloved coloured gems on the red carpet.
The Hague - a hidden gem of a city. Sauntering down leafy avenues past typical Dutch step-­gabled buildings, carpets of crocuses, the occasional cyclist whooshing quietly by and the sun bouncing off the canal, I can think of few more pleasant places to spend a spring weekend than The Hague. This is also prime territory for a gallery­ lover like me: the beautiful, elegant and not-­too-­big Mauritshuis was restored last year.
Walter Scott and his passenger were looking forward to having a cookout when he was pulled over and shot dead by a South Carolina police officer, it has emerged. Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables.
Amanda Curtis snaps rare quadruple rainbow over Long Island rail station. The rare formation, which appears to be formed of two double rainbows, appeared over a commuter rail station on Long Island early Tuesday. Amanda Curtis snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the Long Island Railroad at the Glen Cove station.
Oklahoma reserve deputy Robert Bates apologizes to family of man he shot dead. Robert Bates, from Tulsa, Oklahoma, spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday, where he was flanked by his lawyer and family members. He also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the April 2 incident.
The first mosaic, pieced together by the German Aerospace Center (DLR), comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km) of the surface of Mars. It covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet, parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel, the chaotic Aram Chaos region as well as the Meridiani Planum and Chryse Planitia plains. The data for this wide-area topography of Mars was acquired by Mars Express' High Resolution Stereo Camera (HRSC,) which has been orbiting the planet since 2003. Nine sensors record the surface
Father Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door. The 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter, who he referred to as his 'little lion cub' in Facebook posts.
Ford has launched its very own supercar. With the first models already shipped to China, the GT, will be unrolled across Europe next year.
Middle school student in fear of her life after Instagram users threaten to stab her to death. The girl, who has not been named but attends school in San Dimas, California, is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service. The posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages.
Pippa Middleton’s whale meat on holiday may have been hard for Prince William to swallow. The 31-year-old, who styles herself as a food and lifestyle writer, has told of eating Minke whale – even though it is largely banned worldwide. She boasted of tucking into the delicacy in Norway, to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an 'unimaginably cruel' trade.
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub. An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road. Nick Weller told the Daily Examiner he initially saw two girls brawling on the streets.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, teamed up with her husband Danny Egan for their film The R-Word, which is in pre-production while they try to raise $200,000 for the documentary on the crowdsourcing website IndieGoGo. The director and producer, who was inspired to create the movie by her sister Gabrielle, has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter, who has Down syndrome.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry.The health reforms, which include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content, have now passed through the upper house of parliament.An analysis of the reforms by Sarah Jackson, a research psychologist at University College London, suggested that censoring images of ultra-thin models may ease their adverse effects on young women, such as concerns about body image and behaviours such as unhealthy eating.But while some have been hailing the legislation as a 'crackdown on anorexia',
Obese workers are 'lazy' and 'unable to fulfil their roles' and as a result are less likely to be hired, a new survey has revealed. Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight. Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required'.
Builder Sean Donohoe, 30, from Wilnecote, Tamworth, plundered the elderly woman's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV. He even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits, before secretly taking out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary. The builder has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft. Sentencing him at Birmingham Crown Court, Judge Francis Laird QC said: 'You befriended her, you became a
Mother of jihadi bride Khadijah Dare calls for her return. She was among the first Britons to join the terrorists of Islamic State and regularly takes to Twitter to issue violent threats, including one in which she spoke of her wish to become the first woman to behead a Westerner. But despite all that, Victoria Dare's heartbroken mother Victoria has used her first ever interview to call upon her daughter to return and says she wants her only child in her life.
Ferrari driver crashes newly-purchased sports car into tree in Adelaide. The crash involving the 1991 Ferrari 348, worth between $90k and $110k and sporting 'Plesur' number plates, took place at around 8.25pm on King George Avenue. Despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed, his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries.
Long Island mother who went missing with her daughter is jailed again. Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Iona's stepson, George Costello Jr, 45, was staying nearby at the time.
39 criminals on the run from Ford Open Prison. These are the sneering faces of some of the 39 criminals currently on the run from a notorious open prison. Among their number are two murderers, as well as drug dealers and fraudsters. Some have been awol from Ford Open Prison for as long as 10 years, according to information only now released by the Ministry of Justice.
Ed Ed Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' the non-domicile status on Wednesday, but it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. Although Labour aides suggested this would raise as much as £1billion, it seems the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market.
Robert Hardy sells off £100,000 collection of antiques. Veteran actor Robert Hardy, 89, is selling his enormous collection in a £100k auction after deciding to downsize his home. The star, known for appearing in All Creatures Great and Small and playing Winston Churchill several times, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, was arrested Wednesday night at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after returning on a flight from Turkey. He has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
'Snowball Earth' theory suggests our planet was once entirely frozen over. Travel to the tropics today and you’ll experience balmy annual mean temperatures of 30°C (85°F). But travel there 2.4 billion years ago, and it’s likely you would have been subjected to Arctic-like temperatures of -40°C (-40°F).
Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous. It is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East with year-round sunshine, some of the best hotels.
Churchill’s Toyshop: The inventions that helped end World War Two. They may look like inventions straight out of a sci-fi film, but this collection of designs were very much real and developed in a top-secret British war lab more than 70 years ago. Ministry of Defence 1, also known as 'Churchill's Toyshop', was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill - a firm believer in the importance of science and technology in warfare. He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board.
TrackYourDose app records your personal radiation to reveal how much you are exposed to from from medical examinations, changes in your location, and flights. The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights. It can measure all the relevant types of radiation, in particular neutron radiation produced in the atmosphere.
Jamaican drug dealer jailed for life for brutal hammer and knife attack on Leighann Duffy. Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with 26-year-old Leighann Duffy before he armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife and smashed his way into her flat in Walthamstow, east London, on September 1 last year. After pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by Judge Nicholas Cooke.
Eiffel Tower closed after workers walk out in support of the unions strike against the government's austerity measures. Workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout in a solidarity with the thousands taking to the streets across the country in union-led protests against public spending cuts. Signs were placed at the foot of the tower warning that the landmark was closed due to strike action.
Teacher Emily Reay, 17, who has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria, and claims she has sported the same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years. But on her return to lessons following the Easter holidays she claims she was ordered to tone it down after teachers decided the colour was inappropriate.
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences as 37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen were jailed for life. The defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling Cairo protest camp in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013.
The bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on Twitter and retweeted by Scots crime writer Ian Rankin. The photo was originally put online by Jon Palmer from The Cheese House, Cromarty, who tweeted: 'Market day tomorrow in the town that has all bases covered when it comes to tourist attractions.' The tweet then quickly drew a series of facetious online comments. Stephen Foster asked: 'Sweeney Todd lives anywhere nearby?' Malcolm Ramsay said: 'A trip to Dornoch? It's kill or cure...' Gavin Sutherland of Gavin's Traditional Butchers, based in the nearby retail park in
Massachusetts woman who died from melanoma likely caused by her love of tanning is campaigning for a change to laws governing sunbeds. Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005.
DEA boss Michele Leonhart expected to resign over sex parties with prostitutes. The White House declined to give embattled Drug Enforcement Administration chief Michele Leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign. Her anticipated departure stems from concerns.
Darwin bodybuilder Phil Primmer dies after collapsing. The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil Primmer, who reportedly died after collapsing on Thursday. The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died, according to NT News.
U.S. spends $4bn a year on unnecessary medical costs due to mammograms generating false alarms and on treatment for breast tumors unlikely to cause problems. The study, published in the Health Affairs journal on Monday, has estimated the figure for women aged 40 to 59. It is made up of $2.8bn resulting from false-positive mammograms and another $1.2bn attributed to breast cancer overdiagnosis -treatment of tumors that grow slowly or not at all and are unlikely to develop into life-threatening disease.
David Cameron admits he will have failed as Tory leader if he does not win a majority. David Cameron has admitted he will be seen as a failure if he fails to win an outright majority at the next election. The Prime Minister said voters were not 'fully sure' about the Tories at the last election, but claimed they would back the party this time.
Gemma Redhead believed her ordeal was over after her attacker was jailed. But as she attempted to rebuild her life, the young mother had a sickening reminder of the attack – from the man who carried it out.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, forced victim Michael Spalding, 39, to decorate his flat before attacking him when he refused to work any longer. Simon, with the help of his girlfriend Michelle Bird, 35, then threw the suitcases into a canal which they weighed down using broken concrete slabs.
Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a. common agenda, Russian president Vladimir Putin said on Saturday. In his comments to the state-run Rossiya channel, Putin.
Farmer Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the North Yorkshire Moors by 67-year-old Kenneth Ward, naked apart from socks and boots. The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her.
Six soldiers have finally been put to rest in a cemetery - more than 100 years after they were killed in the first months of World War One. The soldiers were given a burial with full military honours in an emotional ceremony which included the hymn Jerusalem in Flanders Fields, Belgium, this morning.
Fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola, officials have warned. While the drinks are said to have health benefits, some brands contain more than a day’s recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. The Local Government Association, which represents councils that are responsible for public health, accused soft drink firms of ‘dragging their heels’ when it comes to minimising sugar in their products. It said children under the age of ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks.
Oshun Cafe to serve £6 bowls of Brazilian superfood acai berries. The sparse menu offers four variations of berry bowls, served with different toppings and fruit accompaniments. The Native Acai Berry Bowl is topped with bananas, granola, raisin and honey.
City's communications director has been fired after she allegedly stopped a tourism photo shoot with a black and an Asian model and told the photographer they were 'not the image I want for the city'. Rosemary Taylor, communications director of the City of Brookhaven in Georgia, made the 'racist' remark to hired photographer Nelson Jones at the local Cherry Blossom Festival two weeks ago.
Francis Pusok: Man who was beaten by cops after two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback speaks out for the first time. Helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching 30-year-old Francis Pusok more than 80 times on Thursday, after he fled his southern California home when they tried to arrest him for identity theft charges. In an interview with NBC 4 on Monday, he revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear 'This isn't over'.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening. His mother Brandi McGlathery said Facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote Eli's story.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, who was killed during a botched sting on April 2. Despite the charges, the judge said that the retired insurance executive, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas, NBC reported.
Nasa has released the first close-up views of the north pole of dwarf planet Ceres from the Dawn spacecraft. Dawn arrived on 6 March, the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet.
Labour's plan to target wealthy foreigners leaves family baffled. Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused' over whether or not the party was actually promising to scrap non-dom rules. Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms, but in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money.
SexSex by Numbers: What statistics can tell us about sexual behaviour was released this week and it's a must-read for anyone fascinated by who really does what, where, when and how in bed. The author, David Spielgalhalter, a Cambridge University professor, sets out to investigate various sexual statistical claims and separate myth from reality.
French diners have previously seen doggy bags - popular in America and the UK - as 'embarrassing', but one MP has said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food. Socialist MP Guillaume Garot, the author of the study, said while the popular US practice was previously 'unthinkable' for snooty diners and chefs, a change in attitudes could save France up to €20 billion (£14 billion) a year.
Kenyanian special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the brutal massacre at a university where nearly 150 people were killed by Islamist militants, according to reports. Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa, some 225miles from the capital, to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university, but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon, local media claims.
David Cameron’s ‘bloat’ speech in Bristol. You could have fried an egg on David Cameron's upper lip yesterday afternoon when he appeared in sunny Bristol. The PM was speaking in a rather peculiar building – an almost empty science park on the city's outskirts, its round atrium area filled with party activists. The space was uncomfortably hot and Mr Cameron was looking straight into a merciless, piercing, armpit-moistening sun.
Robert Durst pleads not guilty to new charge of gun possession. Jailed millionaire Robert Durst pleaded not guilty Tuesday to the newest charge against him - a federal charge of possessing a gun after a felony conviction. U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22. He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana.
Turia Pitt's incredible fitness program to compete in the 2016 Melbourne Ironman. This eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head, burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind. As a crack team of surgeons from the Australian charity, Interplast, worked last March to save the sight of little baby Seng, from Vientiane, Laos, inspirational burns survivor Turia Pitt watched on. Turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big, brown eyes. That's because she knows that if she lived in a
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens set to rake in $500m opening weekend. There are some very high expectations for the JJ Abrams-directed film when it hits theaters on December 18. The space epic is already being predicted to raked in a global $500 million on its opening weekend, according to a Tuesday article from The Hollywood Reporter.
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday. He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991, about 350km west of Melbourne.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry suspended for one week after berating parking attendant. The 28-year-old has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should 'lose some weight', adding 'I'm on television and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey'..
Ava Gardner's 'little London retreat' could be yours for £500,000 per year. The Hollywood siren called the building, just a short walk from Harrods in London's exclusive Knightsbridge, home until her death in 1990. Now this newly refurbished five bedroom, five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star.
Downton Abbey star Lily James wears £300,000 worth of shoes and jewellery. From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how the British star's very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for Prince Charming's bulging wallet. It’s been one of the most indulgent shopping sprees in Hollywood history. In just eight weeks, Lily James, the star of Disney's new blockbuster Cinderella, has worn more than £300k worth of frocks, shoes, jewellery
Burglars stare directly at camera as they rob home in Los Angeles. In the video, released by the Los Angeles Police Department, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon. The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home and disappear into what seems to be a hallway. Then one suspect returns.
Teacher Suzy Howlett, 54, who specialises in teaching foreign-born children English, has embarrassed husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook over their spelling, punctuation and grammar. Using a red pen she highlighted the incorrect use of words, lack of apostrophes, flabby language, poor spellings and use of Americanisms.
Timothy Rogalski, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone. The fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant.In the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead, according to police in Monroe. He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake, police said.
Long Long Island widow and 14-year-old daughter missing. Iona Costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, from Greenport, were going into the city when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village.
North Charleston cop Michael Slager would have got away with a cover up had bystander video not emerged. North Charleston police are facing growing accusations that killer cop Michael Slager (pictured) would have gotten away with the shooting of Walter Scott had the bystander footage not emerged. Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call for back-up after the shooting - as handcuffed Walter Scott lay dead or dying with five bullet wounds to the back. But the fact that Scott was shot in the back does not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media, or in the force's incident report filed after
Sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000 – forcing buyers to barter them down. A study found that Britons selling their properties refuse to admit the housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine.
Ed Miliband visits Christian group in Croydon. With the polls refusing to shift, Ed Miliband today went looking for divine inspiration in the hopes of winning the election. The self-confessed atheist Labour leader visited a Christian group on the latest stop o his campaign trail.
The maths problem designed for 14-year-olds that baffled people around the world. For those who did not manage to work out the cryptic clues that were designed to lead them towards the fictional Cheryl's birthday, then the answer was July 16. Those who were able to reason their way to this answer followed a series of logical steps that allowed them to rule out the other dates given as part of the question. The problem was posted on Facebook by ‘Hello Singapore’ television presenter Kenneth Kong, and went viral as people posted their various solutions to the problem.
Gran finds herself on the cover of a raunchy lads' mag from 1955. The last thing many people would expect to discover when delving into their gran's past, is their successful career as a pin-up girl. Helen Dunn, 78, wasn't ever expecting to relive her daring past, but was surprised when she opened a copy of the Sunday Mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself starring back.
Charlie Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids. The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included.
Prince George's brother or sister could be called Sam - after the jockey that helped the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge rekindle their romance. Bookmakers have slashed odds on the name Sam - which could be used for Samuel or Samantha - being chosen for the name of the second royal baby. The new prince or princess will be fourth in line to the throne but, unlike Prince George, he or she is not expected to rule as sovereign.
China factory girl dumps newborn baby boy in toilet after giving birth. The baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in Wenzhou City by a cleaner, prompting its managers to start searching for the mother. They found Xiao Ying, 17, working on the production line – but she completely denied giving birth to the child.
David Cameron to give millions of workers three days paid leave a year to do volunteer work. The Prime Minister said he will amend the Working Times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor, and get paid in addition to their 28 days of paid holiday. But business leaders criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention', amid doubts about how the policy would be paid for.
Hillary Clinton shaped State Department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation, new book claims. According to author Peter Schweizer there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial Clinton Foundation and rewards emerging for donors - in forms such as free trade agreements and development projects.
Slumdog Millionaire: Adopted Australian adoptee Latika Bourke goes back to India to discover her origins. Although she was adopted from India along with two of her siblings, it never occurred to her that she should explore her origins in India, where she was born before being adopted and starting a new life in the Lucky Country as an eight month old baby. But that all changed when she watched the movie Slum Dog Millionaire and realised how profoundly different her life would have been if her new parents didn't take her in their arms and change her life forever. The film was nothing short of life-
Property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017. In a new report, Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent - which Goldman Sachs analysts Tim Toohey and Andrew Boak label as 'too optimistic'.
Boston father of two dies 11 days after he was brutally beaten in bar. Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at Home Ice Sports Bar. Officials said he died from his injuries.
Virtual reality headsets could help to combat air sickness and jet lag. A new device, called the Flow VR, provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. This can help combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness.
Robin Ellis has type 2 diabetes. Robin Ellis shot to fame in the Seventies as the original dashing hero Ross Poldark. At the time, he was as much a heart throb as Aidan Turner, star of the hugely successful BBC remake of the Cornish epic.
Patrick Randall granted parole after 25 years. Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head. Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears's wedding decorations in Dunblane. The decorations were first seen at the royal wedding in 2011, when trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in Westminster Abbey. There is less than 48 hours now until the Scottish tennis champion and his girlfriend exchange vows in his hometown. For the last week, the whole town have been getting involved in the celebrations.
New video shows moment police officer John Moynihan is shot in the face just seconds after approaching a driver who was stopped during a gunfire investigation. A newly released video shows the shocking moment a Boston police officer was shot and killed by a man who was pulled over during a shootout. The video shows how Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range after the policeman opens the driver-side door. West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street.
Residents living yards from the scene of the £60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime. They also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the evening of Good Friday, but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks.
East Coast Low weather system battering NSW coast. The cyclone strength winds currently battering the NSW coast are being caused by an intense low-pressure system known as an East Coast low. The stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever. A large gum tree has been uprooted on a property at Booragul, a suburb near Lake Macquarie north of Sydney in NSW.
Judge Orlando Hudson Jr. said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that Craig Stephen Hicks is 'death penalty qualified.'.
Child left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by thug. Kealeigh-Anne Woolley (pictured) was just seven months old when she was left blind and unable to speak after being violently shaken by Colin Heath in January 2000. She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011.
'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat' shirt at Coachella sparks outrage. An unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion after he was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words.
Planespotter Conrad Clitheroe runs out of medicine in Abu Dhabi jail. Conrad, from Stockport, is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro - also from Greater Manchester. But the 54-year-old's wife says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication - and claims guards 'don't care'..
Lisa Morgan, 40, a legal secretary, amended the site she had set up for former boyfriend Sean Meade, 45, to claim he had been unfaithful. Visitors to the Top of the World Roofing website are told it has 'ceased trading at present' as the boss was 'unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again'.
PayPal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in. Jonathan Leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers.
New Zealand holiday-makers come face to face with a shark. Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore, swimming around in only a few feet of water. Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler as it eventually swam away.
Man with depression makes heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life. While the chilling song 'Goodbye My Lover' by James Blunt is playing in the background, the distressing three-minute footage shows Chris Ball repeatedly saying that no one should take the blame for his disease and expressing his unconditional love for his mother, four siblings and his girlfriend. On September 14 last year, Chris's brother Jayden - who is only one year younger - and their stepfather found Chris's body along with a USB stick containing the video sitting on top of a piece of paper which simply said: 'Mum
New GCSEs will allow pupils to talk about tattoos, music festivals, YouTube and rap music. Exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds which they said would ‘make content more contemporary’. Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film, while others will look at Spanish tweets.
Former Virginia first lady Maureen McDonnell says she did not receive a fair trial. Her attorneys argued Monday in a 101-page court filing that Mrs McDonnell's public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.
Researchers at the University of Sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity. They found obese people fall into one of six categories:.
Our willingness to learn - or lack thereof - is significantly influenced by our genes, according to a large study. Psychologists from Goldsmiths University of London, and Ohio State University in the US studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries, including the UK, Canada, Japan, Germany, Russia and the US. They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents.
'Shameless liar' Andrew O'Clee, 36, wed Michelle Agbulos – and later tied the knot again with another woman. But Michelle, 39, uncovered the deception when she came across footage of him completing the ice bucket charity challenge on the social networking site.
Samantha says she thinks she's 'fabulous'. I sprung out of bed this morning and examined myself in the full-length bedroom mirror, and I can honestly say that there’s never a day when I would rather be someone else.
Pennsylvania couple killed after their 1923 Model T Ford convertible skids off the road and flips over. Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred. First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries.
DEA agents in Colombia were taking part in alleged'sex parties' with prostitutes funded by drug cartels years earlier than previously known, U.S. lawmakers said on Tuesday. Several DEA agents were participating in alleged sex parties in Colombia starting in 2001 according to a new report.
Uber driver credited with stopping mass shooting in Chicago will not face charges. Prosecutors say the driver with a concealed carry permit shot a 22-year-old man who opened fire on a group of pedestrians in Logan Square. Court records say the man, identified by The Washington Post as Everardo Custodio, shot at people walking in front of the driver's vehicle on Friday night in the busy neighborhood.
550 fisherman slaves rescued from Indonesian island. A dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified, the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of Benjina. Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses.
Oregon man sentenced to 10 years in prison for stabbing his boyfriend to death. Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home, The Oregonian reports. 'I don't forgive you, and I never will.'
Virgin Galactic hopes to begin testing a new version of SpaceShipTwo by the end of the year, according to the company’s chief executive. Its previous plane was destroyed in a crash in the Mojave Desert in October 2014. The company said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spacecraft works 'better'.
Terr Terrifying footage has emerged of young thugs who got out of their vehicle to threaten another driver while one was armed with a weapon at a set of traffic lights. The dashboard camera has captured the unnamed driver travelling along a Melbourne road when a red ute with P-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection.
Sunbed users at risk of catching sexually transmitted infection, herpes. Dermatologist Dawn Marie Davies, an associate professor of dermatology at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns the virus, and other bacteria, can survive on tanning beds, despite the heat. She said staphylococcus bacteria, which can cause skin infections, faecal bacteria, the herpes virus and the wart-causing human papillomavirus are all able to withstand the heat of a sunbed to survive.
Police are hunting for a 26-year-old man after his mother and sister were found dead at two separate addresses in Bootle. Merseyside Police said Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. The 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished.
Oregon couple announce they are expecting a child in rap video set to 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' theme song. The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. 'We're ready for grandkids, get a move on it!'
Road rage incident between truck driver and two young men caught on camera. The footage, which was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car. The incident started on Warringah Road and continued on for 8.5km, with the passenger in the car claiming the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car.
Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. They tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current run through electrodes attached to the scalp on 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations.
Transgender man Aydian Dowling has 40,000 votes to win Men's Health's Ultimate Guy Search. The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'. He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year. He's the transgender man who is poised to grace the cover of Men’s Health Magazine.
'Master con artist' Cathryn Parker, 72, has lived as 74 different people. She may not look it, but this 72-year-old is a master con artist who has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers. But after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation. Police started to investigate Parker after realizing she gave the traffic officers a false name.
Sue Sim, who came to national prominence five years ago as Northumbria Police dealt with the Raoul Moat manhunt, said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family. It was announced last month that Ms Sim was to be investigated by her Police and Crime Commissioner's office for alleged misconduct.
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter. Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods.
Christine Lagarde, the first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund, and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood, who chose a bright shade of the colour for her live election debate last Thursday. The pair are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink, according to The Sunday Times.
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train about 1.40pm on Wednesday. Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing. Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti told Daily Mail Australia he was shocked by the ugly incident. 'She asked my wife why she was wearing a scarf when it was hot outside - when my wife answered her I thought the woman was asking to be friendly,' Mr Bhatt
New York's first openly gay couple signs with modeling agency. John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, go by the Brangelina-like portmanteau Jarlos, and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on New York City's party scene. But while the male model It Couple have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like Edun and DSquared2, they say it hasn't always been easy for them to work in the industry and be true to themselves.
Shezoy Bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am. Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday.
Woman who was sexually abused as a child by her step-father speaks out for the first time. Kim Hill, from Suffolk, has bravely waived her right to anonymity and spoken about how she was abused by Derek Osborne from the age of four. The now 31-year-old revealed she was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films.
Kim Kardashian reveals she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits. Kim Kardashian has revealed that she is going to great lengths to make sure that her luxurious designer wardrobe stays in mint condition because she plans on handing 'everything' down to her 22-month-old daughter North West. The 34-year-old reality star explained that she is creating an ‘archive’ of her most infamous outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags, because she is keen on the idea of North inheriting her wardrobe when she gets older.
Poundland posts annual sales of £1bn for the first time. The company, which began as a single shop in Burton-on-Trent 25 years ago, has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. The firm revealed yesterday total revenue over the 12-month period - excluding its Spain interests - grew 11.8 per cent to just over £1billion.
ABC's World News Tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival NBC's Nightly News in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years. NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers.
Former TSA agent claims groping happens every day at security checkpoints across the United States and staff routinely bend the rules to get their hands on passengers. Jason Edward Harrington, who worked with the government agency for six years, added screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and will conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like.
Tattoo-obsessed body modification artist plans to set up his own business. He has spent more than £40,000 on tattoos and body modifications in a bid to 'be the person I want to be' but Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, says his unusual looks have made it difficult to find work. Thanks to workplace discrimination, he claims, he has been forced to go it alone.
New images of the mystery bright spots on the dwarf planet Ceres show the brightest spot and its companion standing out against the darker surroundings. But experts are still at a loss to explain the composition and source of the bright spots. The images were taken on 14 and 15 April from a distance of 14,000 miles (22,000km) from the north pole of Ceres. Ceres is 590 miles (950 km) across and was discovered in 1801. It is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt, making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system.
This world might be 63 light-years away - and we can’t even get a direct image of it - but scientists have incredibly been able to measure its atmosphere, just by measuring its sodium emission. The findings - made with a relatively small telescope - suggest we may soon have the opportunity to examine other distant worlds beyond the solar system in unprecedented detail. The research was carried out by scientists from the Universities of Geneva and Bern in Switzerland.
At least three people pour gasoline on car and set it on fire at gas station. The driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles around 12:15am on Saturday. The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside.
Police in Texas turn ranchers as they determinedly try and herd a stray buffalo. Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock. As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car.
Sapphire Sapphire glass is said to be twice as tough as normal glass and almost as hard as a diamond. To test the durability of the screen, it was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin, before being ‘scratched’ by a key.
Carey Mulligan, 29, said she watched as her grandmother, a former teacher, develop problems with her memory. She realised something was wrong when her grandmother struggled to use her knife and fork.
German pensioner pregnant with quadruplets at 65. Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister.'.
Gary Barlow reveals Jason Orange is excited to see Take That. Jason Orange shocked Take That fans around the world when he quit the chart-topping band last September but he hasn't said goodbye to them forever. For as the remaining members Gary, Mark Owen and Howard Donald prepare to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in Glasgow on April 27 - Gary has revealed to MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates.
Suge Knight's alleged victim claims he growled 'I'm going to kill you' before 'everything went black'. Cle 'Bone' Sloan tells officers Knight uttered the threat then yanked on the gear stick. Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems. In a report issued to the Herald Sun, Victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry. Speaking to the publication, a former Melbourne truck driver said his colleagues were taking drugs regularly, and meeting areas were often set up between drivers over radios using codes, where drugs were then handed out.
Unwanted online shopping items piling up in wardrobes. Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around because they have not got around to returning it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy, a survey shows. When asked why, 43 per cent said they could not be bothered.
Czech immigrants trafficked into the UK by Roma family on the promise of a 'better life' were forced to work for free and sleep in cupboards, a court was told. The victims were lured to Britain but were 'treated like dogs' - being made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter, prosecutors say. The jury heard how the workers were kept under duress amid fears for the safety of their families back home and sent to work in dog food factories, food plants and car washes in Plymouth, Devon. But they were made to give over all their wages, forced to eat outside
Girl, 13, gunned down by ISIS snipers as she tries to flee militant-held area of Damascus. The teenager, identified as Zeynab Daghastani, was shot and killed as she made her way through the southern streets of the Al-Yarmouk Camp towards the nearby neighbourhood of Yalda. 'They killed children in front of their parents.
Married couple lose 11st in time for wedding. Holly Beard, 24, and her fiance Steve Hancock, 27, from Adderley Green, Staffordshire, tipped the scales at over 41st when they set a date for their big day in January last year. But Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat.
The Maldives: A week in paradise. Everything they say about the Maldives is true. The sea is breathtakingly cerulean blue, the sand as soft as flour. The air is so clear it feels like there might be a fourth dimension.
Christy Turlington, Liya Kebede and Toni Garrn are the faces of Lindex's Spring 2015 campaign. The Scandinavian brand, which opened its first UK store in Westfield Stratford, London, on March 27, has also brought in 22-year-old German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopia-born Liya Kebede, 37. The models have been selected thanks to their work doing good things outside of the fashion world.
Prince William and Prince Harry once tried to get their personal chef to cook them pizza by forging a note to him. Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food. William and Harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional English food so wanted a change.
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea as an alternative to the conventional systems of transporting goods by road. The plan, called the Mole Urban project, aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres, where they would be collected. The proposal, would see the driverless capsules propelled by a magnetic wave produced by linear induction motors. A track has already been constructed in Northampton to test the capsules with data being collected on commercial and environmental influences.
Kate Middleton lookalike Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, wishes the Duchess of Cambridge would 'change her hair for once' - suggesting she opt for a bob style. She often does jobs with a Prince William and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple. She said of the Duchess, who is expecting her second child: 'Kate's just too frumpy for her age. I'd love her to get something more fashionable like a bob.'
Britain's obsession with home ownership could be hindering the nation's economic recovery, a leading global watchdog has said. Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund. The UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal – lumping Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis.
'He should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing my dad,' Aidan Fraley said of Robert Bates. The 16-year-old told NBC he believes everyone on the Tulsa force is to blame for the April 2 death of his father Eric Harris and says 'they should all go down.'.
Len McCluskey and Unite are a potent, sinister force in British politics. Out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in South Wales, the trade union firebrand's manner was as warm as the weather. 'Didn't you once call me a slab-faced Marxist?' the famously militant leader of Unite asked me with a grin that was more genial than menacing.
Norma Esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify, said from the stand that her ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, now 45, was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out Gonzalo Ramirez at the bar where she met him. Van is now charged with the murder of Ramirez.
Honest app lets you talk through your problems with total strangers. Newly launched app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. So now you can ask those taboo questions without blushing.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe pictured smoking shisha pipes in London bar. The pictures, believed to have been taken in a London bar earlier this season, show the young stars sat together and both are holding a shisha pipe. Casually dressed, the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with fizzy Fanta orange and a portable music speaker.
Transgender model Andreja Pejic reveals she was told she would no longer seem'special'. The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star, who appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue, told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl. 'There was definitely a lot of, "Oh, you’re going to lose what’s special about you."
Burger Burger King will be paying the expenses and providing gifts for the wedding of an Illinois couple after Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday. The burger chain contacted the newly-engaged couple via Skype and gave them the good news.
David Cameron narrowly wins battle for floating voters. David Cameron is narrowly winning the battle for voters, according to a major poll out today. The ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the Prime Minister than that of Ed Miliband during the Election campaign.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels. The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor.
Law professor Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs.' However, when recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'. A respected law professor from Philadelphia is being investigated after allegedly emailing students a link to pornographic footage.
Church of Scientology, Woolworths, and online sites Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble are among those banned from using Anzac brand. An Anzac-branded port, an educational app for iPhones called ANZAPP and medallions with the word Anzac on them were among the list of denied products. Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate. The church used the brand in an attempt to raise $10,000 worth of donations to open new centre in Auckland in New Zealand.
Four teenagers caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window. The gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30am on January 12. CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall, West Midlands, and dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows.
New Jersey woman rescued from overturned car as it catches fire. A New Jersey woman is lucky to be alive after being rescued from her overturned vehicle just as it started to catch fire. Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area. When officers Mark Ehrenberg and Ricky Ferriola arrived on scene, smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down. The vehicle's horn was honking but when
Monster 50-foot sperm whale found washed ashore in California is attracting dozens of camera-wielding tourists. The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday. On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died.
Jessica Silva has spoken out about the horrific moment she stabbed him with a kitchen knife and has begged his father to forgive her. Jessica Silva's ex partner, James Polkinghorne sent her a text message threatening to 'cave her f***ing head in' and 'bash the f***' out of her before arriving at her Marrickville home fuelled on 'ice' on Mothers Day in 2012. Fearing for her life, Ms Silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said, 'Mum, the psycho is coming.'
The world's largest cattle station is for sale, and it's larger than Israel. The world’s largest cattle farm is Anna Creek Station in South Australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. The eleven cattle farms are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co.
Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed's son Waheed Ahmed held at Birmingham Airport after returning from Turkey. The remaining family members allegedly caught trying to sneak into Syria with the son of a Labour councillor have been arrested after being brought back to the UK from Turkey. Two women aged 47 and 22, and two men aged 24 and 22 were held at Manchester Airport in the early hours of this morning.
Mother's Day: Michelle Obama and Marian Robinson enjoy a mother-daughter bonding lunch in New York City. The First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief', Marian Robinson, were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street in Greenwich Village. Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the 'Chef's Roman Tasting Menu'.
A man who allegedly killed three men while they slept outside and shot a woman on her way home from dinner originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with 'bloodlust,' according to a statement filed in court. Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur.
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger speak out against coroner's report blaming midwife for baby's death. A coroner found that the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth in 2012 was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby. But in a move many people would find extraordinary, the couple refuses to blame her, and are in fact is defending her actions.
Tipu Sultan was gunned down shortly before 10pm last night at the back of the Herbs n Spice takeaway that he ran in South Shields. Emergency services found Mr Sultan, who lived in Sunderland, but was originally from Bangladesh with a gunshot wound and he was pronounced dead at the scene.
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London for a £1.8million fraud when he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court'. Moore's escape only became apparent three days later when his solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him and discovered he was gone.
United Launch Alliance unveils radical plans for reusable rocket named 'Vulcan'. Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres. The company appears to have timed the announcement to overshadow SpaceX' launch of Falcon 9.
Second children are left with hand-me-downs, and around £500 less spent on them in their first year of life. Second children have to put up with having fewer new clothes bought for then as well as having a poorer record of their upbringing, with noticeably fewer photos and home movies taken of their young life. The new Royal baby may be about to force Prince George to share the Royal spotlight, but most second borns in the family have every reason to feel hard done by, the research shows.
Cassandra Cassidy had been stopped outside the addiction recovery centre where she worked shortly after 10pm on Friday by two females 'afraid of males in a car', police have said. The fashion design student was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women, and died in hospital shortly afterwards.
Kim Sears watches Andy Murray lose to Novak Djokovic at Miami Open. Kim Sears wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on April 11. The bride-to-be was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray in the men's final at the Miami Open, in an outfit almost identical to two others she wore during the tournament.
'monster' pedophile sentenced to up to 50 years in prison for molesting at least seven girls. James Tingley, 70, was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period. His crimes span a period of 50 years. 'The only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet.'
University of Kentucky fans arrested after losing to Wisconsin Badgers. More than 30 drunk and disorderly Kentucky Wildcats fans were arrested near the school's Lexington campus Saturday night after the previously undefeated team was kicked out of the NCAA tournament. The Wildcats faced off against the University of Wisconsin in Saturday night's semi-final game, breaking their winning streak with a 71-64 loss.
How to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget or even get paid to do it. All it takes is a few sacrifices, hard work, commitment and an outgoing personality.
Gareth Huw Davies' guide to Sri Lanka. Sri Lanka, with its shimmering sandy beaches, enthralling wildlife and relics of ancient civilisations, is high on lists of places to visit in 2015. The holiday industry is recovering, and expanding with a crop of smart new hotels, after the dual torment of a tsunami and a bitter civil war.
Alistair Mach murder: Fundraising page set up to support grieving family of murdered four-year-old. Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Albanvale home in western Melbourne last Tuesday. Hours earlier her grandson, 4, was 18 times as he slept in his bed.
BBC Radio 3 controller Alan Davey has branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result. Mr Davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job in an interview on Radio 4's Feedback programme.
KeKeir Starmer was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt' into tabloid journalists. Starting with dawn raids on suspects' homes, mass arrests and long periods of bail, it ended in not guilty verdicts.
Police dashcam video shows Arizona cop speeding down a road, mounting a sidewalk and smashing into an alleged armed robber in a supposed bid to capture him. In the two videos, Mario Valencia is captured walking along a street in Marana, northwest of Tucson, carrying what appears to be a rifle. He points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out.
Texas bans 'offensive' personalized license plate. Authorities in Texas have banned a seemingly-innocent personalized number plate after three years attached to a swish Lamborghini. Now its Houston owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate '370H55V'.
South Carolina dog rescued from cockfighting bust gives birth to ten pups. April Morris of Bennettsville thought she'd never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013. Months of searching and a $500 cash reward proved fruitless.
Angela Merkel and her husband, chemistry professor Joachim Sauer, spend Easter holiday in Italy. The Chancellor and her spouse have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples in the Mediterranean for over a decade. The couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on the south of the island.
Polo club with Prince Charles as its first member loses legal battle with Hollywood fashion firm. The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club has quickly become one of Britain's most elite sporting venues since The Prince of Wales joined when it was founded in 1982. It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry.
Woman runs over and kills her husband after he climbs out of her car and she reverses. Driver Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in the city of Fuzhou, in Fujian province, south east China. Thinking his wife had stopped, Mr Song walked around and stood behind the vehicle just as she reversed, knocking him to the ground.
Half of voters agree with Ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free HIV treatment, a poll suggests. Just over half (54 per cent) are foreign born, but most of them are thought to have been infected whilst living in the UK.
Brit Brits spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe, according to a new survey. The research into the rise of the 'insta-wardrobe', which polled 2,000 adults, revealed nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in the same outfit.
Miss BumBum runner-up Claudia Alende blasts Indianara Carvalho after she posts naked image of the Virgin Mary for Easter. Ms Alende, 21, who came second in last year's beauty pageant, launched a scathing attack on current title-holder Indianara Carvalho, claiming the model had'revealed who she truly is'. Miss Alende claims the publicity stunt is already backfiring - and called on Brazilians to boycott her.
Charles Collins, 28, sprang into action at the metro station in central Philadelphia when elderly Alfred McNamee lost his footing and fell onto the rails. Surveillance footage of the dramatic incident shows Collins, who was walking ahead of the elderly man, turn round when he hears him fall. He walks to the edge of the platform of the Septa (Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority) subway's 15th Street station, jumps down and helps him to escape.
Dental clinic manager Valbona Yzeiraj arrested on charges she posed as an actual dentist and even pulled patients' teeth. Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients’ teeth. She claimed to have dental training in her native Albania but authorities said she had no license in the U.S.
Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father remains unable to move or talk two weeks after the family became sick from possible pesticide exposure during a vacation on the US Virgin Islands, officials say. Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John.
Exercise can increase grey matter in the brain, increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination, according to Health Day news. The changes may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing the risk of falling, said the study's author, Dr Urho Kujala, of the University of Jyvaskyla. The study was published in the journal Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise. It comes after US researchers found regular exercise can also make you smarter.
Budgeting tips for brides-to-be. From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips. Scroll down for video.
Jeremy Clarkson is set to appear on the BBC again just weeks after he was sacked from Top Gear for punching a producer. The TV host will appear as a guest presenter on satirical panel show Have I Got News For You later this month.
Giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator caught in Texas backyard pond. It could be a scene from Crocodile Dundee - although in lieu of the iconic croc-tooth cowboy hat there's a baseball cap instead. Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a gator from a family's backyard pond. He appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away.
Michelle Obama likes to keep a busy schedule and Wednesday was no exception as the first lady managed to effortlessly combine an event with school children during the afternoon and a black tie event in the evening. The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy.
Luxury ski company Bramble Ski creates private ice bar for guests. A comfy chalet and snow-covered pistes make for a good skiing holiday for most people. But some like to add a few extra luxury touches to their trips to perfect them.
Young designer Khim Hang is the youngest designer to ever show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The 22-year-old designer displayed his bold collection HAN with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers. And that's exactly where he takes his inspiration from, citing his parents' escape from the Khmer Rouge as the key reason for his commitment to looking after workers in his family's home country, and ethically producing his products. 'I've recently been doing a lot of travel back to where my family's from in Cambodia and I just recently opened up
Manchester City fans filmed singing Munich Air Disaster song outside Old Trafford. Video footage has emerged which appears to show Manchester City supporters singing a vile song about the 1958 tragedy in which 23 people died including Manchester United players. The clip, uploaded to YouTube, looks to have been taken after Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2.
Man loses 70lbs so he can donate his kidney to his wife. PJ Spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife Tracy, who was told her life-long battle with Lupus would kill her if she didn't get a transplant. The waiting list is seven years long.
Jerusalem is a city that conjures up a sense of the holy, the historical and heavenly. The biblical city has been a magnet for pilgrims devoted to several of the world's faiths and religions.
Poll Polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead – threatening to all but wipe out Labour north of the border. But Ed Miliband yesterday refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the SNP if its MPs hold the balance of power for the first time.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship. The British photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up.
Johnny Manziel's girlfriend Colleen Crowley refuses to give up on going out and enjoying herself now her boyfriend is out of rehab. The party-loving girlfriend of footballer Johnny Manziel has come under fire on social media for refusing to go out and enjoy herself with her boyfriend while he is in rehab. Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night days after leaving rehab. On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends.
Royal Dutch Shell to buy British Gas for £47bn. Hundreds of thousands of people who bought British Gas shares in the 1980s are in line for a windfall after their investment soared in value last night. Last night shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p.
Teacher's husband cooks her enough food to last for a year before he returns home. The woman, named only as Ms Zhao, lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks. Husband Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir-fried dishes.
Fast-moving wildfire in Southern California forces 300 homes to flee in the middle of the night. The raging blaze, reported shortly after 6pm Saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove. The fire along the border of cities Norco and Corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles, resulted in hundreds of people to being told to evacuate the are area over the weekend.
Nathan Baggaley taken back into custody after allegedly assaulting police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival. Former Kayak world champion and two-time Olympic medalist has been taken into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer. The 39-year-old was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder.
Pippa Middleton steps out in a chic ensemble in London. The 31-year-old sister of the Duchess of Cambridge looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of London on Thursday. She's been spotted previously wearing at least four different variations on their signature pointed flat design.
Tia Sharp's killer's house where she was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered has finally been wiped off the map. The two-bedroomed terraced house - Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon south London - was bulldozed in June 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties. In its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map.
Aubrey de Grey says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured'. A charismatic Harrow School and Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist, firmly believes there is no reason, with the right 'therapies', why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age. It sounds bonkers but de Grey's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley.
Israeli Jews stand in silence as sirens wail across the country marking Holocaust memorial day and 70 years since the liberation of the Nazi death camps. Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial, parliament and elsewhere.
Baby girl, ten weeks old, badly disfigured in dog attack at home after her parents left her by herself while they worked in nearby fields. Ten-week-old Qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China, following emergency surgery to repair her mauled face. Her mother told the People's Daily Online: 'We left after our baby girl fell asleep. Who knew this would happen?'
Flashgap app shares drunken antics with your friends. After a night of drinking there may be parts of an evening you forget - or moments you wish you could erase from your memory. But now there's an app that not only fills in these gaps in memory, it shares evidence of your drunken antics.
Would you feel better about gauging on junk food if it were dressed up like a gourmet feast? That's the question followers of a clever new Instagram account are asking themselves, after taking a harder look at the deceiving dishes being served up online.
New York judge grants chimpanzees the same rights as human prisoners. The two primates, currently living in a lab at Stony Brook University, are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus, allowing their detention to be challenged. A representative of the Long Island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was stood near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston reading a text message, when she was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig. The culprit Jordan Goode, also aged 20, had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly.
Woman Woman left 'unable to smile' after stranger smashed down her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam. Chloe Knapton, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, had to be rushed to Leeds General Infirmary where she underwent surgery.
Ex Ex-Bolton Wanderers striker Delroy Facey, 34, is alleged to have become involved in the 'ugly side' of his sport by acting as a middleman for two men who have already been convicted of match-fixing. Facey (pictured), who also played for West Bromwich Albion and Hull City, denies conspiracy to commit bribery and is standing trial at Birmingham Crown Court alongside former non-league player Moses Swaibu, who also denies the charges.
400 migrants killed after boat capsizes off Libya. At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after their boat capsized, it emerged tonight. Charity Save the Children said the capsized boat, carrying about 550 people, flipped over around 24 hours after leaving the Libyan coast.
Man in Army uniform is caught on video in Florida bar brawl. Eric Coins, who was drinking in the city of Sunrise posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform'. A man believed to be impersonating as an Army Infantry is captured in an emotionally-charged video with two men angry that he appears to be a phony in uniform without a name tape.
Mother who almost lost her son to flesh-eating virus after he was born so early they spent two months in intensive care. Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy, and doctors feared the worst. Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks.
Texas father accused of shooting dead his 22-year-old son for coming to the defense of his mother during a heated domestic argument. Harris County Sheriff's officials say Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, gunned down his son after showing up at the family's home in Katy with his mistress in tow. Deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9am on Tuesday.
How to make life easier for them and their loved ones. Looking after someone with dementia can stretch people to their limits.
Christopher Eccleston quits Doctor Who after falling out with show bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent. The 51-year-old actor, who grew up in Manchester, played the Doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the show's revival in 2005. He proved a huge hit with fans, but only stayed for one run.
Dog walker uses nail clippers to free kidnapped woman from handcuffs. The 27-year-old sex trade worker emerged from a home in Toronto, Canada, bound by handcuffs, badly bruised and naked from the waist down begging for help. Peter Hamilton heard her cries as he was passing by.
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa was pictured with his arm around the boy - seemingly oblivious to the message on the shirt and the large arrow that was pointing in his direction. The casually-dressed 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent English - but seemingly failed to pick up the meaning of the T-shirt.
Hatton Garden raid may have been carried out just two years earlier in Berlin. In a case which has strikingly similar traits to the £60m heist in London, thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013. The gang, who fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, have never been found.
Dmitri Kovtun insisted that he was not involved in Mr Litvinenko's death and suggested that he had poisoned himself without knowing it. The suspect, a former KGB agent, has agreed to give evidence at the inquiry as long as he is given the right to examine secret evidence put forward by the police.
Cheetah exhibit at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. The toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell into the pit on Saturday around 3pm.
Gian Gianna Toboni went undercover to meet with an agent in India who offered to get her a baby in two to three months. But the heartbreak did not end there.
Married dentist forced nurse to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her. Colin Cromie told Xara Grogan, 29, they should jet to Barcelona for a break and claimed they were both stuck with the wrong partner. But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening. A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday. An arrest warrant alleges that his wife, Ashely Griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle.'
Nurse Victorino Chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time and denied he tampered with saline bags and ampoules at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport in order to kill and injure people he was caring for. Chua denies murdering patients Tracey Arden, 44, Arnold Lancaster, 71 and Derek Weaver, 83, and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012.
Sue Perkins leaves Twitter after receiving death threats. The Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter after men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming the bookmakers' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. Last week, a flurry of bets placed on Perkins propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position, according to bookmakers Coral.
Abandoned 19th century Victorian asylum to be transformed into 102 apartments. Shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed St George's County Asylum where patients were restrained by means of 'the leather muff,' 'iron handcuffs' and'restraint chair'. There are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis.
1,700 Chinese students take exam in their school's playground because they could not fit inside. The freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open. The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space - and added that it could be a test of the students' organizing capacity.
Woman, 78, uses her own detective work to track down burglar who stole her jewellery. Nina Anderson searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, Hampshire, after gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom as she watched television. Her actions, which echo those of Agatha Christie character Miss Marple, led to the arrest of burglar Martin Campbell, who has now been jailed for three years.
1-year-old girl shot in the head as she sat in car with her parents. Baby Malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around 4.30pm Thursday, Kent police spokeswoman Melanie Robinson said. Robinson said the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire, then drove off.
Ed Balls dismisses Labour note admitting the party blew the nation's finances as a joke. Ed Balls has been accused of treating the public with 'contempt' after dismissing as a 'joke' the infamous Labour note. The shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the Treasury by the former Labour minister Liam Byrne in 2010, was just a jokey note. Mr Byrne's glib note to his successor as Treasury Secretary stated: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money.
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges. According to a news release from the Sacramento Police Department, Porche was arrested on Saturday after the suspect's friend and neighbors reported seeing Wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match. The girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds.
Europe urged to follow Australia's'stop the boats' policy to avoid tragedies in the Mediterranean. Europe has been urged to copy Australia's military-led'stop the boats' policy to avoid migrant tragedies in the Mediterranean. Australian PM Tony Abbott – who sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach Australia – said the EU should follow his lead.
Geordie Shore's Charlotte Crosby is 'far to skinny!'. As Charlotte Cosby showed off her super-slim figure in a new Instagram photo, many of her fans balked at her now tiny frame. Charlotte Crosby has lost over two and a half stone, but the reality TV star has come under fire for this picture.
Cheesy slogans such as ‘reach for the stars’ could be detrimental to pupils, it has been claimed. Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms.
Gold Coast personal trainer Ashy Bines apologises for $49,500 program. It was a 'once in a lifetime' opportunity to work with one of Australia's most well-known personal trainers. But followers of Gold Coast training queen Ashy Bines were shocked to receive an email on Saturday advertising one of her exclusive programs for an eye-popping $US49,000 per year.
Father of 6-year-old girl whose teeth were so rotten her life was endangered pleads guilty. Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, of Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment after his daughter's teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition. A dentist had testified the girl's 20 teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health.
Cigarette-smoking teenagers hit a new low last year as youngsters turn to e-cigarettes instead, a study has revealed. Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before. But smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent.
Bobby Flay offers Stephanie March $5,000 a month to move out of $8m marital home. According to TMZ, the prenup between the Food Network star and the Law And Order: SVU actress provides her with the relatively modest sum for five years. The report also claims that the chef buy her out of the $8million marital home for just $1million - with an extra $50,000 to pack and move her stuff.
Alligator eats 100-pound dog at Alabama park. Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip, the man's brother, Chris Wilson, told WWLP. She was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water. An alligator reportedly attacked and ate a dog at an Alabama park in early April.
Teenager beaten up by paedophile hunters who tricked him into believing he was meeting an underage girl in church car park. The 19-year-old thought he was met by a 14-year old girl he had spoken to on on the internet in Atherton - but when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile. He escaped the attack and went to the police to report the assault.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday around 9am, said Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn. Since Tuesday, police were looking for Chiles (pictured) in connection to the killing 40-year-old Archie Brown Jr (left) and his nephew (right) in a car accident in Milwaukee, Wilconsin on Sunday. He later died at a hospital.
Photos show Bristol's historic city centre in the 19th century. Taken at the dawn of photography, these unique pictures are some of the first ever taken of the city of Bristol, nearly 100 years before much of its historic centre was destroyed by Nazi bombing. Everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church can be seen in the shots, as well as The Fourteen Stars Tavern building which was pulled down in 1857. It became part of the site for The Bristol Brewery Georges before that was closed in 1999 and later turned into a block of flats.
The 78 Irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council. And locals in Hardhorn, Lancashire, accused the group of trashing their leafy village - and branded them the 'neighbours from hell'.
Apple has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million). LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology.
Liya Kebede becomes first black woman to grace Vogue cover in five years. The 39-year-old Ethiopian-born stunner fronts Vogue Paris's upcoming May issue. She rocked a color block geometric print jumpsuit from Dior's spring couture line.
Sophie English was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family. There has been very little information to help Ms English find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up.
Sarah Silverman was forced to apologize after she was caught exaggerating a story about being paid less than a man for a gig - to highlight the gender pay gap. The comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the New York Comedy Club, for a piece she recorded a wage-discrimination-activism video for Levo League.
Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian charged with espionage and collaborating with 'hostile governments' in Iran. The charges against the 39-year-old journalist had been shrouded in secrecy until now in what has become a politically sensitive case that has parallelled with high-level nuclear talks between Iran and global powers, including the United States. Monday, his lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces, in a decision branded absurd by the White House and the newspaper.
Brave Finley Lamb, five, from Wallasey, Merseyside, was diagnosed with PVNH when he was two years old. It left him unable to walk and talk, and with a 90 per cent chance of developing Epilepsy.
Ed Ed Miliband launches furious attack on David Cameron and other EU leaders for leaving refugees to drown by stopping search and rescue missions in the Mediterranean. The Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa in the hope of making it to Europe.
Goblin Valley State Park in Utah's San Rafael desert is a geologist's dream. The 'goblins' are scientifically known as 'hoodoos' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion. But rather than frightening visitors, they are gnarly rock formations which have been created by gradual erosion of Entrada sandstone over millions of years.
Brothel at centre of Australia's first ever sex slavery case goes on sale in Melbourne. A notorious brothel at the centre of the sex slavery scandal in Melbourne has gone on sale for $1.3 million. The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang, who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves. The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room.
Man dressed as Cookie Monster arrested in Times Square. Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl outside a Toys R Us store as she was shown round with her tour group. However he was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was Perez.
Coco Chanel's secret love nest of the Duke of Westminster goes on the market for £3m. The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings. It was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by Hugh 'Bendor' Grosvenor, the Duke. The house has not been lived in for more than 60 years and is now in a dilapidated state.
Church preacher arrested on suspicion of murdering his pregnant British wife in Ghana. The body of Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days. Her husband, Eric Isaiah Aduah, a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher, was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died.
Two-year-old boy found dead in runoff pond. Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio. His parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6pm.
The cost of divorce can wreck retirement many years after the break-up of a marriage, according to research. It means an extra £2,100 a year – £17,800 rather than £15,700 – to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married. It also found that one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles. People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague.
Number of female genital cosmetic operations on the NHS rises five-fold in a decade. Labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ‘lips’ of the vagina - have risen fivefold in the past decade, with more than 2,000 operations performed in 2010. And the trend is reflected in Australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period.
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million, and has topped the list of America's richest streets, compiled by Zillow The area's tiny population of 86 includes four of America’s top 500 richest people, according to Forbes. They are activist investor Carl Icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson.
Montana ghost town Garnet set to boom as tourist stop. The tiny Montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later. While the town has since been restored, it remains empty, and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents.
Kim Kardashian reveals her daily diet. Global megastar Kim Kardashian has lifted the lid on what exactly she eats to keep her curvaceous figure in tip-top condition. Harpers Bazaar magazine has published an extract from the star's book Selfish revealing what she dines on each day.
Hannah Overton, 37, wiped back tears as she, along with her husband Larry and five children, celebrated news that after having her conviction overturned for poisoning her son, Andrew Burd, with an overdose of salt, prosecutors have dropped all charges against her and will no longer be looking into her case. Throughout her incarceration, her family stood by her and protested her innocence, but Nueces County district attorney Mark Skurka had said shortly after she was released that he would push again for capital murder charges.
Britain’s Got Talent’ producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series. Around 30 Newtown High School pupils aged 11 to 18 sang and played instruments for producers during preliminary auditions after getting permission from their parents.
DIY boat used by pair of fisherman, who had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew. It was a fishing trip with a very big catch – namely the £9 homemade rowing boat in which the two anglers ventured out on to the open sea. Built with discarded scraps from house conversions including loft insulation board and polystyrene, it was glued together with silicone sealant. Amazingly, the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish.
Christy Turlington Burns says childbirth was her toughest challenge yet. The former supermodel, who's gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April, told Red Magazine that giving birth has been her toughest physical challenge. And Christy, who suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace, now 11, said today she's feeling'stronger and healthier' than ever.
Obese man loses over 300lbs without weight loss surgery. For years, Iowa-based writer Daniel P. Finney, 39, ignored that at 563lbs he was severely overweight - even shrugging off strangers who called him 'fatty' as he walked down the street. But after a series of health issues, the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for The Des Moines Register.
Nick Clegg vows to block Tories imposing deep welfare cuts as the price of any future Coalition deal. The Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow the Lib Dems to prop David Cameron up in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from the benefits bill. In an interview on the BBC, Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the Tories agreed new taxes on the rich.
Gisele Bundchen walks for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week. She became a model at the tender age of 14. And after achieving global success as one of the world's most famous supermodels, Gisele Bundchen took one last strut down the catwalk on Wednesday.
FBI have recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $5 million armored truck robbery in North Carolina last month. Investigators say the location the bar was found - somewhere in South Florida - has provided them with a big break in the case. 'This confirms that there is a South Florida nexus to this,' Justin E. Fleck, supervisory special agent of the squad leading the investigation, told ABC News.
England captain Leah Williamson scores again as she scores penalty against Norway. Leah Williamson stood up, a player for Arsenal Ladies but virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football. Not anymore. She rode the storm and tucked it away for 2-2 and a place in the European Championships this summer.
Father-of-eight caught with 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer and mobile claims he was framed by the Illuminati. Police raided Alan Greaves's home in Colne, Lancashire in September 2013 where they found the disturbing images on a digital storage device. Forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category, with a further 872 at the next level.
Kelly Ayotte aide David Wihby resigns after he was arrested for soliciting prostitute. A senior aide to US Senator Kelly Ayotte (pictured) has resigned after he was arrested for allegedly soliciting a prostitute, the senator's office said. David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday, according to Ayotte's office.
Rita Ora's hairstylist reveals how much work she puts into her blonde locks. Chris Appleton, who has been working with natural brunette Rita, 24, for the past two years, confessed to Daily Mail Online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and'maintenance'. 'We have to color the hair every three weeks,' he explained.
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift preparing meals at the lunch club at Coningsby Community Hall in Lincolnshire. The 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning, just days after her husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million.
£34m worth of silver coins found buried in the ocean floor at a record depth of 17,000ft. The SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena, taking 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean. It was long assumed that the vessel's cargo, belonging to the UK Treasury, would be lost forever such was the complexity of the task facing salvage experts.
At least 34 people were arrested after hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality. The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police.
Wall Street banker raped Irish student in 'disgusting, violent attack' because he was determined to have sex on his birthday. Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear. The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a 'hysterical' state she was unable to talk. Lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was 'no big deal'.
Students who smoke cannabis can expect to get lower grades across the board but especially if they are studying maths, a new study has revealed. Students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses.
The ultimate supercar sales pitch? Can I sell you a car for your wife as well as your girlfriend?. A new Channel 4 series shines a light on the UK's billion-pound supercar industry, where some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year.
Greville Janner: The Labour peer who is not fit to stand trial despite 'credible evidence'. Veteran peer Lord Janner, 86, has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes and is now not fit for trial despite ‘credible’ evidence. But the evidence will never be tested in court after Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, ruled that it was not in the public interest to put the Labour peer on trial because of his age and ill health. A veteran Labour peer has been cleared of abusing young boys in his care.
Teenager uses shot glass to pump up her lips to ridiculous proportions. Violeta Tupuola, who lives near Canberra and already has naturally beautiful voluptuous lips, has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media of placing the opening of any narrow vessel over their mouth and sucking in until the vacuum of air causes their lips to excessively swell. In an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout, Violeta got the shock of her life when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck.
Little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Mack, 19, who allegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in a plush Bali hotel last August before stuffing her body in a suitcase, together with her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21. While Stella was being looked after by a friend outside the court today, a blanket fell away, revealing the child's face to the world for the first time.
Scientists plan to drill 5,000 feet (1,500 meters) below the surface of the Chicxulub crater in Mexico to try and answer the question of how the dinosaurs died out. The core they hope to retrieve will allow them to look back in time 10 million to 15 million years into the past. It could help uncover exactly what happened to create the crater - and if it killed off the dinosaurs. When the six-mile-wide (10km) asteroid hit what is now Mexico approximately 66 million years ago, dinosaurs were experiencing environmental upheaval, which left them vulnerable.
Natasha Hope-Simpson: Nova Scotia woman who has a prosthetic leg gets angry note for parking in a handicap space. Despite receiving weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking on her handicap permit, Natasha said she felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally. A woman from Nova Scotia may have started off on the wrong foot with someone who shares a parking lot with her. Despite receiving angry notes from people who thought she was lying about being handicapped, she turned it into an opportunity to create wearable art.
Chinese man's 17 girlfriends turn up to see him after car crash. A Chinese man recovering in hospital after a car crash had a shock - when all 17 of his girlfriends turned up to visit him. Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashes into tree, smashes bollard and narrowly misses a man who was walking his granddaughter home. The young man, who has not been identified, is said to have just laughed and told onlookers it did not matter the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would just ‘buy another one tomorrow’. Private security worker Martin Johnson, 46, said he narrowly missed being caught up in the crash in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire.
Man accuses rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him at gas station. The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday, according to Newark police spokesman Sgt. Ronald Glover.
Al Pacino offers die-hard fans the chance to fly on a private jet with him. The unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacino’s three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland. But the 74-year-old actor, who has made millions over an illustrious career spanning six decades, is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion.
Mercedes became sandwiched between two London buses following a four-vehicle pile-up in central London. Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in Goodge Street this morning.
Terminally-ill five-year-old dies just days after his parents get married at his hospital bedside. Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect and endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life. His greatest wish was for his parents Jemma, 21, and Craig, 28, to tie the knot, but despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold.
The eight-minute raid, which has been likened to a Mission Impossible film, took place at the Vintage Watch Store in Hampstead, North London, on Saturday at about 9pm. The thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store. He picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor ‘like a snake’ to avoid triggering infrared security beams. Wearing a dark hooded jacket, jeans and Nike trainers, the burglar stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up the shaft and escaping in a waiting 4x4
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland and the vessel was badly damaged. The 60-foot boat's captain Paul Murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat following the alarming incident. It is the second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine. Experts said Russian President Vladimir Putin's move to send planes capable of carrying cruise missiles so close to British shores could be seen as an act of aggression.
Man accused of raping woman in Manhattan bar lives in homeless shelter with 13 other sex offenders. Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders. The dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children.
Teacher Sharon Edwards missing for more than a month. While her students at Coutts Crossing Public School on the NSW north coast hold on to the hope the mother-of-three will turn up to school again one day, the police focus has shifted to treating the teacher's disappearance as a homicide. Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton, NSW.
Man caught on camera punching toddler in the face at California supermarket is arrested. A man caught on film by surveillance cameras allegedly hitting his three-year-old toddler at a supermarket in Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. The video posted to social media and shared thousands of times shows a boy running through Vest Market. The toddler is approached by a man believed to be his father who hits him in his face. The man then is then shown aggressively yanking up the toddler by his shirt.
Bobby Flay files for divorce from wife Stephanie March. Just one day after it was learned Bobby Flay had separated from his wife of 10 years, Law & Order: SVU star Stephanie March, the famous chef has filed for divorce. According to TMZ, the 50-year-old Food Network standout is 'heartbroken' about the split.
Three people arrested for being drunk and disorderly on a Ryanair plane that was about to leave Britain for the Algarve. A Ryanair flight took off without three booked passengers bound for Faro yesterday after they were arrested for drinking and disorderly. Two 49-year-old women and a 23-year old man were removed from the plane just before it left Bristol for the Portuguese city around 7pm yesterday (Thursday). Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions caused further delays.
Jam Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10 when two police officers working for the LAPD's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn. The LA Times reports that one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire.
Ohio parents of 2-year-old girl who starved to death indicted on aggravated murder charges. Hamilton County's prosecutor said that the grand jury indicted Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, on murder and child endangering charges in Glenara Bates' death. Prosecutor Joe Deters says the parents, both of Cincinnati, could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges.
CCTV image of woman who stole £60 from epileptic woman's handbag after she collapsed and suffered a violent fit. The female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes, leaving her in 'great distress'. Passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama, reaching into her handbag and stealing £60 cash. Officers said the CCTV showed a woman moving the victim's shopping trolley before leaving the market.
Doctor Who bosses fight plans to turn series into Hollywood blockbuster. The team behind Doctor Who is fighting plans by BBC boss Danny Cohen to turn the global hit series into a Hollywood blockbuster, leaked Sony emails have revealed. The director of television wants the long-running sci-fi series to be turned into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success.
Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London. He branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a 'time waster' and a liar.
Irish tourist Patrick Lyttle pleads guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. Barry Lyttle, 33, will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court where people could face up to 10 years for that offence. Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross.
Two kayakers die and another remains hospitalized in serious condition after storm overturns their boats during church trip. Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, were in the Dungeness Bay, where swells were as high as 3ft, for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the Coast Guard. Both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals.
Police were making their final security checks outside St. Mary's Hospital in Paddington today, as the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's second child approaches. With Kate's due date is just over three days away, officers were out in force, pulling lamp posts apart as they scoured the area for anything troubling.
Best mates vow to keep Aussie lingo alive by making memorabilia that encapsulates the fading vernacular. Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago in a bid to counter the influx of lingo from overseas. The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars.
High There! 'Tinder for marijuana users' goes global. For people that like their dating chilled out, an app that’s been dubbed ‘Tinder’ has just gone global. Called High There!, the app is officially described as the world's first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts.
Florence Nightingale desk lamp to be sold at auction. Dating back to around 1840, the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire, on June 26. It was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants.
Utah man shocked to discover his 'informal' meeting with Obama was actually with President. Last Friday, 26-year-old Lance Futch donned a white wrinkled polo shirt and drove to Hill Air Force Base in Utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy. Instead, Futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch, congressman Rob Bishop, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker - all of whom were wearing suits and ties.
Bronze Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska, and researchers believe the artefacts were created in China, Korea or Yakutia. Trade was taking place between East Asia and the New World hundreds of years before Christopher Columbus arrived in the area in 1492.
Las Vegas parents arrested after child's corpse found in car, baby impregnated by stepfather. Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found, North Las Vegas police said. They have been arrested and face child abuse charges.
Four sisters caught in the middle of a battle between their parents that spanned two continents have told their side of the story. More than three years ago Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home by their mother, which sparked an ugly dispute that included claims of kidnapping. Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia.
Photos show the trail of destruction a tornado inflicted on a small Illinois farming community. Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could. But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night. The tornado blew numerous vehicles from nearby interstates, and troopers helped rescue a trapped driver in an overturned semi-trailer.
Father Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton in an attempt to rescue his son Amer, who travelled to the Middle East in January last year. The 21-year-old has been fighting for the organisation Jabhat al-Nusra, a group affiliated with al-Qaeda, who are battling the Islamic State and Syrian forces.
Paratrooper who braved heavy Taliban fire to rescue wounded comrade receives Victoria Cross from the Queen. Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey, 27, from Hampshire, is the second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour – a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago. It is just the sixth time the Queen has given a VC to a living, British recipient during her reign.
Oregon lawmaker proposes uniform standards for hand dryers. The measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, that is about as loud as a school cafeteria.
Victoria Ayling, who is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby, made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at Ukip meetings. After saying it was because she had spent 'five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in Afghanistan', Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd, the leader of Ukip's North East Lincolnshire group, launched an investigation.
GoFundMe page for North Carolina toddler who drowned in a pool set up by his grandfather. Four-year-old Austin West passed away last Saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia. Austin's grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundme campaign to raise money to cover his grandson's final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name.
Police were called to the parked car in Surbiton, south-west London, at lunchtime yesterday and the baby was rescued after officer PC Resteghini smashed the car's window with his baton. The boy's mother frantically tried to open the door when the keys to her Range Rover were locked inside and the eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23C.
Jean-Marie Le Pen pulls out of regional elections. The family rift in France’s National Front deepened yesterday after founder Jean-Marie Le Pen pulled out of regional elections – but said his granddaughter should stand in his place. The 86-year-old's announcement came after he infuriated his daughter Marine, the far-right party's current leader, with a series of racist and anti-Semitic remarks last week.
Plus-size model Ashley Graham reveals she's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14. While many designers, some modelling agencies, and even Vogue magazine have pledged in recent years not to work with models under the age of 16, plus-size model Ashley Graham, 27, says she’s been working since well before that cut-off age - and in her underwear, no less. One of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign, the size 16 bombshell recently revealed to Yahoo Style that she's been stripping down to her skiv
Arctic foxes viciously fight to the death in battle to claim a lone Vixen. The savage animals tumbled down a snowy Iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle. Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera.
Army recruitment sergeant got teenage cadet pregnant after raping her. Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, on a military base in Croydon, south London, during the army interview and screening process.
California farmers accused of stealing water from Delta. As California struggles with a devastating drought, huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta — and the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations. A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents.
Mum demands $63.99 water table, $19.99 play tent and $7.99 Cheerios book for son's birthday. A mum has come under fire for sending out invitations to her son's first birthday in which she lists very specific requests for the boy - including some rather large and pricy gifts. She even goes as far as to require that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back.
Maurice Thibaux, 67, caused quite a stir at Sunday night's opening show at the Carriageworks in Eveleigh - in Sydney's inner city. The French native - who lives next door to the venue - crashed the stage to make a complaint about the noise, which he claims was'similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head'.
Josh Hamilton, 33, married his wife Katie in 2004. Katie, who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer, has a daughter from a previous relationship.
Fidel Castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year, his first since his country reached a landmark agreement with the US to reestablish ties. The state-run Cubadebate website says Castro greeted a group of Venezuelans visiting the capital of Havana.
Prince Charles and Duchess of Cornwall celebrate 10 years of marriage. Chatting happily and smiling during a peaceful walk in the grounds of their Scottish country home, they could be any long-married couple enjoying a stroll. But this is the Prince of Wales and the Duchess.
South Korean ferry sinking anniversary: Relatives of victims hold rally demanding government salvage sunken vessel. Relatives of the victims of a South Korean  ferry sinking that killed more than 300 people a year ago have held a rally demanding the government salvage the vessel. The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students. Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol after senior government officials said they would 'consider it.'.
Auto repair shop owner Brian Klawiter claims his religious views should allow him to refuse serving gay customers. The owner of an auto repair shop in Michigan has become the latest business owner to claim he is free to refuse service to gay customers because he considers homosexuality to be wrong. 'Homosexuality is wrong, period. If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works.'
Bodyguard who struggled to bond with autistic son has finally mended their relationship - by becoming his second mother. Until two years ago, 50-year-old Roxy Wallace was a bodyguard called Bob, who lived a reclusive life, plagued by depression.
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week. He was passionate about politics.
Viv Nicholson, who died on Saturday aged 79, and her £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools. Most people, when scooping a massive win on the pools or national lottery, might follow the advice of a grey-suited financial adviser and buy a good-sized house, a reasonably flash car, take a couple of nice holidays and then live off the income from what’s left. But the story of Viv Nicholson is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot.
Leeton home where Stephanie Scott's accused killer Vincent Stanford lived with his mother Anika and elder brother Luke. It looks like your typical outback fibro home, tin roof and all, but this property which is currently for sale is now at the centre of one of Australia's most chilling murder mysteries. For days now, detectives have swarmed over the three bedroom Leeton property where the accused killer, high school cleaner Vincent Stanford (pictured), 24, lived.
Father and 13-year-old daughter bashed and robbed by gang of 25 teenagers outside shopping centre. Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night when they were attacked. Vision of the disturbing attack showed him being dragged across the road by at least three young men.
JohnnyJohnny Manziel has been released from rehab. After checking into a facility on January 28 and stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammate,' the Cleveland Browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team.
Woman who got lost while running a marathon in Raleigh, North Carolina and ended up having to hitch a ride with the cops to get back on course wins race. Heidi Bretscher's troubles began around mile 17 of the Rock N' Roll Raleigh Marathon that took place earlier this month. The 28-year-old runner was so far ahead of the pack it wasn't clear to her which way she was meant to go.
Paul Tudor Jones II buys $71.2m Florida estate just two weeks after he gave a TED talk on inequality. The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access, as well as a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym. The hefty purchase came days after Jones, 60, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada in March.
Victims of Kincora children’s home abuse claim they were trafficked to London. Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters who were taken from the home in Belfast to London in the 1970s. Once in the capital, they were allegedly molested by politicians and other Establishment figures.
More than 100 exotic animals found stuffed in suitcase on flight from Indonesia to Russia. In the bag, carried in the hold of the aircraft, there were 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and even a suspected leopard cub. Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow.
Titanic deckchair to fetch £80,000 at auction. A 103-year-old deckchair recovered from the wreck of the Titanic is expected to fetch around £80k at auction. The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank after hitting an iceberg on its maiden voyage in 1912.
Tania Isbester's Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed but could be saved by a final High Court bid. A dog on death row will for the first time in history have its case heard in the High Court of Australia. The dog has been housed by the RSPCA since it was seized two years ago, sparking a lengthy legal battle.
Bob Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body. However, he says he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now that he has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple.
Teacher asks students to open up about their personal struggles on Twitter. Kyle Schwartz has been a teacher for three years, and says that many of her students at Doull Elementary School come from underprivileged backgrounds. Seeking to understand a bit more about their lives, Schwartz last month thought up a lesson plan called 'I wish my teacher knew...'.
Prince Harry takes part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin. As well as demonstrating his weapons handling and first aid skills, the 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Force's Tiger assault helicopter.
Edwardian England: Drunkards banned from every boozer in Birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine, riding a horse while drunk and being intoxicated to the point of 'complete incompetence'. They were all placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court, which upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction on Monday. As Jakarta waits on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date, the two Australian's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president's obligations on considering Clemency on Thursday - a process that could take several months.
Facial surgeon punched a patient in the face 'like a boxer' to fix his broken cheekbone. Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head, a medical hearing heard. The patient, known as Patient A, had come to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 after an industrial accident and been operated on by Prof Peckitt. But he required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital which displaced his cheekbone.
Lob Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, kicked off a Internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow'small screaming children' into its dining room. The Canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves'.
Judy Judy Murray was strictly on the sidelines. The former star of Strictly Come Dancing left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor.
Elderly couple forced to board up their windows because of constant anti-social behaviour. Charles Kingham, 86, and partner Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years and bought their home in the quiet Lincolnshire seaside resort of Mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987. They spent two years converting it into their dream home, but it became a 'living hell'.
Summer Elbardissy was partying at the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, last year when she reportedly tried to reach a makeshift roof deck. But instead of making it onto the deck, where students often gathered, she fell out of a third-story window, according to newly-released police reports.
Kim Kardashian removed from photo of her dining with Kanye West in Jerusalem. The 34-year-old reality TV star was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the Holy Land alongside her husband, rapper Kanye West, 37, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, on Monday. Following the outing, Mr Barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his Twitter page.
Apple will only accept online orders for Apple Watch. Apple has revealed it will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world. From tomorrow morning, customers will be able to preorder their watch online. Popular models might not be available right away if you're not among the first to order.
These are some of the most outrageous requests from superyacht owners and charter clients. One client wanted to have a huge party on a deserted island for 80 friends and family members, so a team of engineers had to be flown out to set up a stage and other amenities. Three 'A-list' musical acts were hired to perform at a private party that took four months to plan.
David Cameron's £5.8bn right-to-buy pledge blasted as 'deeply unfair' bribe. In a bold pitch to working class voters, the Prime Minister said the Tories would offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home. But the National Housing Federation said the subsidy - which will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties - was effectively worth £100,000 to each family who benefited.
Russell Henley received a lot of sympathy when United Airlines - the official carrier of the PGA - apparently 'lost' his clubs. He is not the only one to have had a less-than-ideal experience, with Kim Kardashian, Colleen Rooney and Maisie Williams joining the ranks of irritated travellers.
Marine Corps helicopter makes emergency landing on Southern California beach. The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of this northern San Diego County town shortly after 11:30am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit, Marine Corps Air Station Miramar said in a statement. The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores.
Ten injured in multi-vehicle crash in Brisbane's west. Ten people, including four children, have been involved in a multi-car crash on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. Three vehicles collided on the highway.
How the brain can remember 'neutral' or boring events more easily when they are tied to an emotion. From what we eat to what we see, we constantly take in details about our environment. And while there is no need to remember many of them, our brain has the remarkable ability to store information that seems inconsequential at the time in case it becomes useful later on. Given new and relevant information, human beings have the capacity to strengthen weak memories using emotions - and researchers have said this points to the adaptive nature of human memory.
Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn caddie for Par 3 Contest. The world's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course, often with their wives, girlfriends or kids as caddies, as part of the Par 3 contest. And it seemed that golf WAG and U.S. skier Lindsey vonn appeared to have opted out of the bland, white jumpsuit uniform.
More than 2,200 Walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs. Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone.
Survivors said the two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea. Hundreds of terrified women and children were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down.
These incredible photos are about as close to an adult version of Where's Wally as you can get. Blended into the background, these models are difficult to tell apart from their surroundings.
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research into the causes, shocking figures reveal. Just 11 per cent of research funding from he Government and charities into the UK’s leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia, research has found. The outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10 spent on the health and social needs of patients.
Doctor who ploughed into an elderly couple in a 50mph head on crash while rushing to work has escaped prosecution after the police officer investigating the case went off sick. Colin Kay captured the collision on a dashcam which showed how the Toyota Aygo driver veered across the road.
How to holiday like a millionaire without breaking the bank. Multi-million pound yachts, private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich. If you know where to look, how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals.
Dutch central bank official fired after being exposed as a Nazi-themed dominatrix. Conchita van der Waal had worked at the central bank of the Netherlands for eight years. However, for the past six of them, she has also been offering her sexual services at more than £300 an hour.
Tony Blair's 'deliverology' deal to sell theory to Colombia. The contract sets out in great detail Mr Blair's demands for confidentiality, and includes a requirement that his wife Cherie join him on trips to South America. Questions have also been raised about why the fees for the former Labour Prime Minister – who last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich' - are being paid by the United Arab Emirates, and not the Colombian government. Mr Blair last week defended earning money since leaving Downing Street, claiming it pays for the 'infrastructure' around him.
Scottish Nationalists threaten to paralyse UK government by blocking ‘any bit of spending’ they do not agree with. The SNP, forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more MPs, suggested it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the Trident nuclear defence programme. Senior Conservatives warned that the SNP’s threat to veto public spending across entire departments unless it gets its way could even lead to a US-style government shutdown.
British Veterinary Association withdraws support for badger culls. The two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says the BVA. It concluded that the first two years of culling had not demonstrated conclusively that 'controlled shooting' of free-running badgers could be effective and humane.
NHS finances are so dire that patients could soon be forced to pay to use basic services such as GPs, doctors leaders warned last night. Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, the doctors’ union, said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges. All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use.
Britain's Darkest Taboos. Eight years after their son was brutally murdered by the man he loved, Sue and Charlie MacDonald are still wondering what they could have done differently to prevent his death. The couple raised Gareth and his three brothers in the tiny isolated welsh village of Rhewl-Mostyn and now regret that they didn't teach him to be more'streetwise.'
Prince Harry's former girlfriend Chelsy Davy steps out in a sophisticated summer outfit. The 29-year-old was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte, at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden.
'Uber for weed' app lets users schedule a delivery of drugs to their door. The Californian start-up, called Eaze, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can ‘find the perfect medicine’ in more states. The app enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver – providing they live in one of the US states where the drug is legal. Today it's the norm to order taxis using an app, but now a service lets its users schedule an Uber for weed.
Italian ice cream man chased rival in his van and punched him through the driver's window. Mario Bretti, 64, was chased by his younger rival Andrea Trunfio over an argument over a disputed site. A court heard how the pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site in Swindon.
Giant Giant turnip weighing 33lbs and measuring 4ft long across has been grown in China's Yunnan Province. The monster vegetable, which weighs more than a three-year-old child, is so big it had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown, The People's Daily Online reported. Mr Li, from Eshan in Yunnan, said he shocked with mammoth turnip which at 4ft (1.2m) long was the length of his flower bed.
David Cameron's campaign attacks on the SNP risk undermining the future of the United Kingdom, senior Conservative peer Lord Forsyth has claimed. The former Scottish Secretary said talking up the threat posed by the Scottish nationalists was'short-term and dangerous'..
Architect Adam Leheup, 34, allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman despite her shouting: 'No, no.' He met the woman on July 9, 2013 after arranging to meet on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app.
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, shot dead by her Marine veteran husband in Alabama doctor's office after he wrote a chilling Facebook post saying he was going to 'die today'. This is the 24-year-old mother who was allegedly shot dead after she ran into the surgery in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police'. Eric Heath Price, 25, allegedly shot her in the head. He then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff with around 40 police officers for several hours, authorities said.
Former Goldman Sachs managing director Jason Lee charged with raping woman he took home after celebrating his birthday. Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in the summer resort town of East Hampton. Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
Wolf Hall writer Hilary Mantel's second novel Bring Up The Bodies is renamed for the American stage. The bestselling author, who once pledged not to dumb down her work ahead of its BBC debut, has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for a run on Broadway. In preparation, the title of her second book Bring Up the Bodies has been ditched in favour of the simpler 'Wolf Hall II'.
Yaphank, Long Island was once home to a camp for Nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics. Nestled in eastern Long Island is a sleepy little town where the streets have cozy names like Oak and Park, names that hide a dark past: they once bore signs like Hitler and Goebbels Streets. The town, in the 1930s, appeared as a haven for Americans--most of them of German heritage--who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich.
Woman Woman loses half her body weight after being told she is too fat to ride on a fairground ride. Denise Fedyszyn, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb - and wore dress size 26 - when she was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters Anya and Isla.
Samantha Cameron looks every inch the First Lady of British politics in emerald green wrap dress. Samantha Cameron showcased another election campaign outfit this morning, firming up her position as the most stylish of the politician's partners. The Prime Minister's wife showed her support of UK business by sporting a thoroughly British outfit at the Conservative Party's manifesto launch in Swindon.
Oz Clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to 'oak age' wine in hours rather than years. The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour — a process that can take up to two years — in just a day or two. Who wouldn’t drink to that?
Harry Potter steam train service suspended after near collision. Services by West Coast Railways have been suspended following the incident on March 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal. According to reports, a 100mph collision between a steam excursion and a First Great Western high speed train was missed by barely a minute.
Gang rape leader Bilal Skaf attacked by fellow inmates at Goulburn Correctional Ccomplex in NSW. The leader of a gang that attacked young girls in Sydney's southwest has been attacked by three other inmates inside one of Australia's toughest prisons. Bilal (pictured) Skaf was one of 14 mostly Muslim Lebanese Australians who went on a four-week rampage of raping Australian women in Sydney in the lead-up to the 2000 Olympics.
Taxi driver, known as Salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in Jaipur on Friday evening. The man, from Todabhim in Karauli district of Rajasthan, is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman.
Michigan family left devastated after DNR officer shoots and kills their pet potbelly pig. Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi had Caesar for two years and were recently trying to teach him to an outside animal. When Caesar went missing from their home in Ispheming on the weekend, the family tried to find him.
Dozens of protesters were arrested on Thursday at the Mauna Kea site, a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess Poli'Ahu and a Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope in Hawaii. Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land.
Clegg calls paedophile MP a 'Labour politician'. Nick Clegg made a desperate bid to distance his party from allegations about Cyril Smith yesterday by calling the paedophile MP a ‘Labour politician’. He claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the Liberal Democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys.
Anglican Archbishop Phillip Aspinall backs calls for gay panic defence to be scrapped. Brisbane's Anglican archbishop has joined a local Catholic priest in calling for Queensland's controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence. The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence. 'I don't think it's reasonable to murder someone who approaches you sexually. Violence is never a constructive response.'
Size six woman who was determined to keep in shape during pregnancy revealed she exercised twice a day and ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day. Yulia Tarbath, 33, who is originally from Surrey but moved to Bali with her husband Paul in 2009, led a raw vegan diet - consisting of massive quantities of fruit, vegetables and juice, as well as hours of running, cycling and lifting weights. The mother-of-one revealed she gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy - and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight
It's not just your imagination: most American teenagers are online or on their smartphones every day, and many are almost continually connected. A Pew Research Center survey found that 92 percent of US teens go online daily - and 25% admit they are online constantly.
GoogleGoogle has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice. Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google'.
Florida couple locked two of their children in a closet for days on end, forced them to eat from a bucket and never enrolled them in school, according to authorities. Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44 from Riviera Beach, also allegedly never took either of the children, a 17-year-old boy and a 12-year old girl, to a doctor or dentist.
Savannah Guthrie's eight-month-old daughter Vale giggled with glee when her mom tried to get her to sleep using tissue paper. But Savannah soon learned that the trick didn't have a calming effect on her energetic infant.
Drag queen who was friends with Robert Durst reveals how fascinated he was with wigs and make-up. The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s. Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, told Click 2 Houston that when he met Durst he was pretending to be a deaf, mute woman.
NorthNorth Sea cod stocks are bouncing back after being heavily overfished for decades and could even be sustainable in five years, new research has found. The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern European fisheries analysed and experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species.
Luke Shambrook, 11, survived four-and-a-half-days alone in the bush after he vanished from campground at Lake Eildon National Park. The parents of an 11-year-old autistic boy have vowed to continue holidaying at their favourite campground after he miraculously survived four days without food or water since Good Friday in the Victorian bushland where he went missing on Good Friday. Luke Shammrook has been going to the Candlebark Campground at the park since he was just one year old, his parents Rachel and Tim revealed in an emotional press conference on Thursday
Britain's 'perfect dog' has the body of a Border Collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle. The dog has all the best bits from the UK's favourite breeds, the hair of an English Bulldog, the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter, according to a survey of 2,000 pet owners. The survey, by flea treatment brand Frontline Spot On, also found that people favoured different types of dog depending on where they lived. Voters in different areas preferred their dogs larger or smaller, depending on the region where
Paul Nuttall photoshopped to make him look more educated. Ukip’s reputation for telling it straight was left in tatters this morning after the party's deputy leader was caught posing for a photograph in front of a picture book. Ukip leader Nigel Farage (pictured) and deputy chairman Suzanne Evans during the launch of party's election manifesto in Thurrock, Essex, this morning Ukip has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the General Election and is now targeting just ten.
Virginia high school senior dies of bacterial meningitis. Madison Small, from Ashburn, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning.
Is there anybody in your country with a geography O-level to their name?. In 1982, Hollywood-born chanteuse Charlene had a surprise worldwide hit with I've Never Been To Me.
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel on April 5 at 6.26am. He then withdrew $800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga, Teresa McMahon, spokeswoman for the San Bernardino County sheriff’s department told Daily Mail Online. Jones then was seen in surveillance footage at the Walmart on Foothill Boulevard around 8.45am where he purchased items including clothes, a radio, backpack and camping gear.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were going into the city when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. Relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes, many still with tags of them, that she was selling. Bauer, who lives in a $900,000 home in Overland Park had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on Facebook, including dozens of fake designer handbags. Detectives who began following Bauer said they saw her stealing items from several stores.
World War I: Chlorine gas sowed terror and agony for the first time on Flanders Fields. A century ago German forces were gathering at army headquarters in Tielt, some 30 miles (50km) behind the front line, for a momentous discussion. Commanders had already been waiting 10 days for favourable winds. They were bent on breaking the stalemate of trench warfare and all options were open.
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend, sparking a four-day police search which yesterday found her body at High Craigton Farm. About 300 people - including the 24-year-old's mother and father Marian and John, and their son Kieran - attended a memorial at Glasgow's George Square today.
Driver shocked to receive £50 fine for failing to display his tax disc. Phil Haste, 60, was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car, even though he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard. The businessman is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a Torbay council car park. The government abolished paper tax discs on October 1 last year, meaning they no longer need to be shown on a vehicle windscreen.
US Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in a direct criticism of Tehran's backing of Shiite Houthi fighters. It comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen at the start of a third week of bombing.
Hengshui No 2 Middle School in China installs metal bars on balconies after two pupils commit suicide in six months. A senior high school in China has installed metal bars to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building, the People's Daily Online reports. With nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers, the boarding school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement.
Mouldy food was discovered in a restaurant by inspectors after a diner complained of finding dog faeces on the floor - leading to £15,000 in fines for the ‘dangerous’ owner. Council inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss, East Yorkshire - and owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations.
'I had to leave in January of my senior year because the pipes broke. It was the hardest thing I had had to do in my life up until that point and I couldn't take it any more,' he said. 'It was so cold, there was no heating, and I was just 17.
Burberry ponchos help boost profits. The poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by South American tribes and later featured on the back of Clint Eastwood in the Spaghetti westerns. However, sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have been central to a sales boom at the very British prestige brand Burberry.
Obama administration to begin telling suspected terrorists if and why they are on no-fly list. Under legal pressure, the Obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists who are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to, from or within the United States. The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the September 2001 terror attacks. The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no
Discount stores could be making your family sick. From bargain bath mats and kitchen utensils to fun knick-knacks like silly straws and children’s stick-on jewellery, hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases. A recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States by the Ecology Centre found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'.
Caravan driver almost decapitates two traffic police officers on M5. The motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver, who they suspected was speeding. They then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open.
Stars have flocked to Twitter to praise Tom Hanks' wife Rita Wilson for revealing that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery. The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday.
Secret Service agent arrested after allegedly attempting to break into house at midnight. Agent Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C. by the Metropolitan Police. He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary.
Robert Penny told the Herald Sun that he was shocked when police charged him with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991, about 350km west of Melbourne The 83-year-old, of Malvern East, has spoken out since he briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday.
Elderly couple die after falling down the stairs. Mary Murphy, 66, is thought to have tried to grab hold of John Wood, 67, when he stumbled at the top of the stairs, but slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths. Their bodies were found by paramedics on Wednesday in the hallway of their terraced home.
Cleaner finds 900-year-old mummy in cardboard box in Peru. The preserved remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in north-western Peru. The mummy, thought to date back to 1100 AD, was found wrapped in rope and dumped inside the box in front of an archaeological dig in the city of Trujillo. The remains were taken to the regional Directorate of Culture for examination.
Bournemouth Bay Run runners left exhausted after being sent on two-mile detour. Charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour. The blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event.
The different types of wedding dresses that brides are opting for nowadays. When the first pictures of Kim Sears in her wedding dress surfaced yesterday, they got a mixed reaction. The Jenny Packham chiffon gown with jewelled-detailing on the arms has split opinion, with some on Twitter raving about the garment and others claiming it swamped her. Over the last few years, wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps.
Poundland founder Steve Smith reveals how he gave his parents £25m when he sold the company. Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market in the West Midlands, and opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990. The venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire when he bought the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later.
Elderly woman served 'disgusting' baked potato and corned beef in fridge. Joan Ashton has been a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport for around eight months. The elderly woman's son, Steve, visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals.
Prince William and Kate Middleton's puppet likenesses to star in new comedy spoof show Newzoids. The show, which has been likened to 1980s behemoth Spitting Image, starts later this month and, according to makers Citrus TV, will offer a similarly light-hearted take on current affairs. She wears the £450 Issa dress famously sported to announce the royal engagement in November 2010 while he sports a cosy jumper and a goofy grin. But this isn't the real Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
Forecasts show house prices across the UK will rise at a fraction of last year’s frenetic pace. Property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent over the next 12 months.
Jessa Duggar announces she's pregnant with her first child with Ben Seewald. They have been married for less than a year and already there's a baby on the way. On Tuesday Jessa Duggar announced she's expecting her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19. 'We're expecting!'.
Head of an elite Victorian private school has resigned after a photograph of him looking at pornography on his work commuter circulated on social media Andrew Barr, principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne, was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office. The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of Mr Barr's computer, after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat.
One ship - HMS Ocean - even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs' during the last nine years, a Freedom of Information request revealed. Eighteen other ships - including HMS Dragon, HMS Enterprise and HMS Richmond - had emergency evacuations, data obtained by The Sun showed.
Sporty Pippa Middleton jogs in London. Despite temperatures in London reaching a toasty 23 degrees, the 31-year-old was seen pounding the pavement on a long run around the city. A fitness fanatic, the younger sister of the Duchess of Cambridge is currently preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton in June.
DIY dentistry kits are on the rise as patients say they can't afford a visit to the dentist. The kits, which can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops, are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns.
Frank Abagnale, whose early life on the run from the FBI was brought to life on screen by Leonardo Di Caprio, has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters, the Times reported. In the 2002 Steven Spielberg film, Frank, now 66, poses as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot over the course of a crime spree that eventually landed him in prison.
Second suspect charged in stabbing death of married lawyer at D.C. hotel. Jamyra Gallmon of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel. According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card.
KFC's psychological test for job applicants. It's a common misconception that anyone can swan into their local fast food store and pick up a job serving food, flipping burgers or even mopping up spilled soft drinks. However, as Daily Mail Australia recently discovered, it's just not that easy, with potential workers required to pass detailed psychological questionnaires before they can secure an interview. The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations.
Why no warning was given of the worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade?. It's the worst-hit area in NSW and what everyone in the region wants to know is why no warnings were given that it was going to be this bad. Climate specialist Don White confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday.
Nick Clegg urges Labour and Tory supporters to vote tactically to stop Alex Salmond in his tracks. The former Scottish First Minister hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon by ousting the Lib Dems who have held the seat for more than 30 years. He spoke out in support of new Lib Dem candidate in Gordon, Christine Jardine.
Dallas architect takes 14 shipping containers and transforms them into a stunningly modern 3,700-square-foot three-bedroom home. The home, dubbed 'PV14', boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor that reflects the two-story glass-paneled tower, also built out of the containers. The home also features a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and has a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake and downtown Dallas.
Raymond Allen - who is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe - opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965. He had become a personal friend of Harland 'the Colonel' Sanders.
The price of olive oil is expected to rocket as forestry officials in southern Italy yesterday began cutting down thousands of olive trees infected with a deadly bacteria. The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the Puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables.
Neanderthal skeleton found fused to the walls of a cave in southern Italy. It was a gruesome death that is the stuff of most people's nightmares. Now scientists have identified the unfortunate individual.
The 200-year-old skeleton of a soldier killed at the battle of Waterloo has been discovered under a car park - just like Richard III - and identified by archaeologists. After a painstaking process historians identified the man as Friedrich Brandt, 23, a Hanoverian hunchback who trained in the East Sussex resort of Bexhill-on-Sea.
Bill Billions of jellyfish have appeared in our waters, apparently attracted by the higher sea temperatures. Passengers aboard a sea life cruise were stunned after coming across a giant swarm of thousands of the jellyfish – the largest species found in south-west England – over a mile in length on Wednesday.
Bird numbers have dramatically declined in Fukushima, research has revealed. Scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear accident. They found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster to just a few dozen today.
Jessica Howard, 23, denounced ‘night stalker’ Clive Howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words.
Kate Middleton’s £195 cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons is a hit. It has been the Duchess of Cambridge's label of choice during her two pregnancies. And now the ‘Kate effect’ has put a bump in the profits of British fashion house Seraphine. The online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the Duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits.
Thousands of dead fish found floating in polluted lake in China. Thousands of animals have died overnight at a commercial fish farm in southern China's Guangdong Province after the lake became polluted. The shock death of thousands of fish means he could be facing financial ruin.
Ed Miliband dismisses claims he would be held to ransom by SNP as PM. The Labour leader insisted SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy, even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in Number 10. It comes after the Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon this morning said Labour could only govern with the support of the SNP – and laid out what the party must do to get it.
Two Britons may be among seven people who were killed when a light aircraft crashed in the Dominican Republic today. The accident is believed to have happened at about 8.15am in the east of the island when the single-engine Piper PA-32 crashed shortly after take-off. The plane was en route to the Samana Peninsula off the north coast with a pilot and six passengers.
Abraham Lincoln's chair to be removed from Henry Ford Museum. The red, worn chair will be removed and displayed in an open plaza on April 15 as part of the museum's observance of the assassination's 150 anniversary. Two days earlier, historian Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at The Henry Ford.
British holidaymakers stranded on impounded cruise ship in Lisbon. The ship had been set to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday night with its 489 passengers heading back to Bristol Avonmouth.
Russian aerospace commander has sensationally claimed that some spy satellites are masquerading as space junk in Earth orbit. The official refused to comment on how many such satellites there were, and which countries were operating them.
St. Louis police shoot and kill 23-year-old black man after he'refused to listen to them and charged at them with a knife'. Authorities say police officers shot and killed Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, outside his Jennings, Missouri, home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a. Police say they shot him with an'less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act. The rubber bullet to the leg failed to deter the suspect.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks after controversially enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers. The couple, who met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012, celebrated the birth of their first child, son Phoenix Blue, on January 14. They welcomed daughter Willow-Star after surrogate Viktoria Ellis gave birth on February 25.
The number of hayfever sufferers in the UK is predicted to reach 20 million this summer, up a third from last year as warm weather bathes the country. Experts told MailOnline that five million people are expected to fall victim to the symptoms - which include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat - for the first time. And by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers. Dr Jean Emberlin, a leading pollen expert, said: 'If we get prolonged periods of warm, dry weather with intervals of some wet weather between
The average Briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year – or enough to fill two bathtubs, a survey has found. The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups a week. The research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) and was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death. But while the 37 year old was determined to shed the weight, her mother continued to buy her daughter fatty foods.
Teacher Marilyn Zuniga sparked outrage for allowing her third grade class in Orange, New Jersey, to pen letters to murderer Mumia Abu-Jamal, after he collapsed in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy. Mumia, 60, is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in cold blood in 1981.
World's oldest McDonald's worker celebrates 90th birthday with colleagues. Europe’s oldest McDonald s worker has celebrated his 90th birthday with colleagues. Bill Dudley is still 'lovin' it' and has no plans to quit.
Oklahoma introduced a law allowing it to use nitrogen gas to kill death row prisoners if lethal injections aren't available. Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death, giving Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty.
Nevada prison guards allegedly staged a 'gladiator-like' man-on-man fight between handcuffed inmates in the corridors of a maximum-security prison. Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24, inside High Desert State Prison in Indian Springs on November 12 of last year.
Charlie Hebdo editor Stéphane Charbonnier slams 'ridiculous demagogues' for criticising drawings of Mohammad. In a book Stephane, known as Charb, finished just two days before being mowed down by jihadist gunmen he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ‘idiotic’ for doing so. He blames the media for helping popularise the term 'Islamophobia' because 'any scandal that contains the word Islam in its title sells'.
Scientists may have captured the song of a new species of whale living in the Antarctic. The mysterious ‘Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula by scientists led by Jennifer Trickey of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, at the University of California, in La Jolla, California. They have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it’s unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing, BBC Earth reported. While beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans
'resurrection ceremony' for two-year-old boy at Texas church caught on camera. In the clip capturing the attempted resurrection, the boy identified by a witness as Benjamin, is being held in the arms of Texas pastor's wife Aracely Meza as others, including a man who appears to be her husband Pastor Daniel Meza, are gathered around The witness, who said she knew Benjamin's mother since she was pregnant with him, said the child was possessed by demons.
Police say an inebriated Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. No one was injured. Sergio Barriento-Hinonjosa was arrested late Saturday. According to KOAT, police at the time were holding a DUI checkpoint on the other side of the road.
It may still be April, but Britain looks set to get an early dose of summer sun. Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow.
Suspicious package that sparked hours-long lockdown at Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, does not pose any threat. The liberal arts college in Clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place, lock doors, draw curtains and stay away from windows. Campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated Kirner-Johnson Building were received by phone at 9.45am.
The world's WORST waxwork statues: The most offensive. Residents of Celoron, New York, were understandably disturbed when this statue of Lucille Ball was unveiled in 2009 sparking a Facebook campaign to get it removed, which attracted 600 likes. It sparked a hate campaign and was dubbed so terrifying, it was nicknamed Scary Lucy. And now even the sculptor of the statue has called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture'.
Fourteenagers have each been accepted to all eight Ivy League schools. Their parents came to the U.S. for opportunities and now these four teens have them in abundance.
Hilary Border, 54, from Newark, Nottinghamshire, had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother Dorothy's affairs when her health deteriorated. The mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for the 83-yr-old's care but when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all. Care home staff tried to contact Border over an outstanding £16,000 debt over two years before reporting her to police. She pleaded guilty to fraud on the basis she took £20,000 between October 2012, and November 20 last year, despite
Light Dragoons parade through Dereham, Norfolk. Thousands of people, including hundreds of school children, lined the streets of Norfolk today to wave farewell to the regiment. Around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit, which has most recently served in Iraq and Afghanistan, marched through the town for the final time.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze pleads guilty to harassing barn owl in flight while on paraglider. A former TV pitchman in Utah known for his over-the-top personality pleaded guilty on Friday to harassing a barn owl while on a motorized paraglipper. Dell ‘Super Dell’ Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird. His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the
Michael Brelo, 31, made his first appearance in court in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting.
Chim Chimpanzees are the only animals to regularly hunt for prey with tools. Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal, and found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations.
Robin Wright wears Reem Acra at the Golden Globes. The actress, who won the Best Actress award for her role in House of Cards, wore a slinky dress from Reem Acra's Fall 2013 collection and looked stunning in it. The halter neck showed off her toned shoulders while the sparkly sheen worked beautifully against her skin tone and blonde crop.
Mary Schuyler, 120, eats three 72-ounce steak dinners in 20 minutes. Competitive eater Mary Schuyler accomplished the stunning feat in front of hundreds at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday. She is such a champ that the four teams of two that competed against her didn't even come close to winning.
Italian chefs threaten legal action against McDonald's over Happy Meal advert. A bitter fast food war has erupted in Italy after a McDonald's advert, which claimed Italian children preferred happy meals to pizza, caused so much offence chefs are now threatening legal action. Restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the US corporation, the largest chain of burger restaurants in the world, for attacking their cultural diet that have said they will take them to court. The row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a Happy Meal to a margherita pizza.
KKFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday and there were no mutant chickens to be seen, the deep fryer was as clean as a whistle and the salad was crisp. The fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store.
Mother kicked out of charity Easter egg hunt for taking too many eggs. The woman in her mid- to late 30s, who is believed to have had two or three children participating, was at Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt, which was run by Zaidee's Rainbow Foundation at Caulfield Racecourse on Saturday. She was escorted out of the racecourse, in Melbourne's south-east, when she became 'irate' after a young volunteer at the hunt asked her to stop taking so many Easter eggs.
Mother arrested 27 years after baby boy's body was found wrapped in a blanket inside a Sainsbury's bag floating on a village pond. The woman, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped.
Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin enjoys Mexican lunch with husband Anthony Weiner and son Jordan. The 38-year-old was spotted with her husband, disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner, and two-year old son Jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on Saturday afternoon. The restaurant of choice was two doors down from the popular fast food Mexican diner.
Lawyers for jailed millionaire Robert Durst ask for $161,000 in cash taken after murder arrest. Lawyers say Durst, 72, got the money, now held by New Orleans police, legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings. Durst was arrested at the JW Marriott hotel in New Orleans on a Los Angeles County warrant that accused him of killing his friend Susan Berman in 2000 to keep her from talking to investigators.
Jake Castner, 19, arrested after taunting police on Facebook while on the run. A 19-year-old from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts. On his fourth day he boasted on the social media site: 'We don't talk to police!'.
Scottish castle commandeered by Winston Churchill to help prepare troops for D-Day landings goes on sale for £1.75m. The 19th century Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942. The castle was used as a training base for thousands of British troops.
Christopher Furniss-Roe, who hanged himself in a 'tragic accident' after being sent to bed early for breaking his sister's beach bucket, inquest hears. Eight-year-old schoolboy hanged himself after breaking his younger sister's bucket in a row with his father, inquest heard. The boy from Pontypool, South Wales, was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after the 'childish' argument.
Nigeria Nigeria's new President marked the first anniversary since more than 200 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram militants by saying he did not know if they would ever be found. Muhammadu Buhari, who won the presidential election two weeks ago, said his administration would do everything in their power to bring the students home - but said he could not promise they would find them.
Fugitive treasure hunter who took gold from shipwreck faces jail. Tommy Thompson has agreed to go to prison rather than reveal details about the valuable haul he recovered from the SS Central America. The 62-year-old led an excursion to the vessel, known as the Ship of Gold, which sank off the Carolina coast in 1857.
Sleep apnoea could be an early warning sign of dementia. Researchers have discovered that people who have breathing problems while asleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions. The onset of Alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problem, experts said.
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford. She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering the bodies.
Par Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle, which had been called to an address in Grimsby, Lincolnshire. The ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property.
Carwyn Scott-Howell's death ruled out negligence. Carwyn, seven, plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France, while skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia, after becoming separated from them. Carwyn carried on skiing and then ventured into a wooded area.
'secret' handheld camera will go on display on Saturday at the State Library giving Sydneysiders a rare chance to take a glimpse of what life in Sydney looked like back in the 1800’s. The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney who took advantage of the very first hand held camera, the Detective Camera.
Game of Thrones fans who did not want to wait and legally watch HBO's hit series premiere its fifth season tonight have leaked the first four episodes online. The episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night, and are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press.
Two men arrested after Thomson Airways flight from London to Mexico diverted to Bermuda. The Boeing 787-8 departed from London Gatwick at around 9.40am yesterday, and was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight when it landed at LF Wade International Airport in Bermuda. The plane, carrying 278 passengers, was met by six police cars on landing, with officers seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers.
Police in Thailand opened fire on a car driven by an 'crazy' American tourist after she drove the wrong way down a busy road and crashed into 13 vehicles. The 29-year-old woman, named by local media as Samantha or Amanda, was chased by police through the Pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car. After the smashed-up car came to a halt, officers broke the front passenger window of the white Toyota Innova to arrest her when she refused to open the door.
Woman Jade Wimsey, 24, from Goole, East Yorkshire, would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories. Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb.
Husband of cancer patient who died after being left in filthy hospital room sues hospital. René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple's son had a chance to say goodbye. 'It was such a shock, one minute everyone was telling her how well she was doing and the next moment I am watching her struggling to breathe. It happened so quickly.'
Is shrinking space on planes putting our health and safety in danger?. Ever noticed how plane seats appear to be getting smaller and smaller?
Muslim women should be allowed to wear a full-face veil while appearing in court, Britain's most senior judge has suggested. Lord Neuberger, the President of the Supreme Court, said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, who was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud, died after his Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire. The 60-year-old, whose daughter is a former X-Factor contestant, sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash on August 20 last year saying: 'I'm in a plane out of control and it's going down.'
Holmesburg Prison's 101-year history was filled with violent riots, bloody beatings and most shocking of all - the cruel chemical experimentation on its inmates. And haunting images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled American citizens.
Glynis Barber reveals how she transformed her health and her figure. For the past two years, under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, the actress has changed what and how she eats – and in the process, she says, transformed her body. She tore up her rulebook too: out went breakfast – instead she has just two large meals a day.
Hillary Hillary Clinton's most trusted – and most controversial – campaign aide turned up on Wednesday near Des Moines, Iowa, where the former secretary of state sat for her second staged 'roundtable' discussion in as many days. Abedin had last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton popped in, both wearing sunglasses, for lunch.
Labour leader Ed Miliband admits party made mistakes on immigration. Everyone who comes to Britain should know how to speak English, Labour Ed Miliband has warned. The Labour leader admitted that in the past his party had been 'too timid' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language. But the Tories said there was nothing in Mr Miliband's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to Britain, after net migration hit 298,000 in a year.
Aldi slammed for trying to overturn workplace laws and force employees to work more than 38 hours a week. The Transport Workers' Union's National Secretary Tony Sheldon condemned the requested change to the Fair Work Act and accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom. 'Major retailers like Aldi are trying to turn the clocks back on our modern society'.
A year after he launched his first app, a homeless man predicted that his life was going to change. Leo Grand gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app Trees for Cars went live. 'This will change my life in a magnificent way.'
Ex-Army tank driver who had his kneecap blown off in combat sues his employer. Ian Gibson from Hillingdon in Middlesex told an employment tribunal that he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' while working at H and G Contracting Services Ltd at Heathrow Airport. The 60-year-old joined the company as plane refueller in December 2007, three decades after he was medically discharged from the British Army's Parachute Regiment.
FBI whitewashes 9/11 evidence. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is facing accusations that it is 'whitewashing' evidence of possible Saudi Arabian involvement in the September 11 terrorist attacks. A commission designed to review evidence about the world-changing bombings has not delved into an FBI agent's claims that a Saudi Florida family had ties to the hijackers after the agency said the report was 'unsubstantiated'.
Father-of-one diagnosed with lung cancer five times in two months. For six months Chris Rowe was plagued by an irritating cough. Repeated visits to doctors were met with the same conclusion - the 31-year-old was most likely suffering a'simple' virus.
Titanic deckchair sold for £100,350 at auction. The Nantucket wooden chair, which once sat on a first-class promenade of the ill-fated ship, was salvaged by a search team from the Atlantic Ocean after the Titanic sank in 1912. Dubbed 'one of the rarest types of Titanic collectable', the chair is too fragile to sit on, but has been carefully preserved, having been owned by a British collector for the past 15 years.
Boris Johnson received such a positive welcome in Ramsgate he was driven away with a lipstick mark on his cheek. The London Mayor took to the streets of Ramsgate, boasting that the polls were turning in the Tories' favour.
Denmark's Crown Princess Mary might have wowed in a succession of evening gowns last week but Sunday was all about low-key family time for the Australian-born royal. Mary, 43, treated her three youngest children, Princess Isabella, seven, and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent, four, to a day out at a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand.
Australian designers We Are Handsome are among the fashion houses rejecting traditional skinnier models in favour of strong, fit girls. The models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim.
Carwyn Scott-Howell: Seven-year-old British boy killed in French Alps leaves ‘vast void in hearts’. The schoolboy was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop. Footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed last night.
Woman, 34, arrested in China after dumping newborn baby girl in a rubbish bin in a fast-food restaurant. Staff heard the baby girl crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu, Sichuan province, reports People's Daily Online. Workers who found the baby, who was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta, called the police.
Nigel Farage's campaigning got off to a faltering start today as he missed a Ukip event after getting stuck in traffic. He did manage to make an appearance at an event in Carrick.
Carlton Tavern pub demolished to make way for luxury flats. The historic Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week - just days before it was due to be marked as a listed building. Landlady Patsy Lord was told by the owners on Easter Monday to close for an 'inventory' but returned two days later to find the pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing. The pub, which stood in Maida Vale, west London, was the only building in its road that was not destroyed by bombs during the Blitz but did not survive developer CLTX Ltd, which was denied planning permission to turn
Britain is on course to be the hottest April on record and millions of Brits made the most of the sunny weekend weather and clear skies today by heading to beaches and parks across the country. Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire.
Fenerbahce team bus shot at in Turkey. The team bus carrying players and coaching staff back from an away game was shot at on Saturday night near the city of Trabzon. The bus driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital.
Turkey has blocked access to Twitter and YouTube after they refused a request to remove pictures of a prosecutor held during an armed siege last week. A Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children of Mehmet Selim Kiraz.
Compulsory fitness tests have been introduced for all FBI agents following fears over expanding waistlines. As America's elite crime investigators they are more used to tackling crime. But now FBI agents have been told they have to new enemy to battle -- calories.
FBI offers $115,000 reward for information in Times Square bombing. The FBI and NYPD said on Wednesday that a reward of up to $115k is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station. A bomb explodes outside the U.S. Armed Forces Recruiting Station in New York on March 6, 2008. No one was injured.
Teenager Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman after police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival. She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers.
Japanese coastguards abandon efforts to save 149 dolphins stranded on a beach in Japan. Rescuers were forced to abandon their rescue operation after only managing to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached. The rest of the animals had either died or were dying, they said. The pod of dolphins was stretched out along a roughly six mile-long stretch of beach in Hokota, Ibaraki, where they were found by locals early on Friday morning.
Whataburger denies service to student who identifies as gender neutral. Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or'she,' and sometimes wears women's clothing. Video footage posted to Twitter from early on Sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire.'
Lord Stevens to be investigated over Stephen Lawrence murder probe. Last night the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) said it will investigate claims that the former Met chief failed to hand over key information to the Macpherson Inquiry regarding the black teenager’s race hate killing.
Nigella Lawson returns to BBC to host 'back to basics' cooking show. The celebrity chef, who last appeared on the channel with Nigellissima in 2012, will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2, a series which focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'. The show will mark Nigella's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to Mr Saatchi and the subsequent court case.
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes. My son is ahead of me, his kayak skimming across the slate blue water. A battalion of cormorants lands on a tree.
Kent Kent Sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a Dallas-area convenience store. He would be the fifth inmate executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in London's West End. The honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants.
Police use Lego figures to warn people about rising housebreakings. Officers from Police Scotland’s Edinburgh division – which has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent – posted pictures of the Lego models on their Facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime. But the publicity stunt was met with criticism from politicians and victims who said officers should concentrate on solving real crimes.
Paul Bakewell, 35, proposed to partner Tara Barber, 32, by asking her to marry him using a giant billboard on the A34 in Walsall, West Mids. The dad-of-one arranged for his partner to be driven past the billboard by her boss who pretended they were going to a business meeting on Friday morning. But the pretty hairdresser was left speechless when the car stopped at the 30ft-wide poster.
Eight deputies filmed beating and kicking alleged horse thief for two minutes as he lay dormant in the southern California desert. An NBC helicopter was following the San Bernardino County officers as they pursued a 30-year-old man, Francis Pusok, who was believed to have stolen horse on Thursday afternoon. The footage shows two deputies catch up with him on foot after he falls off the horse and they stun him with a Taser.
Sherri Tenpenny's anti-vaccination group Get Rid of Sids Project has its charity status revoked. The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission (ACNC) made the announcement on Wednesday. The organisation is run by well-known Brisbane author Stephanie Messenger.
Nasa has spotted an exoplanet 13,000 light-years away. Known as 'Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb,' the gas giant was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, 42, who attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37, launched a lawsuit after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers. The 42-year-old woman said she lost 16lb in a month but was still denied an audition for the dance troupe. She told Daily Mail Online: 'I wanted to join because of my talent but the coach said I didn't have the body type.
Doctors are putting the health of women and their babies at risk by performing caesarean sections too readily, UN officials warn. They say the procedure should only be carried out when ‘medically necessary’ because it can lead to infections and even death.
Josiah Duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old Marjorie Jackson, who he met while the pair were taking Spanish lessons together. And just like several of his siblings before him, as the two embark on the path towards a potential marriage, Josiah and his new love interest will have to follow his family’s incredibly strict courting rules, which require the couple to go on chaperoned dates, with'side hugs' the only permitted form of physical contact.
Tristram Hunt, the shadow education secretary, was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election if he could. Video of the conversation shows the Labour MP was stunned by the statement, which a Ukip spokesman claimed shows the schoolboy had been 'drinking in propaganda' from the party's rivals. The mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained 'it isn't about being foreign'.
Man bitten by shark while spearfishing off Florida coast. A man had to be airlifted to the hospital after being bitten by a shark on the coast of Florida. The bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head, according to witnesses in Palm Beach, Florida.
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved in Penryn, Cornwall, that one fan has set up a Facebook page for him. The page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about Jack and keep up to date with his daily activities. Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick in 2013 after being discovered with no feathers.
Mayfair mansion that was once the site of a milking parlour has gone on the market for £25million. The four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace. One hundred and fifty years ago however it was used to house cows for milking on one of London's busiest trading streets.
Stephen James Hendry: 'I'd rather have a picture of their face, even though Frida Kahlo has one eyebrow, it's about liking them for on the inside, not judging about what they're like on the outside'. They say you should never judge a book by it's cover, and it couldn't be more true of the tough looking, full-bodied tattooed English model. The 24-year-old, better known as simply Stephen James, is now quickly becoming one of the most in-demand models in the industry.
The secret document, which has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as information on the depth of concrete on the runway were published unencrypted on the MoD's website. The details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentina, with the technical information providing excellent intelligence to any Argentine bombers sent to attack the islands. The Aerodrome Manual was accidentally uploaded onto a public section of the Ministry of Defence's website and could have been downloaded by Argentine intelligence agents to help prepare a mission to recapture the islands. The Falklands Islands are defended by a squadron of RAF Typhoon aircraft operating from
Indiana Pacers' Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed during an early-morning argument after they left a popular New York club on Wednesday, according to reports. Copeland, 31, and Katrine Saltare, 28, were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them, the New York Post reported.
TV cameraman banned from Aaron Hernandez murder trial after admitting he followed jurors. Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case.'.
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida, over the weekend. At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match.
Chinese schoolboy becomes mute after drinking a glass of water laced with perfume and chalk dust. Pupil Xiao Gao, from Fujian Province in south eastern China, has not spoken a word in five days after a classmate he 'does not get on with' gave him the water.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited the Red Hot World Buffet on Deansgate, Manchester, with her daughter, Dennon, and her daughter's friend. After ordering a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for the girls, Ms Dodds was disgusted when she heard that her daughter had actually been drinking an alcoholic version.
INXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachley win legal battle against neighbour who wanted to stop redevelopment of their northern beaches home. The couple have been embroiled in a legal battle over additions they'd planned to make to their home which their neighbour argues will 'destroy' her views. The couple argued Ms Goyer's views are 'at best only a glimpse' from her bedroom.
Richard III's skeleton found under a car park in Leicester was found to a distinctive scoliosis of the spine. Now a new academic paper claims that even this condition, which caused one of his shoulders to be slightly higher than the other, was probably not known about until after his death. Dr Mary Ann Lund, from the University of Leicester's school of English, said tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve in his spine.
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, loses 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six. Most women would kill for a size six figure and a gap between their thighs. But Amelia Harris, of Chelmsley Wood, Birmingham, says her new 'dream body' is actually a nightmare, as Crohn's disease means she is in constant pain and cannot eat. The illness has seen Miss Harris lose more than 18 stone (252lbs).
Scientists link earthquakes in Texas to oil and gas drilling. In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. Now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground.
Justice Diana Bryant: Australian women should have the choice to be paid to be a surrogate mother. A top judge in Brisbane has said that surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to prevent a repeat of the baby Gammy case. She said she believes that because commercial surrogacy is banned in Australia, hopeful parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas.
When your credit card details are stolen, where do they end up? One data company attempted to find out by diving into the Dark Web - a murky online world where stolen information is often offered up for sale. The unique experiment tracked stolen data as it travelled the globe, and found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within just two weeks.
Air India pilots removed from duty after fight in cockpit. Two pilots have been derostered after they reportedly got into a fight inside the cockpit of a plane shortly before it was scheduled to take off. The altercation involving the captain and co-pilot erupted while the plane was being prepared for a 50-minute journey from Delhi to Jaipur.
Pennsylvania state representative Kevin Boyle, left, claims that he was covered in soda by Tonya Stack, right, wife of Lieutenant Governor Mike Stack, and a political opponent 'She aimed the soda at me and it landed directly on me, hitting from my chest to my lap,' Boyle told Philly.com. He claims that after her shot landed, she was bundled out by a State Trooper who was guarding her
Half of Britons believe Camilla should become Queen Consort when Prince Charles accedes to the throne. A new poll by YouGov ahead of Charles and Camilla's 10th wedding anniversary reveals that 49 per cent think Camilla, pictured, should take the traditional title of the wife of a reigning king, while 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana, Princess of Wales and 16 per cent were undecided. Aides have always insisted the Duchess does not want to be known as Queen. But according to some legal experts, unless there is change in the law, Camilla will technically
Kyle Kyle Iveson burst into a convenience store and demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown, the mother of his ex-girlfriend and grandmother of his daughter. He attempted to disguise his identity by lowering his voice, but she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police straight away.
Bill Bill Clinton: 'I'm proud of her'. Former president Bill Clinton said he is 'proud' of wife Hillary Rodham Clinton's presidential bid for the 2016 election.
Kim Richards speaks out for the first time since her shocking arrest. Kim Richards discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28, her first for a national audience since the arrest. Among the topics the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism.
Betty Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs ticket holder since 1986. Last season, she attended every home game apart from three.
Pregnant model Sarah Stage snaps sexy photo of herself flaunting baby bump 10 days before giving birth. Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy, earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process. Although the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure, claiming it could be doing damage to her unborn child, their comments haven't stopped the model from sharing numerous photos
Desperate Chinese father is begging on the street to raise money for his son's cancer treatment. Chen Yuntao, 38, wears a horse mask as he kneels on the busy streets of Hefei City, next to a sign asking for 'kind-hearted' people to get on his back for a ride for five yuan – the equivalent of 54p. The unusual fundraising is part of a desperate bid to raise funds for his nine-year-old son Chen Minghao, who is suffering from leukaemia. The family are already in huge debt after son Minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for le
Retired British soldier arrested over 1974 shooting of man with learning difficulties. John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in Benburb, County Armagh. He had a fear of men in uniform.
Zookeeper filmed thirsty animals drinking on a GoPro camera. Elad Hershkowitz, a zookeeper at the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv, Israel, placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours. A selection of thirsty animals were captured drinking water in their own unique way – and the results are hilarious. The animals – ranging from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it – were recorded for a time.
Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government for its success in stopping the boats, which was a key election plank. But her backhanded compliments may not sit well with our policy-makers and social justice groups.
Timothy Fradeneck: Man accused of strangling wife, 2-year-old daughter and son pleads NOT GUILTY by reason of insanity. A 38-year old Michigan man accused of killing his wife, their two young children, told a judge Wednesday that he wants to plead insanity. 'I tried to kill myself,' he said.
Baby elephant tied to a pole and forced to perform tricks sparks online campaign to have it freed. The campaign was kicked off by Jaime Singleton, who saw the baby elephant, Nadia, tied to the pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year. Ms Singleton said Nadia is also used by another company in Thailand in weddings.
ISIS list of 'crime and punishment' under the Islamic State is laid bare in a document which sets out a list of harsh penalties for anyone who falls foul of the terror group's strict interpretation of its own laws. Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death, while couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and 'banishment' from the community. The list of ISIS' gruesome punishments dictates that'spying for disbelievers' is punishable by death - a fate this man suffered by being publicly crucified.
Elmo and Dr Murthy explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep other children safe and healthy. The U.S Surgeon General has enlisted Elmo to urge American children to get vaccinated in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization. A campaign video sees Dr Vivek Murthy and the Sesame Street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explaining to children (and parents) why it is so important.
1313 choristers quit in'solidarity' over the sacking of music director Stephen Hogger. The 55-year-old, who had been at the 14th century church in Lavenham, Suffolk, for 17 years.
Labour and Tory politicians have come to blows over the 45p top tax rate following the Chancellor's admission that establishing the threshold was not one of the Government's priorities. When pressed in an interview with Sky News the Chancellor refused to rule out making further cuts for Britain's top earners, instead saying the issue was 'not a priority'. 'If that was our priority or our plan we would have made it part of our plan and made it one of our priorities.'
Raffaele Sollecito goes on lingerie shopping spree two weeks after he was cleared of murdering Meredith Kercher. The Italian, who spent four years in prison after previously being found guilty of the murder of Surrey-born Meredith, 21, in 2007, is said to be looking at compensation. The 31-year-old was spotted out and about with a blonde companion browsing through the underwear section of a shop.
Three children have died as one remains in a serious condition after a car crashed into a lake outside of Melbourne this afternoon. Police believe that all children are under the age of six.
ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul. The images were posted on social media, including the Shomoukh Al-Islam jihadi forum, under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols.
Umbrellas destroyed as gale force winds destroy even the sturdiest of frames. With winds of up to 135km/h battering the east coast, many have learned the hard way that their trusty shelters can’t withstand cyclone strength conditions. Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media. 'Weather 47 - 0 umbrella,' Sam Moore wrote on Twitter as she posted these photos of brollies in Sydney's Darling Harbour.
Richard Sherman and Moss welcomed a son, Rayden. And now, Sherman is sharing photos of his baby boy.
Sharon Edwards' car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing on March 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton, NSW. Her son, Eli Edwards, told Daily Mail Australia his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother's disappearance.
Jafar Adeli, 32, was arrested at a bus station in Leicester after thinking he was going to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex. He was duped by paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting and police were waiting to arrest him when he turned up at the bus station. The vigilante group filmed the meeting, which showed Adeli putting his head in his hands when he realised he had been tricked. The video of his arrest on December 10 has been posted on Facebook and viewed more than 10,000 times.
How to avoid annoying a new mother: How to stay away from the baby. Looking after a newborn baby is one of the most exhausting periods in a woman's life. You haven't recovered from giving birth and are suddenly on duty 24/7, responsible for entertaining, feeding and cleaning.
Man accidentally captures bizarre clash between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs. Melbourne-based Jon Czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, over the Easter long weekend. When he checked the nine hours of footage, he stumbled upon the upsetting spectacle, which shows the canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
Joanne Bolton begged boyfriend to put her to bed so she didn't die on the floor after being knifed 14 times in the head by violent boyfriend. The 35-year-old was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home in New Kyo, Stanley, County Durham. Steven Young, pictured, was jailed for 18 years by a judge at Newcastle Crown Court after he admitted attempted murder of Miss Bolton.
Mother-of-two branded 'Fagin' made £50,000 in family shoplifting firm. Dawn Bainbridge, 47, of West Rainton, County Durham, led a 'family business' that saw her and her two daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the North and sell them online through Facebook. Their company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments in just four months, had detailed sales records and even a debters' book.
Hand Handbag lovers are paying as much as £200 to give their over-loved bags the equivalent of a spa treatment at a luxury new Handbag Clinic in Chelsea. The unusual boutique has opened on a fashionable west London high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory.
Iron Age copper coin is one of the oldest ever to be found in Britain. The tiny copper coin, which is smaller than a penny, dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west of England and the Mediterranean. It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath.
HaHailey Baldwin has revealed that she used to spend nights sleeping over at Kim Kardashian’s apartment, before she found fame herself. The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin, who stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine and is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star Kendall Jenner, let slip very discreetly.
Just two cups of coffee a day can halve the risk of breast cancer returning. Researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen. Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers in women.
Breast Breast cancer: Eating dinner or a snack late at night could raise a woman's risk of breast cancer, a study has warned. Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen Pharma, have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem.
Nutritional benefits of nuts. Nuts are a source of useful nutrients and have other health benefits - just this month, a study found that peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut and ward off food poisoning. Here, we look at some of other the plus points.
Nearly half of parents have not taught their children how to dial 999 - and many youngsters think the emergency number is 911, a study found. Many said their children were not mature enough to learn the life-saving skill.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 is a throwback to the golden age of air travel. The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations such as Haiti, Hawaii, Japan, New York and London. Many of the adverts featured beautiful women in an effort to glamorise destinations and encourage people to travel.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff. He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety.
Ed Miliband rules out another Scottish independence referendum. The Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month. Ed Miliband has explicitly ruled out allowing another independence referendum, as he bids to ease voters' concerns about the prospect of any future SNP-Labour alliance.
Kate Major arrested AGAIN after she 'drunkenly attacked' Michael Lohan after a heated argument on Thursday at their home in Palm Beach, Florida. Kate Major Lohan has been arrested again after she allegedly attacked her husband Michael after an argument at their Palm Beach home. Michael made a 911 call around 7:02pm on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him.
Canadian mother who lost son to ISIS works to stop homegrown terrorism. Christianne Boudreau thought her son Damien Clairmont was going to Egypt to study Arabic in 2013, but Canadian authorities later told the Calgary mother that her son had instead gone to Turkey where he crossed the border into Syria to join ISIS. While Damien had become more extreme in his Islamic ideology before he left Canada, she never imagined her shy and peaceful son would become a jihadi.
Boy, 5, finds 100million-year-old dinosaur bones while digging for fossils with his dad. A five-year old boy in Dallas has had the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity of discovering 100magnitude dinosaur bones. Wylie Brys and his dad, Dallas zookeper Tim Brys, were digging near a grocery store when he made the ancient discovery. Now, scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped the pair excavate the fossil.
Airbus is set to introduce an extra seat to each row of its Airbus A380 model, squeezing yet more passengers onto each plane. From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed.
Eve Addison developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic. To her horror, tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday, according to an obituary on the Virgin Valley & Moapa Valley Mortuaries' website. The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip.
Unlicensed driver Tykeran Hamilton, 25, who borrowed the rented black BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester after spending a night drinking and taking drugs, has been jailed for 11 years. He spotted a friend waiting for a bus, leaned out of the window and shouted 'watch this'.
When Catherine Gerhardt got her business of the ground, she chose to reach out to her competitors and ask them if they were interested in collaborating. While most ignored her offer, she did receive one response so nasty, that the thought of it still fires her up. 'I felt as though I had been punched in the gut,' Ms Gerhardt told Daily Mail Australia.
The Andaz Liverpool Street hotel in London used to be bedlam, but not through cavalier management, rebellious staff or disruptive guests. The Victorian building that houses it is built on the site of England’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital, which opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as 'bedlam'.
Rony John, 15, drowned after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire, despite being unable to swim. His body was not found until the following day. The hearing heard how Rony was with friends on the bank of the river in July last year when he dived into the water.
Nanny accused of beating 3-year-old girl on hot stove. Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a child, and then burning her legs, arms and hands on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain. This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl. A nanny is behind bars after she was caught on camera allegedly beating a young girl in her care.
East Germany's Stasi forced people to pose for their pictures, showing exactly how they had planned to escape from the German Democratic Republic. These are the pictures taken by an unforgiving regime of the men, women and children caught trying to escape its suffocating clutches and then forced to re-enact their ordeal for the cameras of the secret police. 'Reenactment MfS' - the Ministry for State Security better known as the 'Stasi' during the 40 year existence of the East German state - is a new book containing these photos of desperation which the socialist rulers used as evidence in the show trials against those they caught.
Almost a quarter of Brits prefer their pets to their in-laws. The research commissioned by Matalan for its Made for Modern Families campaign also found that the ‘Brady Bunch’ or ‘blended’ household where children had multi-parental figures was also on the rise. The overbearing and interfering mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as most people's least favourite family member.
KeKezzia French, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old Andrea to rest in 1999, but only found out more than a decade later that police had in fact removed virtually all her vital organs. The little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father, Meyrick Fowler, then 24, who flew into a rage when his lottery number's didn't come up at their home in Ipswich, Suffolk.
Sienna Miller body double for Vöslauer water advert. Would-be Siennas hoping to appear in an advert for bottled water should be 5ft 6in in height and have a 25½in waist, the advert states. Their 'low hip' measurement should be 36½in while their 'high hip' should come in at 35in.
Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away after falling foul of new rules following the switch to digital tax discs. Many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands. Ignorant that they must fork out for a new digital one – even if the existing paper disc is months from expiry – rising numbers of drivers are falling prey to clampers. The Government abolished the paper tax disc last autumn.
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself, investigators said Tuesday. Police in the St. Louis suburb of Clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of Schweich, who was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016, was anything other than a suicide. Newly released police reports show Schweich felt so abandoned by GOP supporters that he told an aide on February 26 that he would have to either 'run as an independent or he needed to kill himself.'.
Workers in China build a walkway for tourists while perched thousands of feet up a mountain side in Pingjiang County, Hunan province. With no ropes or safety harnesses, and only hard hats to protect them if they fall, these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway. It is only held up by steel cables which anchor it to the rocks, making it terrifying for tourists to cross it when it blows, making the walkway especially terrifying for those specially trained to board it.
These incredible images show French paratroopers dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border. The pictures, including one radar grab, showing soldiers of the French second Foreign Parachute Regiment, were released by French Defence Audio-visual Communication and Production Unit. Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger, the shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel – the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide. They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change – but not everyone is convinced. The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the General Electric labs in Schenectady, New York.
First gender-neutral bathroom opens in White House. The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. The facility is the first of its kind at the White House and according to spokesman Jeff Tiller it's something that fits in with the administration's stance on LGBT issues.
'monster' of a father who abused them and their mother. The dramatic turn in the lives of the Vincenti girls began in 2010, when they left Italy ostensibly just for a month's holiday back in Australia, with their mother's family on the Sunshine Coast in Queensland.
All-nighters to cram for an exam won't work because the process is best done when a person is asleep. A team of scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts have a few words of wisdom, urging students to put down the coffee and sleep. They believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones, work most effectively when people are asleep.
Former lager lout who ballooned to 24 stone loses nearly half his body weight by giving up his favourite drink. Rugby prop Dale Forrest, 26, of Bolton, would sink up to 12 pints a night, but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends. He was horrified to see that he was nearly double the size of all his friends.
Hotel industry insider turned author Jacob Tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City and provides lots of little-known tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay. MailOnline Travel chatted with Tomsky to get the answers to some of our most burning hotel questions.
Robert Tomanovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist, although an employee has admitted that the second noose was a deliberate move to antagonise locals. He said he had put up the Confederate flag because 'I like the colors'.
Q: I have been suffering from mouth ulcers for the past five months and feel I'm living on Bonjela and mouthwash. I get them all around my mouth and on my tongue.
Atlanta public school educators sentenced to jail time for cheating on standardized tests. All but one of 10 former Atlanta teachers convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on tests were sentenced on Tuesday, as the judge called the cheating scandal 'the sickest thing that's ever happened in this town.' Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors. But only two agreed to deals.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $220,000 Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail, killing 35-year-old race track employee Gary Terry. Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that the guardrail damaged the Italian car on the east side of the passenger door.
Nigel Nigel Farage suffered a fresh blow today after a poll of key marginal seats revealed voters were deserting Ukip in droves and returning to Labour and the Tories. In 10 battleground constituencies polled by the Tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine.
Babysitter breaks down during trial for murder of 14-month-old Mason Hess. Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce, but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child.
David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage form boyband in bizarre election advert. The song, Change The Tune, features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition. According to the Green party, the quartet'sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking'.
10 apps every foodie should have. There seems to be an app for everything these days and nowhere is this more obvious than in the food industry where developers seem to be releasing new ones almost daily. There are apps that help you choose the best wines, tell you the best places to eat dinner, and sometimes even nudge you in the right direction when it comes to planning your evening meal. Planning your meals need never be a chore again with these ten apps.
Iran has forbidden its citizens from travelling to Saudia Arabia's holy sites over claims two teenaged boys were abused by Saudi airport officials while returning from a pilgrimage. The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen.
Margaret Gretton has been barred indefinitely from the profession after she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent The panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and'repeated' actions while head of Burton Joyce Primary School in Nottingham They heard that she had mocked special needs students by referring to them as 'cuckoo' and said she didn't want to encourage children 'like that' to come to the school She even displayed a Golly magnet in her office and made'monkey noises' on one occasion when talking about
German pensioner who is expecting quadruplets said she went in search of sperm and egg donors when her youngest of 13 children told her: 'I want to have a little brother or sister.' Annegret Raunigk, 65, was plunged into a vortex of travel and trials thanks to the wish of daughter Leila, who turns ten this year, but says she is not bothered about what people say about her decision to have more children so late in life.
Family of 14 who walked out of New Zealand commune that shunned the outside world adapts to life in wider community. James and Hope Ben Canaan last month declared they were living in a 'false system' and left the Gloriavale Christian Community, located at Lake Haupiri on New Zealand's West Coast, with their twelve children and few worldly possessions. Founded by the Australian-born evangelical preacher Neville Cooper - now known by the name Hopeful Christian - Gloriavale is home to around 500 residents, sometimes known as Cooperites.
John McCain: Kerry 'is delusional' if he expected to claim the Iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they didn't and get away with it, says the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, John McCain. 'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program. McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,'
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn in West Lothian, had her Instagram account deleted because of stretchmarks on her tummy. When a young mum posted images of her post-pregnancy body on Instagram to inspire others, she might have anticipated a raft of supportive comments for her bravery. Hannah Moore didn't get that far though; her images of the stretchmarks were vetoed by the world's biggest photo-sharing website within minutes of her posting them.
Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression. The Minister for Investment and Trade, who battled depression for 43 years, appeared on ABC's Q&A program.
Carer who stole £5,000 from pensioners goes out drinking on the same night she used her victims' bank card to withdraw large amounts of money. Rebecca Calder, 24, of Greater Manchester, was jailed for 12 months after she pleaded guilty to nine counts of theft. At her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts.
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London after obtaining memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor. In one spree, Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet. He was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout.
Conservative candidate Liam Marshall-Ascough defends pictures of him licking a female friend's breasts. The Crawley borough councillor hasn't used any privacy settings on his social media profile, so the images are viewable by the public. He faces a challenge to get elected in his constituency, which has been a Labour stronghold since the 1950s.
Truck driver pleads with Australians to attend Anzac Day memorial service. Trevor Vale took to his social media account on Tuesday while on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne to appeal to his fellow countrymen, after becoming frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs. Mr Vale, whose wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan, posted the video online from behind the wheel of his truck. While listening to the radio, he heard a podcast questioning Australians on their plans for the public holiday.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police solely due to his race, the employment tribunal ruled. It found the 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues after his internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy.
Birthday gift for 24-year-old man ends in tragedy when he plows Lamborghini into guardrail. Tavon Watson was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Florida.
Pentagon to exhume and try to identify 400 sailors and Marines killed in Pearl Harbor attack. The Pentagon said Tuesday it would exhume the remains of nearly 400 sailors killed when the USS Oklahoma sank in the bombing of Pearl Harbor. The ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941 surprise attack from Japanese forces.
Max Muggeridge, 19, from Coomera in QLD was camping at Tweed Heads just across the NSW border with his girlfriend when the pair decided to go for an early morning fish. An avid angler, Mr Muggeridges couldn't believe his luck when a huge four metre tiger shark took a bite of his line, and he spent the next three hours trying to bring it to shore.
Aaron Hernandez saw his friends kill Odin Lloyd but did not commit the murder himself, defense claims in closing arguments of his trial. Aaron Hernandez, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister. The former New England Patriots football player's defense claims he saw his PCP-taking friends kill Lloyd but didn't commit it himself.
Yaphet Kotto: James Bond should only ever be played by a white actor. The very first black James Bond villain has said the legendary secret agent role should only be portrayed by a black actor and 'political correctness be damned'..
Iain Duncan Smith's 'Marie Antoinette' moment as he suggests zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours'. Labour said the moment by the Work and Pensions Secretary showed 'just how out of touch the Tories are' about the lives of working people. The future of zero-hour deals has become of the key issues of the election battle over jobs, with Labour pledging to ban exploitative deals.
Fox News anchor Chris Wallace has issued an apology after 'fat shaming' Kelly Clarkson in a radio interview. During the interview with conservative talk show host, Mike Gallagher, the 67-year-old was asked: 'Have you seen Kelly Clarkson?
The Exorcist: The Vatican trains exorcists to recognise demonic possession. The Vatican are training up ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions. The tenth edition of the annual course, 'Exorcism and Prayer of Liberation,' sponsored by the Vatican Congregation for the Clergy, the department responsible for overseeing matters regarding priests, began this morning at Rome’s Regina Apostolorum University.
The families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets' home opener at Citi Field, while the widow of American Sniper Chris Kyle pitched in for the San Diego Padres. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground. The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny.
Taichung Funeral Home in Taipei, Taiwan was turned into a makeshift gentleman's club when the dance music began pumping and neon lights started flashing as the girls went through their moves on the morning of April 12. Dressed in little more than underwear and thigh-high boots, the exotic dancers showed off their moves in a scene more fitting to a strip club than a funeral home. Bringing a whole new meaning to the phrase Drop Dead Gorgeous the women gyrated around the coffin to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger in front of the open-mouthed mourners. At one stage
Celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern California desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival - the first big arts and music festival of the summer season. As in previous years, the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as Azealia Banks, Tame Impala, Alabama Shakes and Interpol.
Cheetah enclosure: Mother of 2-year-old boy who fell 10ft into cheetah exhibit at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo could face child endangerment charges. The mother of a two-year old boy fell 10 feet into the pit at a zoo in Cleveland, Ohio, after witnesses claim she was dangling him over the edge. His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury. He suffered minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital.
Kendra Spears gives birth to first child. American model, 26, who has been known as Princess Salwa since her marriage to the Aga Khan's son Prince Rahim, has given birth to her first child. The baby, a boy named Prince Irfan, was born in the Swiss city of Geneva last Saturday and both mother and child are doing well.
Teacher charged with soliciting sex with 14-year-old student. Whitney Fetters, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, turned herself into cops in February after other students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting $10,000 bail. On Wednesday, Oklahoma County prosecutors charged her with one count of solicitation of a minor and possession of marijuana. She had met the victim at the middle school when he was 12 and the two began sending each other harmless text messages, but last year, the messages became sexual.
KarlKarlie Kloss is spreading her passion for computer coding and empowering young women by teaming up with the Flatiron School in New York to offer teen girls around the country scholarships to the academy's software engineering program this summer. The 22-year-old's Kode With Karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the Flatiron Pre-College Academy.
Bec and Bridge show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. Internationally renowned design duo Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston unveiled their highly anticipated new swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday. Following a preview lunch on Sunday, attendees at the Carriageworks in Sydney were treated to a parade of models in skimpy bikinis and one-piece suits.
Measles outbreak: More than 140 children removed from school in Washington because they could not prove they have had the required vaccinations. The virus has swept several states in America and California and officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago. They are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died.
The products were designed as part of the Direct Line Everyday Fix design makeathon. They asked people to pick their top ten 'everyday emergencies' - things that caused them an undue amount of stress in their daily lives. Groups from London-based design company Makerversity were then asked to design products that could alleviate certain emergencies - and three were picked for a shortlist. These include forgetting to lock the door.
Nick Nick Clegg was heckled by tuition fees protesters while out campaigning in Surbiton, South West London, today - while Lib Dem supporters tried to intervene. Mr Clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only the Lib Dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor.
Christina Mejia: Mother of 20-year-old killed in car crash sues Cook County sheriff's deputies for taking nude photos of her daughter. Sheriff's deputies undressed the body of a woman who was killed in a car crash and then took inappropriate nude photographs of her at the side of the road, her mother has claimed. Her daughter, Jessica, was killed when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole. When deputies arrived on the scene, they improperly removed clothing from her dead body and took photographs, according to the lawsuit
Rhino magic drive the trade in rhino horn. These rhinos are nothing to do with dinosaurs or with any vanished world. They're mammals, just like you and me, and they're as admirably adapted for the current century as we are. They’re as modern as a child born yesterday.
Mo Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace where she had begun a new role at the Royal Collection Trust, when she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster. The leading art and design figure, who had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle, was the fifth cyclist killed on London's road this year.
Prisoner in Oregon slapped with 30 days in jail for flashing judge. Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon when he managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture, despite being in handcuffs. The outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days for contempt of court.
Guinea pigs stolen from top breeder by rival competitor. Police investigating the theft of 12 prize-winning guinea pigs from a top breder have not ruled out - a rival competitor. Heartbroken owner Tony Tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality rodents stolen leaving more ordinary rodents behind.
Florida man wanted as a suspect in the murder of his own mother has been on the run from police since Saturday. Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother Sandra Shemansky, 57, was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden. The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check.
KristKristina Schake, 45, is reportedly behind the drive to get another first lady - ex-secretary of state, Hillary Clinton - elected president. She will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician - who is expected to announce her run for White House this month - from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer, more accessible one.
Gun-wielding Good Samaritan stops carjacker from stealing woman's car by shooting him in the shoulder. The woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white Honda as the teenage carjacking attempted to drive off at speed from the Fast Track Car Wash in Smyrna, Georgia. But the incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot.
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ‘mock war’ Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held – even when the structures and surrounding homes are ringed in defensive veils of chicken wire Fortunately, severe injuries are rare in Vrontados during the fiery celebrations. Preparations last all year, while on the Saturday morning participants parade their hardware through the village in lorries, honking their horns.
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a special tape of favourite children's songs for the Queen Mother's 90th birthday in August 1990. Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret to accompany herself and The Queen for the performance. The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time, which were incredibly popular when the Queen and her sister were growing up.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers. The suspect said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him.
Book Review: Naturalists in Paradise by John Hemming. Back in 1961 three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon.
Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year. Called Guitar Hero Live, the revamped game features a redesigned guitar, live-action actors and an online music video network.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer, called Ewing’s sarcoma, aged just five, and her parents were informed she only had three months to live. Incredibly she went on to defy all the odds against her, eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse.
Vietnamese woman slapped after being told to weigh her luggage. A passenger became so angry during an argument about overweight luggage that she slapped an airline employee. The Vietnamese woman was waiting to board at Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, when the incident took place.
Oklahoma roommates fight over which phone is better. Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14 around 1am. The men were arguing over which smartphone was better, police said.
Qantas gives koalas a taste of Business Class service. Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence. The furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on Monday.
Gravity Payments CEO Dan Price slashes his $1million salary to the same as his lowest-paid worker. Over the next three years, Gravity Payments will offer at least $70,000 salary to all of its 120 employees - even the most junior customer service representatives and clerks. He's also taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries. Dan Price, the CEO of Gravity Payments, is slashing his own salary 93percent.
Books about Islam are flying off the shelves and selling out in France after the deadly Charlie Hebdo terror attacks in Paris raised questions about the religion. Sales of books about Islam were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year, according to the French National Union of Bookshops.
HillaryHillary Clinton is deadly serious about attracting young and tech-savvy voters in 2016, hiring a new digital guru who hails from the world's most powerful online brand. Stephanie Hannon, who was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact, will serve as her presidential campaign's chief technology officer. In that role she will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state's brand through the 2016 elections.
Historic crescent designed by Buckingham Palace architect to be demolished and replaced with £500m luxury flats. Park Crescent West, next to Regents Park in London, is set to be worth in excess of £500million. The crescent was originally designed by John Nash in the early 19th century to be grand houses for the friends and family of the Prince Regent. But it was destroyed by bombing during the Second World War.
NSWSES warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise, abusing people’s goodwill as NSW is ravaged by wild weather. The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page.
Japanese artist Megumi Igarashi denied the charges when she appeared in court on Wednesday. 'I am innocent because neither the data for female genitals nor my art works shaped like female genitals are obscene,' she told judges at Tokyo District Court.
Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. Awash with a sea of colour, sounds and smells, a stunning water carnival has exploded into life in China. Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere.
Shoppers take advantage of cheaper milk, vegetables and clothes as a result of the supermarket price wars and the falling price of oil. Shoppers are taking advantage of the falling prices of supermarket staples as they cash in on the low cost of oil. Milk, bread, eggs, cheese and roasting chickens have seen the biggest fall in price at the supermarket checkout.
Miss Ohio 2012 beauty queen Shayna Hubers 'cackled' with glee on night Ryan Poston was shot dead by girlfriend. Audrey Bolte, who also finished runner-up in Miss USA, told prosecutors she was looking forward to seeing Poston, 29, at a bar to play pool and drink on October 12, 2012, but he failed to arrive. That was because Shayna (pictured) Hubers had shot him six times at home.
Claudio Giardiello, 46, kills four people in Milan court shooting rampage. Claudio, 46 (pictured), is said to have first killed his lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani, 37, and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge Fernando Ciampi in an act of revenge 'against those that ruined me'. Prosecutors said the attack was carried out with 'cold premeditation'. A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack.
Katie Hopkins was today branded 'toxic' after saying boats in North Africa should be 'burned' to cut immigration - just hours after up to 900 migrants drowned in the Mediterranean Sea. The 40-year-old former Celebrity Big Brother contestant said the vessels 'need pushing back' and asked listeners to a radio show: 'Why do we take on everyone else's problem?'
Jimmy Anderson breaks Sir Ian Botham's England wicket-taking record in his hundredth Test. Fast bowler Jimmy Anderson made cricket history in the Caribbean on Friday by beating the great Sir Ian botham's record with his 384th victim in his 100th Test. Anderson's marquee moment in his landmark Test arrived in his 21st over when, crucially for his team, he had West Indies captain Dennis Ramdin caught by captain Alastair Cook.
Timewarp home which has remained unchanged since the 1930s is up for sale complete with original features including stained-glass windows, oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food. The collector’s paradise in Horfield, Bristol, which has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen, wood-panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards. With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned, the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000. The most eye-catching room is
How posh is your house?. Politicians' living quarters are under close inspection in order to establish just how human and how like (or unlike) us they really are.
Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal. The alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week.
Lithuanian talk show An Hour with Ruta has accused Norway of stealing their children in an attempt to tackle 'the highest rate of inbreeding in the world'. An introduction to the chat show argued that Norway's Child Protection Service (Barnevernet) argued that it was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children which were seen as a'sought-after commodity'.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City. He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week. Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video, which was recorded last month.
Ryanair passengers allowed in cockpit of mid-flight. An investigation is underway after two passengers were allegedly seen making frequent visits to the cockpit during a Ryanair flight from Dublin to Berlin Schönefeld. Two women, who were believed to be off-duty Ryanair members of staff wearing their staff lanyards, were passengers on the plane and were not wearing their uniform. The Irish Aviation Authority has decided to probe the incident, which took place on Good Friday.
Woman who lost more than three stone in six months by using gastric band hypnosis is mistaken for her husband's new lover by his colleagues. Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, transformed her appearance leaving her almost unrecognisable to friends and family. She dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year.
UK Oil & Gas Investments backtracks on claims South of England has as much oil as the North Sea. Last week, UK Oil&amp; Gas Investments (UKOG) boasted it had discovered a 'world class potential resource' beneath the Home Counties. The oil exploration company claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin, covering Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent.
David Nicholson, 48, sent the woman explicit messages saying he was 'keen' on her dressing up like a pupil and was 'looking forward to putting you over my knee', it is claimed. The married father-of-four has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire, since the correspondence came to light last month, and has now left the school.
Missing 15-year-old girl Lauren York found in Ohio. The search for Lauren York, 15, who ran away from home on her bike early Sunday morning in North Ridgeville, Ohio, has ended after she was found in the same town safe and sound Monday afternoon. She was last seen leaving her home around 4am.
Restaurant manager branded the'stingiest boss in Europe' for charging a mum 36p to heat up her baby's feeding bottle. Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca. But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill.
Child Protection Services seize two 'free range' children of mother and father whose unusual approach to parenting has become a national debate. Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi, 10 and Dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own. On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home.
Celebrity bad-taste at Coachella. One man decided to ditch all the outfit-choosing hassle and simply dressed up as a mummy, wearing a full bodysuit in the scorching sun. Another pair are trussed up in neon tutus and floral-adorned bras.
Married doctor accused of sexually assaulting three female patients while pretending to carry out medical tests. Habeeb Latheef, 48, told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their level of feeling. Instead the family GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip.
Sandra Bullock was horrified when she discovered that Joshua Corbett had broken into her house last summer. Terrified Sandra, 50, who was in her property at the time, was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard.
Girl, 2, found naked in car wash parking lot two hours after being abducted. A two-year-old girl in southern California was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot after disappearing from her mother at a car wash. The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday. Her girl, who has not been identified, was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away.
Transgender woman who had her face injected with cement and tire sealant shows off new look. Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil. Rajee had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured.
How to wear Barbie to the streets of Dubai. If Moschino's latest collection is anything to go by, Barbie will be our style icon this season. But does the look work in real life? And will you garner attention for the right reasons?.
Baby hippo mauled to death after getting caught up in a fight between two adults. The helpless five-day-old hippopotamus was seen being hurled into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male, which was tussling with its rival. The calf was dragged along the surface of water and died hours after the tussle, with its mother looking on in horror.
The picture, taken by a person who claims to be a student at Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne, is believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. In the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen. Mr Barr resigned from his position after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat.
Icelandair flight 671 was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff. The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed.
Taliban henchman suspected of murder in Afghanistan has won the right to stay in Britain on human rights grounds. The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted that his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops, but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety.
Danila Kislitsyn, 31, killed 1,000 dogs by giving them poisoned sausages in Vladivostok, Russia. The 31-year-old told police it was his duty to eliminate stray dogs from the streets saying they posed a threat to people and needed to be wiped out. He was arrested as part of a campaign by animal-rights activists who had spent two years monitoring him.
Police are investigating claims made by a former royal footman that Clarence House aides tried to force him into an orgy in the 1970s. Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House.
Orange is the New Black: Foxtel to screen every episode in marathon. In an effort to counter rival Netflix's entry into the Australian market, cable TV's Foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black by screening every episode in a full season marathon. A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate - under which both foextel and rival Netflix share the rights - allows frostel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well.
Red squirrels spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District after 16-year absence. Native reds have been almost wiped out in the country, except for a few pockets in the north of England, the Isle of Wight and Scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from America in the 19th century. But now, red squirrels have returned to one of Britain's most stunning beauty spots.
Housing chiefs accused of hypocrisy for opposing plans to revive Margaret Thatcher’s flagship right-to-buy policy. The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday's Tory manifesto launch. But housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the 'right to steal'.
Twin 18-month-old boys who died after falling into Arizona canal identified as Eli and Silas Keslar. While authorities in the southern Arizona town have not yet officially identified the victims, a Go Fund Me page set up this weekend named them and their parents, Mark and Alexis Keslar. The fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has already raised over $10,000.
Emily Ratajkowski reveals how she maintains her enviable figure. She shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke's steamy Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside industry heavyweights Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike. Ever since, Emily has become an object of desire for men worldwide - and women everywhere are desperate to emulate her curves.
Gone With the Wind dress worn by Vivien Leigh fetches $137,000 at auction. The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler, played by Clark Gable, and when she gets attacked in the shanty town. Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday.
Ava Gardner's Knightsbridge flat goes on the rental market for more than half a million pounds. The spacious five bedroom home, based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years, offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room.
HillaryHillary Clinton ended her whirlwind New Hampshire campaign swing on Tuesday afternoon in another state entirely, taking taxpayers for an 80 miles-per-hour ride all the way to Boston – to catch a flight with first class seats. Her Secret Service-provided 'Scooby' van motored from Concord to Boston Logan International Airport, escorted by troopers from both New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs. But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday.
Receptionist who stole £19,000 from the hotel she worked at has been told to pay back just £1. Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds at a Premier Inn in Newcastle and took the money for herself. Bosses noticed the high level of refunds and CCTV showed Goodall taking money from the till.
Utah National Guard officer sacked for allowing bikini models to use military vehicles for photo shoot. An investigator has blamed sexism, including pornography sold at base stores, for the attitudes that led to Army members joining British bikini models for a photo shoot. Three soldiers were disciplined with reprimands last year and forced to pay back the $200 in military fuel that was used for the shoot, which included the British models riding in tanks and firing a range of weapons. The Utah Department of Public Safety imposed the discipline in December on Rob Wilkinson, a Utah Highway Patrol sergeant, and Justin Hansen, a State Bureau of Investigation agent.
The British Army is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for a secretive psychological warfare unit intended to combat Islamic State’s domination of the internet and social media. The specialised 77 Brigade, launched with great fanfare in January in response to the jihadis’ mastery of online propaganda, is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel. Earlier this year, it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media and psychological warfare exponents who would enable UK forces to fight wars ‘in the information age’. But The Mail on Sunday can reveal that even when fully
Married at First Sight: Jaclyn Methuen confesses to Ryan Ranellone that she wanted to be a runaway bride. The stars of Married At First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series, but all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise. The newlyweds enjoy a romantic dinner in Puerto Rico during their honeymoon, but things soon get awkward when they run out of things to talk about.
DEA is expected to resign soon, an Obama administration official said Tuesday. Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007.
Dental dangers of the 'desk diet'. Some breakfast cereals can contain as much as three teaspoons of sugar per serving – this is around two and a half chocolate biscuits. Inconsistent labelling means that even the 'healthier' brands can also be culprits.
Iowa Lottery worker accused of manipulating system to collect $14.3m payday. Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January for illegally playing the lottery and having a friend collect his prize. Now prosecutors believe he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system.
Tattoo Tales follows the journey of some of the customers of Bondi Ink, a busy tattoo parlour on Sydney's Eastern beaches. For the past three years, Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011.
Detective Ian Cyrus, 49, has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty. Five New York Police Department (NYPD) detectives went to the Brooklyn store on Friday April 3 and arrested two employees accused of selling untaxed cigarettes. Officers reportedly took money from the cash register and packs of cigarettes as evidence.
Andy Murray's mother Judy can't wait to be a grandmother. It's been just a few days since Andy Murray tied the knot to his long term girlfriend Kim Sears. But already his mother Judy is hopefully that he will soon take the next step and start a family.
Neolithic ornaments reveal how farming spread across Europe. The first farmers came to Europe 8,000 years ago and spread early agricultural practices, starting in Greece. But Northern Europeans during the Neolithic period, initially rejected the practice of farming, which was spreading throughout the rest of the continent, researchers claim. Their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming.
Minnesota teen charged with killing father-of-five after argument about swearing. Peter Kelly, who leaves behind a wife in addition to five children under the age of nine, was killed on Tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend argued with three teens. One of the teenagers, Levi Acre-Kendall, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide.
Man who boasted about Tesco robbery on Facebook jailed for four years. Andrew Hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site - stating he was 'Doing. Tesco. Over' at 7.25pm on February 13.
Canada seal hunt: Horrific images show baby seals being clubbed to death on ice floes. Horrifying images taken only yesterday show seals being shot and wounded before they are dragged onto a vessel - where they are clubbed for their fur. Photographs of this year's commercial hunt off the coast of Newfoundland were captured by animal rights charity Humane Society International (HSI).
Seven signs your body is under stress. Charlotte Watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body, meaning it shows up in some surprising ways. Below, she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one.
Artist Thomas Lamadieu takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings. The space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art'.
Former soldier reunited with long-lost son after 25 years. The post by Lewis Helget, 27, appeared on Darren Goddard's timeline when he logged into the social networking site with the intention of deleting his account. A quarter of a century earlier, the 48-year-old had made the heartbreaking decision to leave behind his 18-month-old son.
Chicago Cubs fan catches foul ball in her cup of beer. The woman, identified as 24-year-old Krista Dotzenrod from Minnesota by the Chicago Sun Times, said it was 'pure luck.'.
General Motors unveils self-driving car with 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights'. Called the Chevrolet-FNR, it boasts a futuristic capsule design among other interesting features. The car is only a concept for now.
Cystic fibrosis sufferer Victoria McKennon refuses to take part in high school graduation. Victoria McKennon is just one class short of fulfilling the necessary requirements to graduate from Plano Senior High School in Texas. The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits as she struggles with her life-threatening condition.
David Priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife Diane, who was struggling to breathe and whose tongue and lips had turned blue. An investigation has found that an ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes to reach the 57-year-old at her home in Shildon, County Durham.
Italian maths teacher Pietro Boselli admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at UCL. The 26-year-old maths teacher who has taken the internet by storm for being the perfect mix of beauty and brains has spoken out about his new-found fame. Pietro, 26, originally from Brescia, Italy, says that he originally tried to hide his modelling from his colleagues at the University College London (UCL) where he taught for fear they might 'look down on him'..
Pregnant Texas woman killed after husband runs her over. A pregnant Texas woman has been killed after she was run over by her husband during an argument - but doctors managed to save her baby. The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road, South West Houston.
Hookers for Hillary support Hillary Clinton for president. A group of Nevada sex workers have come out in favor of Democratic contender for president. The group, calling themselves Hookers For Hillary, all work at Dennis Hof's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City. The legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement.
Hamptons beach-side apartment complex obliterated by flames. Smoked poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building eventually collapsed. It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine. At least that's according to a new school textbook that takes the meaning of the phrase're-writing history' to a whole new level.
Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl. With superfans already eagerly camped out at St. Mary's Hospital ahead of Kate Middleton's due date, it seems that the birth of Prince George in 2013 did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies. And it's not just Brits that are starting to make excited estimations, the frenzy has reached America.
Russian military inspectors have arrived at a huge Nato war games exercise off the coast of Scotland, it emerged yesterday. They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression.
Asparagus-delivering drone crashes into a field as it makes its way to Dutch restaurant. A Michelin-starred restaurant burned its first batch of asparagus after the drone flying it in crashed live on TV. Ronald Peijenburg, owner of the De Zwann restaurant in Etten-Leur, has previously used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver the first crop of the seasonal vegetable. But the drone crashed and exploded mid-journey in the Netherlands.
Indiana woman who duped new mother into believing she was a child-welfare worker charged with murder. Police Sgt Chad Boynton said Monday afternoon police had not yet been in contact with Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, who police say is being treated in Texas for depression. Fleming was living with her boyfriend, but disappeared with her three-week-old baby Serenity.
Judge who leaked details of Charlize Theron's adoption forced to hand in law licence. Circuit Judge Michael Maggio has avoided a disciplinary hearing over the conviction, for which he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July.
Mother-of-two who was abused by her own father speaks out after he was jailed for 22 years. Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, said: 'My dad used to tell me he only did it because he loved me. I was more like his wife than his daughter.
Britannia cruise ship review: Master patissier Eric Lanlard is on-stage recalling how he once refused to bake a'very rude' cake for Naomi Campbell. 'Her PA said: "But it's for Naomi!" I told her that I didn't care if it was for the Queen.'.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine. Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats. On April 27, Gupta attended a match on Roosevelt Island, during which he slipped on a patch of grass and slammed his body against the retaining wall.
'end of days' band brawls with cops in Walmart parking lot. Shocking footage of a vagrant Christian family band attacking police officers has been released. The video taken from a patrol car dashcam in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight. The Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation.
Frances Clarkson shows off her tanned figure in a white bikini as she relaxes on a beach in Barbados. As Jeremy Clarkson continues to battle to save his career after being sacked form Top Gear, his estranged wife has been enjoying a family break in the Caribbean. The 53 year old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over Easter in the skimpy swimsuit, which was covered in a black palm tree print.
Teacher Kaitlyn Granado, 24, a teacher at MacArthur High School in Irving, was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail. Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, also accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in January this year.
Parisian photo-stylist recreates high fashion adverts. Photo stylist Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF. The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne.
Airport codes: Why you will be landing in Malaga, Spain, at an airport with the code AGP. While many main airports have codes which make sense, such as JFK for John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, of LHR for London Heathrow, others can leave passengers baffled - or in fits of laughter. From unfortunate codes such as OMG and SUX to the funny LOL, there are some seemingly very random three-letter combinations around the world. Airline Codes features 438 airports from 94 countries, allowing users to finally understand why certain airlines are tagged as they are.
Hillary Hillary Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin didn't leave a tip during their now infamous stop at an Ohio Chipotle on Monday - despite there being a jar on the counter. 'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' Charles Wright, manager of the Maumee, Ohio, restaurant, told Bloomberg.
Jay Rutland, 34, who is married to the 30-year-old daughter of Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone, saw his company bring in just £3,378 over the 12 months to July 2014. The training consultant’s firm Brigante Business Developments, based in Battersea, south-west London, is listed in company records as providing ‘management consultancy activities’.
TonyTony Blair yesterday faced accusations of'megalomania' over an interview in which he vowed to set up his own 'leaders club' of ex-statesmen – and appeared to dismiss the need for democracy. The ex-PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments, saying: 'You can get some of these guys who are fantastic executors. Why not use their talents and their experience?'
Mystery puzzle game gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. If you’re bored of crosswords and sick of Sudoku, an enigmatic new riddle game may be just the mental challenge you need. An intentionally mysterious app called None* gives users a single clue to start with, a black screen and a small keyboard. There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users, or indication of what the purpose of the game is.
Man, 21, arrested after Clacton 'altercation' leaves 54-year-old man dead. James Gregoire, known as 'Pongo' was killed in what Essex Police are describing as 'an altercation' in the town. His body was found in an alleyway between Beach Road and the town's Covered Market. A second man was seriously injured in the brawl.
Top-paying companies in America: Netflix pays $180,000 a year, Google $143,000. Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com. Google, which has 53,000 employees, is by far the largest employer on the list.
Police officer accused of murdering Walter Scott will be banned from seeing his first-born child for several months. Patrol officer Michael Slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks. He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania, who already work in the UK, are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain from their home country. Employment agency Mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks.
Father arrested for trying to build barricade on bridge where his 16-year-old daughter died. Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday. Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County and into the water below.
Chinese couple guide blind husband around with bamboo sticks. These loving images show it really was in sickness and in health when this Chinese couple made their wedding vows 55 years ago. Devoted wife Wei Guiyi, 76, has guided her blind hubby Huang Funeng, 80, around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern China for 30 years since he lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition.
Eritrean refugees told how they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of Islamist gunmen who patrol the towns and beaches of the North African state searching for 'infidels'. Haben, 19, told MailOnline: 'We are Christians but we had to deny our faith otherwise the gunmen would kill us, slit our throats and cut off our heads.' He and his brother Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from Libya - one of the worst maritime disasters since the end of World War Two
Aluminium battery that recharges in less than 60 seconds. The battery consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte. These sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch. It can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity.
Stephanie Scott's body identified. The remains of high school teacher and bride-to-be Stephanie Scott have been formally identified. The 26-year-old's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon by police in an area where her accused killer went on regular camping trips.
Police commissioner faces probe over £500,000 donation to charity. Vera Baird, the Police and Crime Commissioner for Northumbria, faces a Ministry of Justice investigation after allocating more than half a million pounds of public money to a charity of which she is the director. Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Sue Sim.
Alan Turing notebook sold at auction for £700,000. The 56-page document, believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript in existence, was written in 1942 at the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, in Buckinghamshire. It will be sold by Bonhams in New York on Monday.
Shelley Dufresne admits to having sex with 16-year-old student in plea deal that gets her out of prison time. A 32-year old English teacher admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16 year old student, in a forgiving plea deal. She will not have to serve any prison time or register as a sex offender.
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million. It looks like something out of a science fiction film but this modern mansion is nestled in prehistoric Australian rainforest and suspended over it's own lake... Just watch out for crocodiles. The property, called 'Alkira,' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny, features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots. Located at 3726 Cape Tribulation Rd in Daintree, Queensland, the house and land is the only place in the world where two World Heritage listings
Almost half of under-30s say they are battling constant back pain. Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis. Chiropractors blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and an obsession with mobile phones for a sharp rise in the number of young people with back and neck problems. And they warn that children as young as 12 are seeking treatment.
Britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy an Apple Watch. The most expensive Edition model costs up to £2,500 more in the UK compared to elsewhere in the World, while at the lower end of the scale British buyers pay £63 more for the Sport model. Apple is thought to have sold more than one million of its smartwatches in the first 24 hours it was available for pre-order.
BMW driver rams shirtless man in the street after road rage row. Footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window in east London. Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which culminated in the 25-year-old driver of the white BMW accelerating and hitting the other man in broad daylight.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued a Forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions. First Lady Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling which gave the public a first look at the stamp, which features a picture of Angelou's face and one of her famous quotes.
Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday. Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick. Both ships are owned by Royal Caribbean.
X Factor finalist Ella Henderson joins forces with dry shampoo brand Batiste. The 19-year-old has been announced as the official face of the Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign, and this will mark the star's first brand collaboration. The campaign images shows the singer stood against a blurred and vibrant city background showcasing a variety of hairstyles.
Woman dies after taking a lethal dose of diet pills she bought online. Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol, or DNP. After accidentally taking the lethal dose on April 12, she began feeling unwell at around lunchtime - and drove herself to the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital.
Alan Turing notebook could fetch $1m. A handwritten notebook in which Britain's Enigma machine genius Alan Turing admits he is baffled by an equation could fetch up to $1million (£690,000). It was written at the Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942.
Father-of-four who vanished during Barcelona stag do forced to walk 20 hours to find his own way home. Marc Carn, from Plymouth, Devon, was drinking in an Irish bar with ten friends near to Las Ramblas on Saturday night when he suddenly disappeared. After he failed to turn up for his flight back home, Mr Carn's worried family contacted the Foreign Office in a bid to track him down. He then set off to try and find his friends - and only arrived at the British Consulate this afternoon.
Peter Endean, who is standing for Nigel Farage's party in council elections, re-tweeted an image with a caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon'.
Former Chancellor Ken Clarke has bemoaned the Conservatives' recent electoral performances, complaining that they 'haven't been able to win an election for 23 years' as the party has 'become much too right-wing' Mr Clarke also took a swipe at Defence secretary Michael Fallon's claim last week that Mr Miliband would'stab the country' in the back by ditching the Trident nuclear deterrent in the same way he had knifed his brother David during the Labour leadership campaign. Mr Clarke, who served four years in David Cameron's Cabinet, is known for his outspoken views, and is one of the few remaining Tory cheerleaders for
David Cameron's first proper walkabout of the election campaign greeted by a man with a ukulele singing: 'F*** off back to Eton'. The Tory leader, who has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters, embarked on a tour of the streets of Alnwick to drum up support for his re-election. But he was reprimanded by one local woman for the 'name-calling' in the campaign.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband James, who was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder when he returned from Iraq. But following their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, where she had once been a Sunday school teacher, the lawyer said.
The 100th anniversary of the landing of Anzac troops at Gallipoli during World War I has been commemorated by the creation of a freshly minted $2 coin. The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers, and the words 'Lest We Forget'. It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi released on bail. The alleged mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai terror attack which left 166 dead has been released from jail, Pakistani officials revealed. His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims of the three-day onslaught, which was blamed on the banned Pakistani militant group LeT.
Facebook's Sidebar status feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app, complete with an illustrative picture, but it's currently only available to selected people for testing. Here, they can see short updates such as'making blueberry scones at home' and 'watching the game at home'.
Burger King employee threatens customer with slap after customer complains about unsatisfactory milkshake. Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milkshakes that she had just been served. After four separate requests to speak with a manager, the customer finally got the employee's attention. The customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument.
EasyJet and BA are among a host of major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights thanks to the walk-out, which will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours. Experts fear up to half of all flights between the UK and France could be axed, depending on how strongly the strike holds.
No warrant had been issued for Walter Scott's arrest when he ran from Officer Michael Slager moments before he was shot dead, it has been revealed. Court records show he was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments. But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge, despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012.
Mother suspected of abandoning newborn baby girl in South Carolina dumpster turns herself in. The baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon when he heard her crying. Inside he also found the umbilical cord and placenta. The 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition, and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released.
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look, despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health. According to a new study, while just over half of women worry about the long term damage of beauty treatments, nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even it it proved hazardous to the health.
Good Samaritan given £70 parking ticket for helping elderly woman. Drew Hollinshead, 21, stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement. But as he helped her for less than a minute, a traffic warden put a £70 ticket on his car.
Eight Nauru guards suspended after posting anti-Islamic messages on social media. Eight guards at the detention centre were found to have posted on their Facebook accounts promoting the controversial Reclaim Australia rallies – which were held around the country on April 4 to protest against Islamisation and the influence of'minorities' and 'radical extremism' in Australia. The guards – seven of whom are former Australian Defence personnel - 'frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as 'the enemy' A former staffer at Transfield subcontractor Wilson Security said the guards - seven of which are ex-defence personnel - frequently referred to
Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford reunite for Star Wars panel. The force wasn't with everyone during the Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens panel held at California's Anaheim Convention Center on Thursday. Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamil were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out. Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo.
Slovakian model accused of murdering her British millionaire ex-boyfriend forced to sell her home to pay her legal bills. Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after former partner Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain. The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakia town of Nova Basoca after police put out an international arrest warrant.
Prague airport forced to hire porters to carry luggage up 32 stairs. A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital – transporting travellers closer to the airport than ever before – but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have a moving staircase. That means porters are left to carry travellers' heavy bags up and down the steep stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station, in north-west Prague, from 5am to 10pm every day, free of charge.
Schwarzenegger has unleashed a tirade against Indiana's polarizing Religious Freedom Restoration Act, saying the new laws are 'distracting and divisive' for the Republican Party. While the legislation has sparked a nationwide outcry, with many claiming it legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays and causing boycotts of the state, the actor and former California governor has a different take on the controversy.
13-year-old Maryland boy rescues himself and his sister from house fire. A 13 year old Maryland boy provided firefighters with instructions during a 911 call and got himself and his little sister rescued after his family's home caught fire on Sunday morning. Marcus and his nine-year old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton. The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped because it was too hot to get out through the hallway.
German air traffic control officials today called for technology that ground staff could use in an emergency to take remote command of a plane. Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of the Deutsche Flugsicherung authority, urged the aviation industry to develop the system which could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash last month.
Cockapoo Darcy travels the world with her owner May Wong. May Wong’s four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe - visiting 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York, Berlin, Stockholm, Milan and Paris. She takes more trips with her owners every year than the average Briton.
College professor charged after he called driver a'moron' and threatened him during road rage incident. Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday. The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?'
Auschwitz Auschwitz survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old Oskar Groening. Groening, known as 'The Bookkeeper' for his role in the camp in Nazi-occupied Poland, was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions. Between May 16 and July 11, 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there, with 300,000 being gassed just after arrival.
Fans of rapper Tinie Tempah were left furious when the star turned up hours late to his own 'intimate gig' and only performed two songs before leaving. Music lovers paid nearly £40 to see the singer perform in Canterbury last night - only to wait for more than three hours for him to arrive.
Hoda Muthana, 20, who abandoned the west to wage holy war in Syria and call for homegrown attacks in the United States, spoke out about her decision to ditch her life as a college student in Hoover, Alabama, after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a Muslim. She said she enrolled on extra courses at the University of Alabama, where she studied business, then promptly dropped them to cash in the refund checks. Instead, she conferred with jihadists online, and posted messages inciting fellow American Muslims to murder their countrymen.
Migos arrested after drugs and guns found in their van. Rappers Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night and taken into custody. According to NBC News, all of the band members have been denied bond.
Schools should be forced to promote gay relationships in sex education lessons, union leaders say. The National Union of Teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government.
Michael Slager, 33, laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the deadly shooting in South Carolina earlier this month. The dashcam footage showing Scott, 50, a Coast Guard veteran, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him, was released to the media on Thursday. The camera continued to record for another hour and a recording of the audio feed, including the conversation between Slager and a senior officer, was obtained by The Guardian. 'By the time you get home, it would probably be a good idea to kind of jot down your thoughts on what
Energy drinks like Red Bull are causing children to behave badly, a teaching union has claimed. Of the 3,500 teachers it surveyed, 13 per cent cited ‘use of caffeine and energy drinks … as a driver of poor pupil behaviour’.
Minneapolis police officer threatens to break legs of teen who claims he was pulled over because of racial profiling. Cellphone footage appears to show a Minneapolis Police officer threatening to break the legs of a teenager who claims to have been pulled over for racial profiling. The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends. 'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest.
Part of a fiberglass boat spotted floating off the coast of Oregon is thought to be more debris from the 2011 Japanese tsunami. The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday. Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium inspected the boat remains and and found'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan.'.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months, while entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks. The findings emerged in a survey of 2,000 people commissioned by Barclaycard.
Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009. Since then, legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions.
New York woman's body left dangling from fire escape for more than an hour. The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights, the New York Post reports. Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by told the Post she initially thought the body was fake.
Grant Shapps accused of doctoring Wikipedia pages to promote himself. The Tory party chairman is accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page in the online encyclopedia while putting unflattering updates on the pages of others. A furious Mr Shapps denied the claims, published by the Guardian, describing them as an 'extreme dirty tricks campaign'.
Jessica Silva has spoken about why she had to kill her abusive husband and revealed she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did. On Sunday night, Jessica Silva speaks publicly for the first time about the day, Mother’s Day 2012, when she stabbed and killed her partner, the father of her young son.
Identical twins are more likely to vote the same way than non-identical twins. As a society we believe that our political allegiance depends on which party best marries up with our needs and values. But research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties.
The skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Korea’s Silla Dynasty, leading some experts suggesting that the set-up could even have been designed to show two people having sex. Burying the dead along with a human sacrifice was common in ancient Korea. But an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers, one of whom may have been killed so the pair could lie together for eternity. The tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last December in Hwangnam-dong, a neighbourhood of Gyeongju City
Rev. The Revered Al Sharpton appeared on Sunday in North Charleston and is expected to attend a vigil for Walter Scott, the black driver who was fatally shot by a white police officer. The Rev.
Seven in ten DIYers end up injured. If you are thinking of attempting some DIY this weekend watch out – nearly seven in ten of us end up injuring. A poll of 2,000 Britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating.
Shailene Woodley, Kate Moss and Lupita Nyong'o reveal their beauty secrets. They may have millions in the bank and the most prestigious beauty houses bending over backwards to gift them products, but our favourite A-listers don't turn their noses up at cheap and simple tricks when it comes to beautifying. From Shailen Woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot to Kate Moss submerging her face in cucumber water, it seems the stars' best kept beauty hacks start in the kitchen.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, left his wife Mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries to the chest, torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity. But today it can be revealed that her married postman lover, Nick Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
Nafir Afzal: 'Another 7/7/7' could happen unless Britain makes sweeping changes to the way it tackles terrorism. Hundreds of British teenagers see ISIS as 'pop idols' like One Direction and Justin Bieber, putting children in danger of being radicalised, the country's most senior Muslim prosecutor has said. He said that an over-sensitivity to political correctness and 'fear of appearing racist' by 'white professionals' may have stalled justice.
Boris Johnson will move centre stage in the Conservative election campaign next week. The London Mayor, who has been largely invisible at a national level despite being the second best known Tory in the country, will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron.
Holly Barber, from Manchester, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains – but chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before. But when the 25-year-old started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious.
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike. Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. Boasting front and rear lights, rear view mirrors and even a car horn, the team behind the electric Babel Bike say it is unprecedented in its approach to safety. And perhaps most noticeable of all is the roll cage that surrounds the cyclist - keeping them safe against trucks and buses turning into them.
Climate change may have enabled the earliest humans to venture into Western Europe 1.4 million years ago. Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Researchers believe that the spread of our distant human ancestors, the hominins, had been halted by colder and drier temperatures. But as conditions warmed, they were able to branch out from Africa into Spain.
Canadian adultery website Ashley Madison targets British investors. Ashley Madison, an online dating agency, is betting on Europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year. It's founder Noel Biderman, 43, wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states.
Obama and Castro shake hands ahead of historic meeting. The gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro shook hands on Friday at a summit in Panama, a symbolically charged gesture as the pair seek to restore ties between the Cold War foes.
Sandra Mathis, 52, surrendered to police just after 4.45pm in the 1800 block of Commercial Street after police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband's upper torso. The 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck. He was taken to UCSD Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead from his injuries two hours later.
North Carolina mechanic whose son was murdered nine years ago found an inscription dedicated to his fallen son on a car he was working on in his body shop. John Brynarsky's son Chris, a custom paint job expert, was shot and killed in October 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in Union County, North Carolina. When he was shot, he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it.
Police are hunting Peter Fox, 26, after his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in an alleged double murder. The body of Sarah Fox, 27, was found by police on Thursday night, just hours before her 57-year-old mother Bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation in Bootle, Merseyside.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged. The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store', according to the posting's description.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in the Ugandan capital Kampala in connection with the death of Joan Kagezi, who was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against Islamist terror network Al-Shabaab. The 36-year-old is one of 16 former Guantanamo prisoners awarded a £20million payout from the British taxpayer over claims of false imprisonment and human rights abuse.
CoCoachella 2015: From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos. When it comes to the Coachella festival, a number of suspect looks crop up each year including hippie ensembles, outlandish headgear and plenty of skin.
Malaga: The city of Museums. Chances are you've been to Malaga. Well, the airport at any rate. Every year, millions of us pass through on the way to the beaches of the Costa del Sol or palaces of Granada. But, now, the southern Spanish port is having a moment.
Baby Peter's body found in Norfolk pond 27 years on. Hayley Grimes, 42, was just a teenager when she found the body of Baby Peter wrapped in a blanket and Sainsbury's bag in Weasenham St Peter, Norfolk. The mother, who has not been named, told officers she had put the body into the lake, known locally as Windmill Pit, after going through the trauma of a stillbirth.
My 600lb Life's Marla McCants stands up for the first time in years. An 800lb woman, whose weight spiraled out of control after she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage, finally stood up after years of being bound to her bed and taken care of by her three daughters. When viewers first met Marla, from Nashville, Tennessee, on last night's season finale of My 600lb Life, doctors determined that she was only months - maybe even weeks - from dying. And even after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, the 43-year-old
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa. Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans – including pregnant women and babies – who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead in recent days.
More than a third of GPs are considering retirement in the next five years, a survey shows. Another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including Canada and Australia, where the pay is higher and workload less stressful.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West'represent a family for the new world'. The 29-year-old creative director has revealed he was inspired to feature the couple - who have a 22-month-old daughter North - in the label's spring/summer 2015 men's campaign. They are one of the world's most famous couples and have quickly gained respect among the fashion elite.
Nearly 100 dogs rescued from barn in Tennessee. The dogs, who had been living in complete darkness, were found last Saturday in the barn in Manchester, Tennessee; many emaciated, 'living in several inches of their own waste' and close to death. The 97 dogs were in conditions that Animal Rescue Corps described as the worst they've ever seen.
Div Divorce laws in England and Wales should remove the need for allegations of adultery and blame, Britain’s most senior female judge has said. Baroness Hale of Richmond said that she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes.
Julius Caesar may have suffered from mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state. Julius Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety. Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack, highlighting other symptoms such as vertigo, dizziness and weakness in his limbs.
Three men and one teenager jailed for £1.5m jewellery fraud. Using a flat-pack wooden cabinet as a ‘Trojan Horse’, one of the thieves was to hide inside. The gang then planned to put real money in a briefcase and show it to a jeweller at a pre-arranged meeting, before placing it on the floor. Then, while a price was being agreed, the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes.
Jarret Stoll arrested for drug possession in Las Vegas. Los Angeles Kings forward Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, on drug possession charges, and looked wide-eyed and alert in his mugshot. He is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports.
Council bans Indian food stall from St George's Day event because it 'only wanted English food'. British-born stall-holder Tania Rahman, 27, was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand at the celebration later this month. But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall, Chit Chaat Chai, would not be allowed because it is not 'English-themed'.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11, having battled leukaemia since 2013. The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news.
Marco Rubio claims people are 'born with a sexual preference' while insisting state legislators should decide whether or not to allow gay marriage. The presidential candidate spoke to CBS's Face the Nation after admitting in an interview he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he didn't agree with the decision. The Florida Senator told Bob Schieffer that he wasn't against gay marriage, but believes the 'definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman'.
Mother-of-two Kelly Parsons, 35, from Morden, south west London, has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy, thanks to her willingness to go through the painful donation procedure. In the space of 11 months, the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy. Kelly and her train dispatcher husband Dean, 41, had a daughter, Charlotte, now 11, in 2003.
French coach driver forced to perform U-turn on narrow river slipway in Devon. Terrified Gallic customers were said to have clung onto their seats as the driver slowly shunted forward and back.
Secret Service puts White House on lockdown after four-year-old child climbs under temporary bike rack. A four year old child climbed under a temporary bike racks along Pennsylvania Avenue triggering Secret Service to put the White House under lockdown. The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon.
Britain's biggest purpose-built air raid shelter, which could hold 6,500 people, was so sophisticated it even had electric lighting and flush toilets. The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport in the 1930s, and were originally intended to provide car parking spaces.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, who is the son of Rochdale politician Shakil Ahmed, was arrested with eight relatives – including four children – in a remote Turkish border town earlier this month. However, it is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly from Dalaman into Manchester Airport later this evening.
Alabama man freed after 15 years on death row. William Ziegler, now 39, was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001 for killing Russell Allen Baker, an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in Mobile the previous year. Today he is a free man again after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder.
Candice Bergen reveals she was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years. Five time Emmy-winning actress Candice, now 68, confesses that her father belittled her looks and favored his dummy. She reveals that she would sit on one of her father’s knees at the breakfast table and Charlie McCarthy sat on the other.
Grizzlies' Marc Gasol chats with special needs boy on the sidelines. This is the adorable moment an NBA basketball player and a special needs child shared an enthusiastic chat and a high-five after a game. Marc Gasor of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night. That's when he stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sideline, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five.
Niamh Geaney, 26, from Dublin, found her 'twin stranger' in Karen Branigan, 29, through a social media campaign she launched with friends. The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days and it attracted submissions to their website TwinStrangers.com from across the world.
Pensioner is living in fear after his Jack Russell saved him from a badger the size of a large pig with six-inch teeth. Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam when the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs. Mr Cooper, from Curry Rivel, Somerset, said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there.
Mexican border town of Tijuana was left horrified after witnessing staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish on the menu. The authorities have closed a total of six Chinese restaurants in the local area since police raided the Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana.
Lucy Verasamy's visit to Raymond Blanc's Oxfordshire cooking school. Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons had been on my wish list for a while - and Mum is such a huge fan of Raymond Blanc she once confessed he could be her Mastermind subject. It had been a dream come true.
Homeless people in the Bay Area are being handed free smartphones by multi-billion dollar tech companies in the hope that it will get them off the streets. A group called Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets which come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather.
Seal pup dies after being run over by a boat. The female seal, who was called Sponge Bobby by rescue workers suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact. The force of the collision broke Sponge Bobby's jaw causing her a painful death off the Dorset coast. The six-month-old seal had been earlier rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties.
Transgender DJ Munroe Bergdorf: 'It was the best decision I've ever made'. She's a glamorous model making her name by spinning records in London's party scene, but until she was 18 Munroe was a boy called Ian. The beautiful DJ, 27, from east London, has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London. But now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens.
Shona Banda, 37, who published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for Crohn's disease, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas. Her boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services.
Marion 'Suge' Knight chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom after he fell at a previous bail hearing. The Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk. Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, told the judge walking was not a problem despite the earlier fall. Knight has pleaded innocent and his lawyers have denied he intentionally tried to kill Carter and Sloan.
Mother diagnosed with ovarian cancer after spotting Facebook post. Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period.
Westerners fighting for ISIS are taking part in a sickening circle of violent one-upmanship in order to prove themselves to commanders who consider European militants little more than cannon fodder. Ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as Chechnya and East Africa, the Westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq. This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases, such as the seven savage filmed beheading videos featuring depraved British terrorist Mohammed Emwazi, also known by the name
French customs officials at Nice airport said the drugs were found after a flight arrived from the Caribbean French officials said the illicit drugs, worth more than €1.3million (£950,000) in street value, were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in Nice on a flight from the Dominican Republic
Doaa and Umm, whose names have been changed to conceal their identities, were smuggled from Raqqa, in Syria, to southern Turkey after leaving the al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year. The pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee. In an interview with Sky News Doaa, who left after her Saudi Arabian husband blew himself up in a suicide attack, said women also received a'standard' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper Islamic dress.
Yvonne Deegan defends GP at centre of Guernsey death probe. The widow of one of four patients whose deaths are being investigated on the Channel Islands last night spoke out to defend the GP at the centre of the police probe. Her husband Bernie Deegan, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle.
Labour leader Ed Miliband will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the UK if he becomes Prime Minister. He will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto, due to be published tomorrow, as he attempts to fight back in Scotland – a key General Election battleground. Under Mr Miliband’s plan, the Scottish Parliament will be given the power to ‘top up’ payments which are reserved to Westminster, including jobseeker's allowance, disability living allowance or even the state pension. But the move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the Union at risk.
Grandma convicted of murder in shooting death of her third husband. A 73-year-old grandmother has been convicted of murdering her husband Robert Harris, 72, three decades after being acquitted of killing her second husband. A jury in Placerville, California, took less than two hours on Wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder.
Celebrity Infinity cruise ship sickened by norovirus. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members. The agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up.
Gavin Gavin Thorman, 36, of Caernarfon, Gwynedd, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool, where he boasted in Welsh that he would make'millions' when he got out of jail. Thorman organised the supply of cocaine and cannabis from Liverpool and Manchester in one of the largest conspiracies of its kind in North Wales.
Rand Paul's campaign store has expanded to include an array of unconventional SWAG, including the 'Rand on a Stick' item feature above, as he kicks off his presidential campaign. An ophthalmologist by trade, the store contains eye charts bearing Paul's name and his campaign slogan because 'we need a president who can see clearly,' as the site states.
Police officer in Toronto, Ontario, dyes his hair pink in protest against homophobia. A police officer has dyed his hair hot pink in order to protest homophobia, discrimination and any acts of bullying towards LGBT people. In celebration of Canada's Day of Pink, an annual event aimed at raising more awareness and understanding about the LGBT community, police officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow police officer Luke Watson on Twitter.
Kim Kardashian reveals the products that give her that envy-inducing glow. With her contoured cheeks, flawless glow and smokey eyes, let's face it, who doesn't want to look like Kim Kardashian? The 34-year-old reality TV star once shared a snap mid-way through her makeover revealing her contouring tricks, a new beauty craze was born. And now, the secret behind her glowing skin has been revealed.
Two small boys, ages 5 and 3, drowned after the child-sized all-terrain vehicle (ATV) they were riding crashed into a pond in a rural area of Northern California. The California Highway Patrol says the boys died Sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore. Investigators say the 5-year-old, identified as Blake Cronkhite, was driving the 50cc ATV, and his younger friend, Jayden Secrest, was on the back.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her ultra-short hairstyle for Veep. The 54-year-old, who stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show, was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles over the years, while also leaping to the politician's defense. 'Hillary Clinton has gotten so much sh** for her hairstyles.'
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace to prepare for the imminent birth of their new baby, MailOnline can reveal today. The couple, whose second child is due on Saturday, returned to their London base, just a few minutes' drive from the private Lindo Wing at St Mary's, Paddington, on Sunday night after spending the weekend at Kate's family home in Berkshire.
South Africa: South Africa Protests Statue of Cecil Rhodes. White solidarity groups in South Africa are protesting over the removal of a statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes from the University of Cape Town. The monument of the controversial historical figure is set to removed today, after South Africa's oldest university voted to ditch it following a month of protests against the statue.
Alexander Kutner's safari in South Africa's Sabi Sands. Crawling commando-style underneath an open-sided Land Rover, I came virtually nose to nose with a 4,500lb horned rhino. I tried to slow my breathing as she looked straight at me. I needed to be calm to take my shot.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather Fred Hatch in the communal garden of their sheltered housing complex near Cardiff. Mr Hatch's worried wife Enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the house from the garden. She then discovered Rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband before fleeing to press a panic alarm.
Optimal case warns you when your phone is getting too hot and cools it down. Sending dozens of messages or playing games for hours can cause your phone to overheat, which can drain battery and even damage the device. Now an Israeli team of developers has built a 'thermal protection' case that not only warns you if your phone gets too hot, it will automatically cool it down. Called Amited, the case uses micro-fans to blow heat away from the device, or can heat a phone using resistance coils if it gets too cold.
Police in Hagerstown, Maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into. Chief Mark Holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early Friday morning.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York. State police troopers went to the home at 1229 Exchange Street Road after the couple's son, Douglas Mess Jr., 29, reported that his father was missing.
Woman killed after being struck by car fleeing police in San Francisco. Officers tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on Friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns. But the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her. The San Francisco medical examiner's office identified the woman on Saturday as Bridget Klecker, 42, of San Francisco.
Italian police arrest three Syrian men who tried to smuggle $800,000 worth of migrants to Europe on luxury yacht. The luxury yacht, which was flying a Turkish flag, was stopped as it approached Europe with a 'cargo' which is thought to have been worth $8,500 (£5,700) - or £536,000 - to the organisers. The boat is the latest vessel to be stopped making the dangerous crossing from north Africa to Europe, packed with migrants desperate to start a new life. On Sunday alone, 900 men, women and children are believed to have died after their boat got into difficulty
Victoria Wasteney, 38, says she was branded a ‘religious nutcase’ when she was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist, after her colleague Enya Nawaz, then aged 25, accused her of trying to convert her to Christianity. Victoria, a born-again Christian, was working at the St John Howard Centre in Homerton, east London, when she became friendly with a junior colleague Miss Nawaz.
Richard Lapointe, 69, freed from jail after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother. A 69-year-old mentally impaired man from Connecticut celebrated walking free from jail today after spending more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother. Last month a court ruled Richard Lapointe was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail.
Russian bullion lost in the river Clyde. Evidence has emerged of a wartime blunder that resulted in millions of pounds of Russian gold and silver bullion, supposedly bound for America, being lost on a former Irish Sea ferry, converted into a battle cruiser with her superstructure stripped to take part in a dangerous Arctic convoy. The bullion was to pay the Americans for arms shipped to Russia during one of the most crucial stages of the Second World War. It is not known if it was ever recovered.
For the Love of Cars for a second series. The Channel 4 programme, hosted by actor Philip Glenister and car designer Ant Anstead, celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars.
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, ESPN's Adam Schefter reported. He will join the team just in time for the start of the off-season program.
Education Secretary of State Nicky Morgan today signalled she would quit the Cabinet if the Tories entered a power-sharing deal with Ukip. Mr Farage sparked controversy last week when he used a televised leaders' debate to target people with HIV coming to Britain.
Bradford brewery sees spike in sales after George Galloway Twitter spat. Matthew Halliday, the owner of the Bradford Brewing Company, said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row. Mr Galloway, who doesn't drink, responded to the beer makers, saying: 'What does that mean?
How to make you feel slightly happier everyday. According to author of Happier People Healthier Planet, Dr Teresa Belton, they're all completely free.
The latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone. Forget botox or chemical peels, the latest celebrity Beauty craze in Hollywood is having tight jaw lines. And I'm not just talking about 20-something's, but even amongst the over 40's, and the 50-somethings, there wasn't a slackened jowl in sight.
Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum to build six-storey super car park in London. The ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff. It is being built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames, allowing him and his associates to arrive by helicopter and jump straight into whichever luxury car they like.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6.
Ed Ed Miliband is paying an Argentinian company which has attacked ‘vulture’ American bankers to help him become Prime Minister. Left-wing, Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates.
DIY brain stimulation kits for children being sold online. When young school students perform poorly in their classes, the usual antidote is more study, but desperate parents are instead opting for potentially dangerous DIY brain stimulators to motivate their child. For a few hundred dollars, one can be purchased online from various sites and delivered to your door.
Germanwings plane may have been 'hacked' before crash. The theory has surfaced in a letter to the respected Financial Times newspaper from aviation boss Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace. The French Alps tragedy which occurred on the flight between Barcelona to Dusseldorf has been widely blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 28.
Ecuadorian airline fools 40 tourists into thinking they have flown to Costa Rica. The publicity stunt saw the tourists enjoy white water rafting, swimming near waterfalls and hiking, but it seems that Costa Rica was not amused by the ruse. The unusual video sparked a diplomatic incident, with the Costa Rican government and Ambassador to Ecuador complaining.
Indiana woman suspected of kidnapping and killing young mother to steal her newborn baby. The suspect, who has not been identified, lives in Gary, Indiana, where the body of the victim, Samantha Fleming, was found Friday wrapped up in plastic and doused with bleach. Police believe the woman went to the home of 23-year-old Fleming in Anderson, 180 miles away, posing as a Child Protective Services employee and convinced Fleming to come with her to Gary.
Google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive, as well as deleting part, or all, of the record. From medical problems to travel plans, your Google searches can reveal a intimate snapshot of your life.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced. He went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie.
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found hanging inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of Chicago. An autopsy has been scheduled for Wednesday, but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two's death as a suicide.
Man arrested in connection with death of Syrian imam Abdul Hadi Arwani. A 48-year-old Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and 'actively' campaigned against extremist, his family have since revealed. He was found slumped in the back seat of his black Volkswagen Passat in Wembley, north west London.
Chernae Noonan stops BeneFit Cosmetics from using the term 'Brow Bar' exclusively. Chernee Noonan, who founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar, has blocked the cosmetic giant's application to trademark the phrase. BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy (LVMH), which is run by Bernard Arnault.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas, injuring 30 others before he was shot himself. Staff sergeant Shawn Manning, who was shot six times with two bullets still in his body, told Fox News: 'I think it's almost unheard of for someone to receive the Purple Heart but not have their injuries deemed combat-related.'.
David Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits. He died aged six in 2009.
Kentucky man arrested after riding drunk on horse. A Kentucky man has been arrested after police say he was found under the influence while riding a horse on US 23. Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police.
Obama calls for end to psychiatric therapy for gay, lesbian and transgender youth. The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn. The petition currently has over 120,000 signatures.
Russian-Ukrainian film about legendary Soviet sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko is aiming to be a hit in both nations despite the crisis that has turned the former allies against each other. Titled 'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across the border in Ukraine, the movie – about a female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 Nazi troops – is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived. The $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both
Teenager with life-threatening brain tumour is left paralysed and unable to dress himself. Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her long-term boyfriend, Jackson Byrnes, after he was diagnosed with a stage four tumour four weeks ago. The 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday by renowned neurosurgeon Dr. Charlie Teo.
'Child 44', starring Tom Hardy, Vincent Cassel and Gary Oldman, tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the Stalin era. It is based on a novel by British writer Tom Rob Smith and was due to premiere in Russia today.
Australian military adviser Adam Cobb arrested in US on child pornography charges. Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography after allegedly uploading images to the social networking site, Tumblr. The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island.
Harley Renshaw, five, is cancer-free after creating a superhero mask to help him through his treatment. Harley, from Stretford, Greater Manchester, was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones. But his Ninja Turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy.
Pulitzer Prize for journalism goes to Charleston, South Carolina newspaper. It is one of the most prestigious honors bestowed upon journalists and people in the arts. And today, the Pulitzer prize for journalism went to The Post and Courier newspaper.
Hillary Clinton's great-grandmother was born in Merthyr Tydfil in the Welsh Valleys, and from an early age supported her widowed mother. Official records show she was working as a servant by the age of 12 but in reality she may have been working even earlier. She went on to marry William Jones, a coal miner from Neath, in 1871 and the couple settled in Ystradyfodwg.
KFC apologises to shocked family after a restaurant broadcast a steamy sex scene while they were tucking into their dinner. Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday. But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film, being broadcast on the restaurant's television. The scene was from risque Stars network show 'Outlander' - a British-American drama about a married World War II nurse.
Two bodies found amid wreckage of light aircraft after it crashed near loch in Argyll. The bodies of two people have been discovered amid wreckage after a small aircraft was reported missing around 30 miles east of Oban this afternoon. The plane was travelling from central Scotland to Tiree, the most westerly island of the inner Hebrides, when it went missing. The Maritime and Coastguard Agency earlier said that three coastguard teams had been sent to the scene.
Ghost town that once housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in Kansas is a ghost town. Hidden along a dusty dirt track across several miles of scenic hills, it was formerly home to a post office, a grocery store and even a school house. But now, Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, is a shadow of its former self, with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair.
Michael Slager shooting of Walter Scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police. The fatal shooting of an unarmed black man fleeing from a police officer has stirred outrage around the nation, but people in this South Carolina city aren't surprised. They call it inevitable in a police department they believe focuses on petty crimes and fails to keep its officers in check. There is almost nothing in Michael Thomas Slager's police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light. People in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong
South Carolina police shooting victim Walter Scott's funeral: Pastor says his death was'motivated by racial discrimination'. Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, launched an attack on officer Michael Slager, who killed Scott last week by shooting him five times in the back, referring to him as a 'disgrace'..
David and Victoria Beckham have won a planning battle against their next-door neighbour over proposals to install air-conditioning at his new mansion. The A-list couple want to install the air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and large wine cellar at the £31.5 million west London home. But one neighbour was furious with the proposals, claiming it 'will affect the historic character of the Victorian house of the streets, my house included'.
Alison Saunders was forced into a humiliating climbdown after a jury threw out yet another Old Bailey case. She abandoned the trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information.
Florida woman charged with DUI manslaughter after allegedly hitting and killing 13-year-old girl in the street. Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller, 21, of Apopka, Florida, has been charged with driving under the influence manslaughter after she allegedly hit and killed Trinity Bachmann, 13, who was sitting in the middle of the road in February. Miller's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08.
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring, which belongs to Daniel Roark, while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013. Now, in honor of the lucky reunion with their ring, Mr and Mrs Castillo have renewed their vows - and even asked Mr Roark to serve as their 'padrino de anillo', or 'godfather of the ring' for the ceremony, which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon.
Bobby Brown spoke for the first time about his daughter Bobbi Kristina in Los Angeles on Saturday night and admitted: 'I dunno what the hell ​I am going through right now, but I am giving it to God and letting him deal with ​it.' In an emotional outburst during a concert Bobby appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter's ongoing battle for her life.
Julio Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. The driver, who was convicted in February, is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph, twice the speed limit, when the incident occurred just after midnight on March 3, 2013.
Nigel Nigel Farage insists he did not 'lose my rag' after rounding on the audience of a live TV debate for being too left wing. The Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall as he faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants.
Ronald Anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend, according to court documents obtained on Friday. It all took place on his birthday. Anderson was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington, D.C., suburb of Prince George's County. He was released the day of his arrest.
New Instagram account Hot Dudes With Dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs. Now boasting 148,000 followers, the account relies on submissions via direct messages, and is dedicated to finding and posting images of the hottest guys with the cutest pups they can possibly find. The account's tagline is: 'These dudes with dogs will make you drool more than man's best friend', and #muscles and #mutts are regular hashtags.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, crossed over the Turkish-Syrian border last February and are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa. Begum has forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade – an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago – and it is understood the trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of ISIS. Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons, the group has been accused of doling out savage
Holly Willoughby and Davina McCall team up for Garnier Nutrisse campaign. They're national sweethearts and two of television's golden girls. And now, This Morning presenters Holly Willoughby and Davina McCall have joined forces in their first campaign together.
Jury selection in Colorado theater shooting case enters final stage. A union plumber, a school teacher and a survivor of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre were among the 19 women and five men chosen to serve as jurors in the death penalty trial of Colorado theater shooter James Holmes. Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado.
Little Rosannah Gundry, 19, with seven kilogram cancerous tumour in her belly. Rosannah, from Baradine in north western New South Wales, was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year, after a specialist at Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital discovered the football-sized tumour, which weighs more than half her body weight, growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine. The tumour had wrapped itself around her organs and up her spine to near her heart, and was releasing huge amounts of adrenaline, which meant that the toddler needed to be put on heart
Alex Alex Salmond has stepped up the pressure on Ed Miliband saying he won't be able to avoid a deal with the SNP and was 'foolish' to rule out a coalition. The former SNP leader, who is bidding to return to Westminster, said the Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the Scottish nationalists in the event of  hung parliament.
Tunisian boat captain Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night, some 24 hours after his overcrowded boat capsized in the Mediterranean. Before leaving the Italian coastguard vessel, however, he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of Malta.
How to get the enviable physiques of the stars. This week: Sienna Miller's waist.
Tories set to steal Labour’s thunder by unveiling tax breaks for workers on the minimum wage. The Tories are set to outflank both Labour and the Lib Dems on the issue of low pay with a firm commitment in their own manifesto, released today. A text message intended for a senior aide to George Osborne - but accidentally sent to a newspaper - yesterday divulged plans for a 'tax free minimum wage'. The details are unclear.
Ukip has failed to outpoll the Liberal Democrats for the first time since 2013 in a fresh blow to Nigel Farage’s faltering election campaign. An exclusive ComRes survey for the Daily Mail and ITV News shows the Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with Ukip.
An An extraordinary image has emerged of what appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an Aussie Digger wearing a slouch hat. The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye.
Children caught throwing rocks at police in the Northern Territory will be removed from their families if their parents don't 'get off the grog' and bring them home, the local government has warned. The Northern Territory’s Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs surrounding the Easter holidays.
Size 28 woman who was a bridesmaid three times is celebrating shedding six stone - and is planning to walk down the aisle as a bride. Frankie Ruttledge, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 10/12. The 24-year-old ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years.
David Axelrod pays no tax in Britain on £300,000 salary. Ed Miliband’s US adviser pays no income tax on his reported £300k salary, he has admitted. He masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama and was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year.
Florida woman charged with DUI manslaughter in 2013 crash that killed Orlando businessman. Dana Marie McKinnon, of Oviedo, was taken into custody Tuesday on charges of DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide. She is being held at the Orange County Jail on $10,150 bail.
Father plans to sell his own kidney to fund life-saving treatment for his three morbidly-obese children. Sisters Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, and their 18-month-old brother Harsh, are among the world's heaviest young children. Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5 lbs (15kg) respectively, the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month.
Should you take iron pills to treat hair loss?. A lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss, possibly because it means less oxygen is delivered to the hair follicle.
Rob Rob MacFarlane shared his first picture of 'Little Mac' on social media on Thursday morning after the crapping critter presumably made the climb over the course of the night. The crane he was working on stands east of the Rogers Centre at Yonge and the Esplanade in downtown Toronto.
Plus-size model Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, who once earned up to £2,000 a day after dropping three dress sizes, loses three stone in two months. The Derby-based model was secretly'repulsed' by her body, so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in just two months - going down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone. She lost a further stone herself after she left No 1 Boot Camp in Norfolk - a reality TV star favourite - dropping to 11 stone, and slipping into size 12 outfits.
A stunning bride rode to her wedding on the horse she saved from dying of starvation. Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days.
Family members of a family are at the centre of a criminal probe into their GP. Detectives raided Dr Rory Lyons’ private health centre and medical officials have suspended the 62-year-old from treating patients.
Turkish teenager returned home from work to find his entire family were dead from suspected food poisoning. Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in Alintepe in the country's eastern Agri Province.
Leanna Norris, 25, of Auburn, Maine, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before by covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket, a court heard. The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine on June 24, 2013. The court heard that Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression, and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter.
Dino Maglio, who is on trial in Padua, northern Italy, was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on Tuesday after the girl reported being drugged and raped while staying at his home. Prosecutors said Maglio spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill.
Georgia man accidentally shoots armadillo in his backyard. Lee County Sheriff's deputies said that 54-year-old Larry McElroy fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on Sunday night when he saw the vermin in his Leesburg backyard. Armadillo's are known for their armored shells which protect them in the wild against bears and wild cats.
Asda recalls dummies over choking risk. Supermarket giant Asda has been forced to recall dummies which could pose a choking risk to newborns for the second time in two years. The chain was alerted to a possible fault in the packs.
Michelle Obama has issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own. 'I've got a driver — a 16-year-old driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on Live!
'asking for it'. A new campaign from Rape Crisis London has captured hundreds of women across London in various outfits to point out that no matter what they choose to wear they are not asking to be raped.
New Japanese beer claims to make women beautiful. A new collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company Suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful. As it gets older, the body’s reserves of collagen deplete.
Married at First Sight: Jaclyn Methuen admits she has a crush on Ryan Ranellone. 'Day one, I was freaking out. Day seven, oh man, I have a crush,' 30-year-old Jaclyn says in preview for the latest episode.
David Cameron to claim Labour's economic policies risk putting a million people out of work. The Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks, worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff, for a further five years. He will hail the 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day.
Natalie Bennett said the so-called ‘citizens income’ – which critics say would cost £280billion – would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer. She said another Green pledge – to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’.
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport as he returned from Syria, where he is believed to have been fighting the Islamic State. The 43-year-old, who has an army background, was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list.
Lizzy Hawker's inspirational memoir is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now. Runner: A Short Story About a Long Run.
Eth Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses. Known for pristine beaches and crystal clear water, the Maldives has recently come under scrutiny after the country's former president, Mohammad Nasheed, was found guilty of terrorism charges earlier this year.
Gold Coast City Council to crackdown on illegal party houses in suburban areas. Tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses on the Gold Coast after years of complaints about boozing and scantily-clad women. There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise, nudity, lewd behaviour and violence.
Prince William’s trophy room at Sandringhampton removed from public display. With its stuffed rhino heads and gleaming white tusks, the trophy room was a relic of a bygone era – as well as rather embarrassing for animal welfare crusader Prince William. But now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the Queen's Norfolk estate.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi in a 2013 coup. The American-Egyptian citizen, who grew up in Michigan, Missouri and Ohio before attending Ohio State, moved to Egypt to be closer to his mother during her cancer treatments.
Five Afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry after travelling 200 miles across Britain. It is thought the migrants had climbed into the British-registered truck in Belgium before crossing the channel and entering the UK illegally.Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors on the A40 near Churcham, Gloucestershire.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of NSW. The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressing rapidly', according to Homicide Squad commander Detective Superintendent Mick Willing.
Michelle Mone has put her £1million luxury townhouse up for sale so she can buy her ex-husband out of their 'dream' mansion. The 43-year-old entrepreneur bought the three-bedroom property in the Park Circus area of Glasgow for £780,700 after she split from her former husband Michael in December 2011.
With just a bird, a gas lamp and a net, each morning, fisherman in China keep a special, thousand year old tradition alive. Sailing peacefully across a river, the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method, which was first practiced in 960 AD. The men, pictured in southern China, release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft.
Spring has finally sprung and it's time to get outdoors and take advantage of the warm weather and vivid colours. Whether you prefer a stroll around The Netherlands' Keukenhof Gardens, largely recognised as one of the world's most beautiful springtime wonders, or to take in the sights of the Smithsonian alongside Washington's cherry blossom trees, there are plenty of incredible blooms on display all around the globe.
Hundreds of runners from across the globe have taken part in North Korea's Pyongyang marathon - perhaps the most isolated international sporting event in the world. Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers.
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy. When a star reaches its white dwarf stage, nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star. This means that, for close encounters, the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides, caused by the difference in gravity's pull on the near and far side of the planet, are greatly enhanced.
Asda apologises after sheep farmer's leg of lamb is imported from the other side of the world. Sue Sharp was shocked to find a stamp on the £11 joint saying it had come from New Zealand despite Asda's packaging claiming it was born, reared and slaughtered in the UK. Mrs Sharp, who runs a 1,600-acre sheep farm with her husband Robert, had purposely sought out British produce.
Rare Rare photos of Captain Robert Scott's expedition to the South Pole and an American Civil War flag are among the items expected to fetch tens of thousands of pounds at a unique auction in London later this month. More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects – with estimated values of £500 to £30,000 – will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at Christie’s South Kensington.
Sabra hummus dip recalled over listeria concerns. More than 30,000 cases of Sabra's Classic Hummus dip are being recalled after Sabra, the manufacturer, said they could be contaminated with Listeria. Sabra Dipping Co. said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores. Both supermarkets and food service accounts had received products.
Heather Mack,19, smiled and laughed as she cradled her baby Stella - born last month - in a holding cell at the Denpasar District Court as she announced: 'I should not be sent to prison because I'm innocent. I didn't murder my mother.'
Half of hospitals are letting patients jump NHS queues for cataract surgery if they pay for it themselves, an investigation has revealed. Some are charging up to a ‘shameful’ £2,700 for one eye – treble what it costs the health service – raising suspicions that they are ripping off elderly patients.
School bus driver couple found with 30 guns in secret basement bunker. Steve and Sarah Nick built up the huge arsenal, including a 50-caliber machine gun, a sniper rifle, and 17,000 rounds of ammunition, after it was claimed they stole more than $50,000. Many of the 30 weapons were legally owned, but the couple, who are said to have links to the Michigan militia, are accused of plundering Mrs Nick's 67-year-old mother's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul.
Nicola Sturgeon booed as she refuses to rule out holding second independence vote. Nicola Sturgeon was booed last night as she said she would not rule out calling for another independence vote in the next few years – despite having earlier claimed 2014’s referendum was a ‘once in a generation’ event. She said she wanted to wanted to do a deal with Mr Miliband so she can influence the policies of a Labour government and keep it 'honest'.
One Direction fan tries on Niall Horan's polo shirt. Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash the singer's shirt and underwear while he was staying in Augusta in Georgia for the US Masters, and then decided to try them on for size herself. The 20-year-old then took a photograph of herself in the star's pola shirt and posted it on Twitter. She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy.
Camilla and Andrew are the only two royals who are more disliked than liked, according to the poll. Despite courtiers’ efforts to have Camilla accepted into the nation’s hearts, 55 per cent are against the Duchess of Cornwall becoming queen when her husband becomes king. This is down from 73 per cent opposition at the time of her wedding to Charles in April 2005, but shows she has yet to win over most of the country. However, she is no longer regarded as the main culprit for the break-up of Charles's marriage to Princess Diana. The prince himself is held most to blame by
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2018: Fashion trends we won't be trying in real life. Mercedes Benz Fashion Week came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney, with the Johanna Johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood-inspired Sirens' Call presentation. Fashion trends that we won’t be trying any time soon.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone, according to researchers at the University of East Anglia. The demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk, a study published in the journal Conservation Letters says. Lead researcher Eleanor Warren-Thomas said: 'The tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of all natural rubber grown, and rising demand for vehicle and aeroplane tyres is behind the recent expansion of plantations. 'But the impact of this is a loss of tropical biodiversity.'
Police are offering a £5,000 reward for information on the whereabouts of a'very dangerous' convicted murderer who is on the run after being released from jail on licence William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull. He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort, who was found dead in 1996.
Boris Johnson: The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s. Britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars – the most since 2007 – and we are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe. Across the West Midlands – and indeed across the country – there are now literally thousands of businesses engaged in automotive innovation and supply.
A third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions. Psychologists and wellness experts have long-known that we're at our happiest when we're doing the things we love. But, according to one new study, a third of Australians are not doing what they love.
Germanwings pilot Andreas Lubitz had been treated for a psychiatric illness, it later emerged. The discovery sparked a debate over whether airlines should be given greater access to pilots' medical records. German privacy laws were introduced as a consequence of the Nazis. But German law meant it was left entirely up to him to volunteer his mental health problems to his employer, something he failed to do with devastating consequences.
Blue lights could help stop birds colliding with aircraft. The study, by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana and the National Wildlife Research Centre in Ohio, was published in The Condor: Ornithological Applications. They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes.
Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on the General Election ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn. Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before, winning 29 votes in the Haltemprice and Howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0.
Labour mayor who campaigned against austerity took £4,500 from school despite doing nothing for pupils. Joe Anderson, 56, the Mayor of Liverpool, attempted to justify the payments by saying he provided the school with 'kudos' for being linked to him.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was held at Birmingham Airport in the early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police. He was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers last night.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, lost his life tackling the inferno which began at Paul's Hair World in Manchester's Northern Quarter almost two years ago. The girl - who was just 15 at the time - is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight. She was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday.
These are the incredible shots of the American Southwest that a photographer captured with a fairly common lens - that of his iPhone, to be exact. Armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag, Kevin Russ hopped trains, dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down South. Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico.
10-year-old boy who beat a younger child to death in Canada went to his friends claiming that he had witnessed a 'big guy' strike the victim with a rock. Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan.
Kay Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head in a Texas road-rage accident. The brave church singer agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up and Evans, 22, has now been charged with aggravated assault.
'I Killed the Prom Queen,' Jona Weinhofen, holding a severed lamb alongside the words, 'here's the rest of your wool coat.' PETA later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed 'the realities of the Australian wool industry.'
NBC News has changed its account of how chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria, saying he was now most likely taken by Sunni rebels who tried to convince their victims they were government militants. The broadcaster had previously reported that the 2012 kidnapping of Mr Engel, which saw him held for five days and expecting to be killed, was carried out by forces associated with President Bashar-al Assad.
Transgender boy, 10, is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty. Like most boys, he always preferred football to dolls. But Kai Windsor started life as a girl – and knew from the age of three that he had been born into the wrong body.
Dog evicted from social housing for terrorising postmen. Mother-of-two Hayley Sandiford has been told she must get rid of her seven-stone American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will also have to leave her house in Blackburn, Lancashire. The pet has attacked several terrified postmen but Miss Sandiford says Royal Mail are victimising Winston and claims her family are being 'taunted all the time' by people in the area.
iRobot's lawnmowers could be ruining our chances of making contact with ET. Our quest for the perfect garden could be ruined by a robotic lawnmower. This is according to the National Radio Astronomy Observatory who is objecting to proposals by the Massachusetts company to release a radio wave-guided mower.
Woman, 52, shoots estranged husband, 59, after he breaks into her house and tries to kill her. Lisa Skinner shot the male home invader, who has now been identified as her estranged husband Bradley Skinner after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife. According to AL.com, his injuries are life threatening but she is expected to survive.
Crocodile swims through public marina with dead pet dog in its mouth. The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico, with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its jaws. New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when the attack happened.
Orangutan rescued from a chicken coop finds love. Budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to Jemmi less than a month ago and now the two apes appear to be inseparable. Indeed, video footage captured at the International Animal Rescue's orangutan center in Indonesia, shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit.
North West smiles as she arrives in Paris with her parents. The only child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West giggled as she sat in her pram while her mother pushed them out of the Charles-de-Gaulle airport. She wore a cute white knitted top with denim shorts and boots.
Islamic fatwa in Turkey allows Muslims to use toilet paper. A new ruling on begging, stating that anyone who begs and earns money beyond their immediate needs is 'demanding the fire of hell.' The set of rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves, called the Qadaa al-Haajah, was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented. Islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet.
Police have arrested two 17-year-old boys on suspicion of preparing to travel to Syria to join terrorists. The teenagers were detained at their homes in Coventry, West Midlands, during a 6am raid by the region's Counter Terrorism Unit today.
Johanna Johnson shows off Hollywood-inspired collection at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015. The curtain fell on Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 on Thursday night in a spectacular finale show by Johanna Johnson. The glamorous Hollywood inspired collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers, while the hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the Great Gatsby.
Cate McGregor: 'It was easier to tell David Morrison I was transgendered than I was going to become an air force officer'. 'I actually said to him "your party won't be thrilled about this",' she said, the ABC reports. However the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to Mr Abbott's stance on same-sex marriage.
Muslim couple who were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train said they intend to press charges over the verbal attack. Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, are a 'hardworking, honest and kind' parents of a little baby boy who moved from Pakistan several years ago seeking a better life in Australia.
Johns Hopkins gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams will receive $32m in legal fees. Dr. Nikita Levy, 54, was fired from John Hopkins Health System in February 2013 after it was discovered he had secretly videotaped and photographed women during pelvic exams. He committed suicide ten days later.
Scientists announced today that measurements made by the European space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised. Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation.
Elton John and REM's Michael Stipe join forces to call for equal rights of transgender inmates in Georgia prison. Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition following a February lawsuit from the Southern Poverty Law Center filed against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman. The lawsuit also said Diamond was without hormone treatment for three years and her body suffered as a result.
Computers may soon be able to transmit the complexities of human personalities, the Stanford professor who originally set up Google's X laboratory has claimed. Sebastian Thrun, who founded the Google X laboratory where the Internet search giant has developed Google Glass and driverless cars, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may be true for full personalities.
The mystery of a dead man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing. People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948. A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable. Even a handwritten note found hidden in the pocket of a man's trousers did not provide any clues to the identity
Helicopter hero travels 23,000 miles to find every chopper he had ever flown - only to find one had been converted into a posh camping facility. Jerry Grayson, who lives in Melbourne but is originally from Arundel, Sussex, set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he ever flew as part of Royal Navy rescue missions during the 1970s. But he discovered that one chopper, a Wessex Mark 1, has been kitted out as a so-called 'glamping' unit, accommodation for campers who want something more luxurious than a traditional tent.
Woman who allegedly dumped her quadriplegic son in the woods so she could spend the week with her out-of-state boyfriend is now facing an attempted murder charge, police have said. Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland ever since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday. Police believe the man had been left all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals.
iPhone camera could help detect cancer in just a few minutes. Scientists have developed a device that clips onto the smartphone and could even eventually be used at home. Their device uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells.
Truck crashes on elevated highway over subway and rail tracks in Boston. Hundreds of morning commuters in Boston were delayed today after a truck crashed on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am, and both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers with long queues forming.
Venessa Harris, 12, diagnosed with bone cancer just months after she won a talent search. The 12-year-old was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer on January 5 after a nasty fall, which left her with pains in her leg. At first doctors dismissed it as growing pains but shortly after discovered she had Ewing’s sarcoma.
David Cameron gets into a muddle over cream tea. It is the biggest culinary question which divides the Westcountry: when eating a scone, do you add jam or cream first? Today David Cameron waded into the long-running dispute. The Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon, before risking the wrath of purists by claiming 'it all tastes the same'.
Mother of schoolgirl killed by speeding driver who was on drugs had 'dark thoughts' about suicide. Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school when Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her. He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash.
New York Wheel to become tallest Ferris wheel in the world. Located next to the Hudson River the 630ft New York wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time, with one full cycle taking about 38 minutes to complete. It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show every night, in addition to alternative energy sources. A shopping mall and 200-room hotel are to be built next door.
Martin Alvarado Jr. appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin Eli O'Reilly. He was watching Edwin at their home in Cicero last Thursday when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change.
Mother, 55, arrested for allegedly dousing two teenage girls with bleach for cutting in line at gas station. Police say 55-year-old Deanna Rudison was captured on a surveillance camera at Quick Stop gas station in the 3300 block of Carondelet Street in New Orleans this morning splashing a liquid believed to be bleach at an 18 year old girl and her 15 year old friend. Just hours after the incident, which took place just before 8am Monday, the woman turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery.
Teenager who tried to buy deadly poison on the dark web spared jail. The teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, who cannot be named for legal reasons, ordered the deadly toxin off the 'dark web'. He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers.
German man who had his penis enlarged with silicone injections claims it now weighs half a stone. Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he says. It is now 9 inches long and weighs up to 9.4lbs.
Russian-language version of Apple's personal assistant Siri caught giving homophobic responses to questions about gay people. A man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme on his iPad a series of questions about his gay marriage, where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the UK. Purporting to be filming in London, he tells the camera: 'I was quite excited to learn that Siri has become available in Russian.'.
Oklahoma University student creates self-portrait of her body in Photoshop. Kelsey Higley, who studies art media at the University of Oklahoma in Norman, created a fascinating self portrait showing what it would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes considered beautiful. The 22-year-old's work, which is part of a project and has been published on video-sharing site Vimeo, shows just how different her frame might look if she had, for example, an hour-glass figure, or larger boobs.
Not Not a single Labour candidate mentioned the deficit as being one of the biggest issues facing Britain. Ipsos Mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties.
Boris Johnson'suddenly realised' that David Cameron is not his 'competition'. David Cameron has admitted Boris Johnson is locked in a behind-the-scenes battle with Theresa May and George Osborne to take over the Tory leadership. The Prime Minister said Mr Johnson now understood the pair were no longer in ‘competition’.
Rebecca Adlington: The Anantara the Palm Jumeirah. My husband Harry and I knew this was going to be a landmark holiday - the last one on our own for a long time. Our baby girl is due on June 4 and, when we touched down in Dubai, I was 28 weeks pregnant. You can't fly after that without a doctor's note.
'obsessed' woman detective used confidential police computer systems to spy on her firearms officer ex-lover and his new partner, a court was told. The 43-year-old, formerly of Lancaster CID in Lancashire, is accused of spying on her ex-partner PC Stuart Swarbrick 200 times between January 2013 and January 2014.
Tesco.uk has ordered its staff to get fit by dancing and running on the spot in store amid concerns about overweight checkout workers putting off customers. The supermarket giant published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes in a post on its staff website.
Angela Linton wrote the vile message, directed at gay teacher Thomas O'Brien, after a row about a school outing. The 47-year-old, from Handsworth in Birmingham, has been given a community order, told to carry out unpaid work and fined £185 for harassing the victim.
The Federal Court ruled on Tuesday that Australian internet companies, including iiNet and other ISPs, should hand over the names and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film. This includes their names, IP addresses, residential addresses and IP addresses. The court ruling handed down by Justice Nye Perram on Tuesday ordered that the identity of those who shared the content online using peer-to-peer sharing network Bit Torrent would be provided to the film's Hollywood studio, Dallas Buyers Club LLC.
Prince Andrew rescues sex slaves in India at the same time he faced damning allegations that he had slept with one in America. Prince Andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in Calcutta. Rescued from brothels and domestic servitude, child labour and human trafficking, the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called Key to Freedom.
Tributes paid to two young friends who tragically died after their car crashed into a church wall. The men, named locally as Michael Owen and Kyle Careford, were killed in the road accident in Crowborough, East Sussex in the early hours of Sunday morning. Mr Owen, 21, had just received news of a job offer and was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday.
Chemistry lecturer uses her own skin to teach her students about new drugs. Dr Zoe Waller, 31, who teaches pharmacy at the University of East Anglia, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia. This is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure.
Tony Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, vowed to shed the pounds alongside his wife Debbie, also 56, after he hit 38 stone and she tipped the scales at 18 stone. At size XXXXXXXXL, Tony had to buy his clothes from specialist retailers online and was scared to sit on normal chairs.
Arizona police officer who rammed his car into an armed suspect was previously involved in a lawsuit while working for the New York Police Department. Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in October 2005 and pointing a gun at him before handcuffing him and threatening to shoot him in front of his wife and four children. The plaintiff, Luis Colon, also claimed that he choked him and ordered that he get back into his car. In the end, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims.
Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings. With figures showing that almost one in four of the population is obese, Britain was 111th out of 133 countries on that specific measure. Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance, putting us outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people in the world.
Nasa has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space. The first is a Near-Earth Asteroid Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations.
Twin sister whose sister was murdered by her stalker ex-boyfriend wishes she had done more to stop him. Grieving Nikki Thomas, from South Wales, says she wants to turn back the clock and tell Jenna that she didn't have to 'put up' with her former partner's obsessive behaviour, including bombarding her with hundreds of calls and texts a day. But Jenna, who was strangled to death by Philip Packer in a jealous rage in 2008, never reported his behaviour to police - and paid the ultimate price. Now Nikki, 27, is warning others to learn from her sister's tragic story and
A business called Edward's Snow Den has appeared in the US President's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant Bryan Seely. Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm, according to thenextweb.com. Several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ‘great source of classified information’.
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week, inviting Australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country, which it then branded with its logo and a 'fresh in our memories' slogan. The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting' by social media users who unleashed a barrage of memes poking fun at Woolworth's attempt to embrace Anzac Day.
The Block's up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month with listing agents claiming the lavish apartments are worth between $ 1.3 million and $1.5 million. Thousands of fans will finally get the opportunity to see the four trendy Darling Street apartments for themselves when Channel Nine opens the doors to the public over the weekend.
Check It gang: Meet some of the more than 200 members of Check It, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America. Donning stilettos, lipstick and mascara, the young men take to the streets of one of Washington DC's most violent neighborhoods. But under their clothing - and in some cases, in their Louis Vuitton bags - they are carrying knives, brass knuckles and pepper spray. The teenagers and young adults, who have faced discrimination throughout their entire lives, are the subjects of a new independent documentary.
Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago. Obama hosted just seven.
Jesse Willesee's girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar poses topless in underwear with marijuana leaves. Outrageous conceptual artist and son of television veteran Terry willesee, Jesse, was arrested at Sydney Town Hall for smoking weed at 4.20pm on Monday as part of the 420 campaign. Jasmine is his partner in crime.
Merfin, a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid, arrives on UK shores. Forget packing snorkels or body boards this summer, the latest beach craze for those wishing to spend their days in the surf has a more mythical twist. The Merfin is a monofink made from recycled rubber that lets you experience what it might be like to swim like an underwater creature. It looks set to be the essential piece of beach play kit this summer.
Binmen refuse to empty bin because it had an empty crisp packet on its lid. Binmen said the bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules – even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug. Elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top.
Andy Murray leaves wedding planning to fiancee Kim Sears. He is known for being meticulous in his preparations for major tennis tournaments. But when it comes to the biggest event in his life, Andy Murray is happy to take a back seat.
Health worker who recently returned from West Africa taken to hospital with Ebola symptoms. The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing. The woman did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5.
Scientists suggest that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats. Societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in an all-powerful deity, according to new research.
Katrina Maddox, 23, pulled off the double against all the odds after having baby Edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last Thursday. Her second little boy came along on the A47 in Norfolk two years after Mrs Maddox had her first child Reuben in exactly the same way.
Stephen Dodd’s photograph of two Muslim Liverpool supporters praying to Mecca at half-time in an FA Cup match. The extraordinary scene was captured on a mobile phone camera by Liverpool supporter Stephen Dodd. He tweeted the photograph with the caption ‘Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #DISGRACE.’.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, and Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, of Crystal Springs, sentenced to 8 years in prison for role in 2011 hate crime. Two women who were part of a group that repeatedly searched Mississippi's capital city for black people to assault were sentenced Thursday to multiple years in federal prison for their role in the 2011 hate killing of 47-year-old James Craig Anderson. U.S. District Judge Henry T.
Mad Men star Jon Hamm's secret college bullying shame exposed in court documents. Hamm, 44, was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic November 1990 initiation, but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom. The documents claim that Hamm was in his sophomore year at UT-Austin when a prospective 21-year-old pledge was called to the Sigma Nu house at 2.30am.
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands, where she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist. Hirsi, who describes herself as a liberal, has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam.
Arrest warrant issued for disgraced AFL premiership player Ben Cousins. An arrest warrant has been issued for Ben Cousins after he failed to appear in a Perth court on traffic offences. Cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he did not appear. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments.
Britain is one of the least religious places in the world. In a global ranking of 65 countries, the UK came sixth from last, with only 30 per cent of the population calling themselves religious. This compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious.
Deb Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions which fail to excite shoppers, replacing them with shorter events that have more impact. And both have announced revived figures since making the change.
British Airways launches Mindfulness for Travel series. To celebrate British Airways' new A380 service between London and San Francisco, the airline has launched a mindfulness programme.
Sam Reese receives death threats after asking date to split the bill on First Dates. Sam Reese, a male model who recently appeared on Channel 4's First Dates reality match-making show, has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme. 'I had death threats, one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester I’m dead': Sam Reese gets death threats for asking girlfriend to split bill on first date.
NYC subway service suspended for almost two hours after fire sparks tunnel fire. Hundreds of passengers on a New York City subway train were evacuated from cars in an underwater tunnel after a fire during the Monday morning commute. A train heading from Queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30am Monday morning and its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail. The train's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to Grand Central Station in Manhattan, an MTA spokesman told Daily Mail Online.
Culture Secretary Sajid Javid says Muslim communities view women as commodities to be abused. Muslim communities in parts of Britain have a 'cultural problem' where they view women in some communities as commodities, according to the Culture Secretary. Sajib Javid declared some values prevalent in certain Asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in British society'. His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford.
Prince George effect: Children's clothing company that became known around the world when Prince George was photographed wearing their garments releases new range fit for a Prince. Trotters, who describe their clothing as 'exclusive, yet affordable: stylish yet traditional', has unveiled the 'New Born Baby Collection' just in time for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's imminent arrival. The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers, and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls. There are even pink or blue rabbit booties.
Fife council workers sacked for accessing confidential files on toddler killed by mother Rosdeep Adekoya. Nine council workers have been sacked for inappropriately accessing confidential social work files on tragic toddler Mikaeel Kular. The three-year-old was killed by his mother, who beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days.
Babies banned from special screenings at Hertfordshire cinema after staff become fed up with clearing away dirty nappies and oversized prams. James Hannaway, who restored and reopened the traditional cinema in Berkhamsted in 2004, announced the decision on the company's website. He explained that the special screenings were introduced in 2007 after complaints over babies being allowed to all matinees.
HillaryHillary Clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home. Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform at the event. It is set to be one of the highlights of the end of the Second World War.
The first real Italian espresso machine to be launched to the International Space Station. The espresso machine is intended for astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy. It was supposed to arrive in January, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee. But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion.
Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire. The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif on Botched: 'These cases are not found in any textbook'. From a man obsessed with looking like Kim Kardashian to a woman who had cement injected into her face, reality TV’s favorite doctors are back to taking on some of the world's most shocking plastic surgeries gone wrong. 'You can't call any surgeon and say, "Have you ever seen this?" because no one has ever seen it.'
Washington reporter stung by hundreds of bees as he reports on highway crash. Jeff Dubois of KIRO, struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5. 'Ay yiy yiy! They're flying all over the place,' a panicked Dubois says.
Queen spends a second day enjoying the spring sunshine in Windsor Great Park. Her Majesty, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma, as she was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry in the beautiful park close to her Windsor Castle home on Monday. She was well prepared for any spring showers in a lightweight waterproof, and, as is her wont, eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves.
Sir Bradley Wiggins' last Paris-Roubaix race caught on camera. The shocking moment cyclists dodged the safety barriers at a level crossing to race through the path of a speeding train has been captured on camera. The race is known for its challenging 254km route, which includes 27 cobbled sections and level crossings. It was the last time British Tour de France winner Sir Wiggins would compete for Team Sky, and told their official site before the race it was a great way to finish.
Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery, it has been revealed. A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff's Department on Friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man.
New York woman wears the same outfit to work every day for three years. Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & Saachi, wears the exact same ‘uniform’ – an outfit made up of black trousers, white shirt and a custom leather rosette – every single day because, as she explains to DailyMail.com: 'When at work, I want to be judged on my work and my work only.' In an article for Harper's Bazaar, Matilda explained that the unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when, with '
Game of Thrones is the most illegally downloaded show in the world. More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between February and April this year as fans of the hit HBO show caught up or re-capped before its eagerly-return on Sky Atlantic on Sunday night. Figures by anti-piracy and security firm Irdeto revealed overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year, jumping from 4.9 million for the same two-month period in 2014.
Designer Martin Grant to redesign Qantas pilots' uniforms. Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by the airline's domestic and international pilots which have not been changed for more than a decade. A key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks.
HSBC was ordered to pay them compensation after the banking industry watchdog found it ‘relied on untested assumptions, stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age’. The banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the £250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished, according to The Sunday Times.
Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq, and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising. One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination.
Two warring sisters stripped of right to control their mother’s fortune because of the intensity of the hatred between them. Senior Judge Denzil Lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document, so she could gain greater control over her mother's money. The mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville, Buckinghamshire.
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over a face, say local police. Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo, a small town 85 miles south-west of Durban.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus, which he is selling for $3,000, because he thought it would help spike people's interest. The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska. He used his drone, a DJI Inspire 1 model, to capture the cinematic effect before dramatically zooming in on the car's tires, headlights, dashboard and seats.
Pippa Middleton and boyfriend Nico Jackson share a kiss as they leave a restaurant in Fulham. Despite reports earlier this year that claimed the pair were on the verge of a split, the two presented a united front as they left a restaurant last night. The pair were spotted leaving a restaurant together last night.
Father Jacob Hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away Down Under for his seven-year-old son, Evan, when he was late paying up the last time around. Father-of-three Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, answered Mr Hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud.
XXana Doyle, 19, was a passenger in the Toyota Avensis, which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in the early hours of the morning. Driver Sakhawat Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel.
Cancer patient's giant tumour underneath her left breast 'dissolves away'. The 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs, to treat skin cancer. Doctors at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed their patient's recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses', ever seen.
Giraffe gored to death by antelope at Norwegian zoo. Melvin the giraffe had got his head stuck in a fence when he was attacked by an eland antelope walking in the same enclosure at Kristiansand zoo, around 200 miles south of Oslo. Zoo vets rushed to the scene, but were unable to save the five-year-old.
Sarah Wilson’s face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson, who has been accused of faking terminal cancer, and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans. Celebrity chef Evans' cookbook, Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way, was recently dropped by its publisher after the Public Health Association of Australia found that 'a baby may die' if they consumed one of its particular recipes.
Nutritionist and author Sarah Flower says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need. 'The cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health.'
James Freedman shows how to steal wallets without you even noticing. No wonder he’s insured for a huge sum — for the fingers he uses to pick wallets are the tools of his trade. ‘You can pinch anything off anyone — apart from their shoes!’ he says. Now he's exhibiting his ‘skills’ on stage in a one-man pickpocket show, called Man Of Steal, in which he takes off someone's tie without them realising.
Sofia Vergara is fighting back in the bitter battle with ex Nick Loeb over the fate of frozen embryos the couple created in November 2013, six months before they ended their relationship. The Hot Pursuit star's lawyer Fred Silberberg told People late Friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos.'
Natalie Prescott, 26, was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry in a dare-devil stunt which went horribly wrong. Her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did, she would almost certainly lose her legs.
Toxic pesticide that poisoned a U.S. family on vacation in the Virgin Islands has also been improperly used in Puerto Rico, the US EPA said Thursday after a federal investigation. EPA regional administrator Judith Enck said the agency and Puerto Rico's Department of Agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used and how much was applied. Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at a resort on the island of St. John.
Iain Mackay's girlfriend denies having anything to do with his death in Thailand. The girlfriend of a British man who bled to death after injuring himself kicking a mirror in the bar where she works in Hua Hin, Thailand, has denied any involvement in the death of the 40-year-old Scot. She claims she was not with another man, but out with friends, when an 'obviously drunk' Mr Mackay appeared in a bar around 1am. He later died in hospital.
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson went on the attack on Sunday saying that imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong, while defending the anti-Islam protests across the country. Speaking on the Today show, Ms Hanson said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism'.
Russian entrepreneurs have come up with a new way to get you message out: on the breasts of a beautiful woman. Companies Tittygram and Titisign have popped up in Russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are, by all accounts, causing quite a stir.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head. The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of Wagner Street in Del Rey.
Girl, 8, who lost her leg in a terrible accident gives her first solo dance performance since she became an amputee. Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it. Although the dancer, who has been taking lessons since she was four, had to have her right leg amputated below the knee.
Mitya the baby bear rescued by special groups across Russia after illegal hunters kill his mother. The little cub was found abandoned outside the city's circus in February, and was taken to Sadgorod Zoo. He is one of many bear cubs rescued by the special groups in Russia this spring, often after illegal hunter kill their mothers. A baby bear is being hailed as a real life Paddington after being flown business class to a new home in Moscow.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back, without even stopping for a snack when she was nine years old. Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status. Varvarva, who is Russian for Barbara, visited the three major breeding areas for Eastern gray whales, which are found off North America, according to the study published by the Royal Society in the journal Biology Letters. The previous longest journey made by a mammal was held
Passengers on board a Virgin Atlantic flight from Las Vegas to Gatwick who endured a 33-hour delay have described the incident as 'excruciating' and 'an absolute nightmare.' Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday.
Teacher Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19, gave surrendered at the U.S. embassy on Monday and were flown back to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta airport, where Kelley was arrested. The pair fled New Hampshire in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley (pictured), Mary's mother, during a custody dispute with Mark Nunes (pictured) and Mary's father.
How to protect your child's privacy on social media. While posting an image of your child smiling into the camera covered in food may seem like a playful and cute move to you - it could be dangerous for your child in the long run. Just last week, Australian woman Jade Ruthven was lambasted on her social media account by her friends, who were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter that they wrote her a scathing letter.
Bali Nine ringleaders Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan to find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed. A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair's lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency.
Mum-of-one Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old. Like most first-time mums, Chloe and husband David, had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital. She also admits she even struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature.
Missing Student Karen Buckley, 24, was last seen on CCTV leaving the city's Sanctuary nightclub with a man at 1am on Sunday. He told police he thought she was fine and had arranged transport home, some four miles across the city.
Right wing group publishes names, photos and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies. Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies. Along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'NWO stooges,' the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts.
Nick Clegg accused of blaming 'everyone but himself' after making a series of excuses for the party's disastrous poll ratings. The Lib Dem leader listed a range of reasons why different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off' and have deserted the party since 2010. And he said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made including on tuition fees.
Teen battling bulimia who 'died' on the street from a heart attack is saved by two off-duty police officers. Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon's Festival Leisure Park, Essex, when she suddenly collapsed. Doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing. His wife threw all his shirts outside, but he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face.
Breath test could help detect early stages of stomach cancer. The screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development. By looking for distinctive ‘breath prints’, researchers were also able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls remain in Boko Haram captivity. This time last year the world was shocked by the abduction of 276 schoolgirls who were kidnapped from their school by Boko Haram militants. A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved. But Unicef have revealed that a year later, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since.
Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend is a flashback to vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino. This isn't your 1950s bubble gum and poodle skirts rock 'n roll.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard arrive in Brisbane amid marriage woes. The couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane, walking hand-in-hand. Both Johnny, 51, and Amber, 28, were wearing their wedding bands, although missing from Amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler.
Minnesota boy whose body was found in Mississippi River is arrested on suspicion of second-degree murder. Pierre Collins, 33, was taken into custody on suspicion in the death of Barway Collins, Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering said in a news release. A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edward Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly a month. Barway, who was a student at Evergreen Park World Cultures Community School, was last seen after school last month.
Reddit has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories, and 'Mazen', because 'it was'mazen' (amazing) when the child was born'. A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours, and turned up a treasure trove of bad parental judgement calls.
Hillary Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin's Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday as her presidential campaign in the Granite State got underway, but some in the kitchen refused to be seen with her. The dissenting kitchen staffers declined to be identified or speak on the record.
Sir John Major: SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon is threatening to break up the UK without even 'bothering' to stand for election to Westminster. Sir John said that he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to Scotland would make independence more, not less, likely. Labour had argued it would 'kill independence stone dead' but instead it 'fanned the flame' which lead to the referendum which left the Union 'battered' but intact. 'Now, it is at risk again.'
Florida couple fired for being gay. Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, worked at the Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County full-time for the last 18 months, while her partner, Kelly Bardier, 33, was recently employed as a part-time teacher. The two have been together since October.
Natasha Willard was studying for her A levels at college when she appeared to get the flu just before Christmas and her condition has worsened, leaving her unable to move her limbs and barely able to speak. Her stepmother Kirsty Willard said: 'The doctors are baffled, they do not know what happened.'
Greece this week repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if Europe refuses to release more funds. Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out.The fund's Europe chief reportedly told his executive board that negotiations were not going as hoped, the Daily Telegraph reported.
Grandmother of toddler who died of massive head injuries after her drug-addicted mother and violent partner forced her to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed weeps with relief at coroner's findings. Little Chloe Valentine, 4, died after being forced to ride the motorbike for days on end in the backyard of her Adelaide home in January 2012. Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter through criminal neglect.
Sir Paul McCartney's daughters Stella and Mary look glum in wedding party picture. The pair – daughters of Sir Paul's first wife Linda, who died of cancer four years previously – were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner. The remarkable picture is a portent of the bitterness that would follow the wedding.
Widow Martyn Uzzell died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole. Just a month before the tragedy, the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard.
Nick Clegg tries his hand at ten-pin bowling. The visit to the bowling alley in Colchester, Essex delighted local people, and the press pack who have complained that the campaign so far has been boring. But the pair parted amicable, but not before posing for a selfie.
Yob who stole a mobile phone from a man who lay dying in the street shouted and swore outside court. Scott Stephenson, 19, from South Shields, Tyne and Wear, rifled through his 22-year-old unnamed victim's pockets and made off with the iPhone 4. His victim had tripped and fallen unconscious.
Gemma Collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans with a handful of new curve-flattering garments. The 34-year-old star of The Only Way Is Essex - who has gone from selling cards in Romford to being the face and force behind her successful clothing brand - feels much of her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel more confident.
Intel has shown of a terrifying glimpse of the future - a swarm of robot spiders that can be controlled with a flick of the wrist. The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button developed by Intel.
Idaho man who saved driver from a cliff. Police in Idaho are trying to track down a passer-by who saved a driver from the scene of a precarious car crash at the edge of a cliff in Idaho yesterday. The crash occurred about 8am Wednesday in Lewiston, at a drop called Bryden Canyon. The driver of the truck involved, Mathew Sitko, 23, drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence.
Weight loss diet plans are most likely to work. From high protein to low fat, calorie counters to slimming shakes, we are bombarded by diet plans promising the holy grail of weight loss. But if you just can't shed the pounds - or keep them off - then help may be at hand. The US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. In fact, the results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them.
Alabama mayor arrested after fight with police chief. Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out, according to a city clerk. McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, city officials said.
Spring storm brings rain to Southern California. A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night, bringing mostly light but necessary rainfall across a region that has been experiencing extreme drought conditions. Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm.
Sue Perkins is favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson as host of Top Gear. Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins has been tipped to replace disgraced presenter Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. A flurry of bets placed on Perkins have propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position.
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia. When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop.
Iain Duncan Smith blasts Labour's 'politics of hate and envy' and claims Tories are 'the real party of work'. The Work and Pensions Secretary said Ed Miliband was standing on 'the most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot' and was 'peddling lies' about the Government's record. In an interview with the Daily Mail, he set out a powerful moral case for the party's policies, which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work.
1921 1921 application form to join the racist Ku Klux Klan organisation has emerged, which asks 'are you of the white race or of a colored race?' The form asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane, such as 'what is your age?', to the overtly sinister – 'Do you believe in White Supremacy?'
Anzac Day security beefed up after five teenagers who were plotting an Islamic State-inspired terror attack were arrested in pre-dawn raids. Prime Minister Tony Abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across Australia to keep the public safe on April 25. Security at the Gallipoli ceremony was a matter for the Turkish government, but Australia had been co-operating in the lead up to the event. Four thousand Turkish police and security personnel would be deployed on the peninsula.
One in Britain will more than double by the middle of this century, meaning one in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051, research shows. The huge rise will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants who usually come to this country during their young, child bearing years.
Downton Abbey's Violet, Countess of Grantham may return in new American show. Made by the US network NBC, The Gilded Age will be set among the high society families of New York in the late 19th Century – meaning that Violet will be seen as her far younger self, with events taking place decades before the first series of the show. Violet, the sharp-tongued Dowager Countess is among a clutch of characters who may return to our screens.
Former ally of deposed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych found dead in Kiev. Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of the Ukrainian parliament, was found dead Wednesday evening. It said the he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was homicide or suicide.
Japanese bullet train breaks speed record for rail vehicles by reaching 366mph (589km/h). The Maglev train completed a test run on a track in Yamanashi. Another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers at the Central Japan Railway Company predict it could reach 373mph.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, appeared to be stressed as she walked outside her house on Wednesday. She was arrested on Saturday after having a drunken party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends.
Spain remains Britons' favourite destination to fly to, as it has been for more than 25 years, with its more than 34 million journeys in 2014 over double that of the next most popular, the United States. New figures from the UK Civil Aviation Authority shows 238m passengers passed through British airports in 2014, just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 and 10m more (a 4.4 per cent rise) than 2013.
Rio de Janeiro snack bar made from dog meat. Officers investigating the popular fast food house reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs. The canines, which appeared to have been killed with blows to the head, were used as meat.
Leonardo DiCaprio is planning to improve the ecosystem of an entire island in his latest crusade as an environmental activist. The 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of Belize into an eco-resort and conservation area.
Scotland named the most popular wedding destination in the UK by VisitScotland. Breathtaking scenery, beautiful castles and that signature Scottish hospitality. These are just some of the reasons that Scotland has recently been named the country's tourist board.
ISIS militants besieging a Palestinian refugee camp in Syria's capital have savagely beheaded the leaders of a Hamas-linked group opposed to President Bashar Assad, it has been claimed. Having seized control of up to 90 per cent of the Yarmouk camp in south Damascus, the jihadis posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online.
Comcast, Time Warner Cable to meet with DOJ over merger concerns. Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable will meet with US Department of Justice officials to discuss concerns raised by their planned $45billion merger, according to reports. The meeting next Wednesday would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants,. Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company. would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
Dove asks women to choose between 'beautiful' or 'average'. In Australia, 83 per cent of women rate themselves as average looking, the study found, while around the world just four per cent think they're worthy of the glowing epithet. The statistics are highlighted in a new video, released this week, that shows women being faced with the choice of telling the world they see themselves as beautiful or average.
How to cook the perfect steak: What is the best way to cook a steak?. There’s nothing better than a succulent steak, sizzling from the hot plate, charred to perfection on the outside, bursting with juices within. People often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that's bone dry, grey-hued and distinctly unappetising.
Billy Mitchell, now seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare condition which left him with malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities – which included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull and another to rebuild his features.
Hatton Garden gem heist was an inside job. Mahendra Bavishi, who lives in Sudan, said detectives have asked to put some ‘sensitive’ questions to his British-based son who runs the business, including whether he suspects someone connected to the company or other firms in the same premises had links with criminal gangs. And he said the robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in. Speaking for the first time about the crime Mr Bavishi also told of his fury at police for ignoring
The federal government has pledged to scrap the religious exemption from welfare benefits in an attempt to crackdown on parents who choose not to vaccinate their children. Under the tough new 'no jab, no pay' laws, Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced on Sunday that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on 'personal, philosophical or religious' reasons. The 'conscientious objector' exemption on children's vaccination has been effective since the Howard Government, but after meeting with religious organisations, Mr Morrison said payments will be cut off if parents don't
'loneliness maps' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly people being left alone by working out which areas' residents are most at risk. Two county councils, Essex and Gloucestershire, have already implemented the maps, which allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness.
Online sex offender accused of raping five children and involving 20 more in the making of child pornography has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences. The 47-year-old man from Warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states, including taking some of his victims to hotel rooms where he allegedly raped them. Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them and use them to make child pornography.
Liana Barrientos: Alleged'serial bride accused of running a wife-for-hire immigration scheme arrested just after leaving court for a second time. 38-year-old Liana Barrientos pleaded not guilty on Friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her'services'. CBS reports that the judge told her to stay out of trouble but that she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year old niece Tracy. She was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was
Dartmouth College judicial committee has 'derecognized' a fraternity that partly inspired the 1978 cult classic 'Animal House' because some new members received brands on their backsides. Alpha Delta was initially founded by members of the Gamma Sigma Society but dissociated from its parent corporation and renamed itself The Alpha Delta Fraternity in 1969.
Bio security measures are being stepped up at Brisbane International Airport after mosquitoes that could potentially infect Australians with debilitating diseases were found on three separate occasions. Planes coming from South-East Asian countries are being routinely fumigated before luggage is removed after finding the exotic mosquito Aedes aegypti, which is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in North Queensland. The mozzie is known to carry crippling viruses like dengue, chikunguya and yellow fever. Authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes hadn't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the
Police came across a sickening scene in Macon, Georgia this week when they searched the home of a former animal shelter worker. Christine Lynn Smith was arrested on Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her former home littered with over 1,000 empty beer cans.
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April. Posing in a suave blue suit with a pinstriped shirt and a contrasting red tie, Mr Turnbull's confident demeanour is complimented by the bold, confronting words printed across the page: 'Primed Minister'.
Pensioners are being offered mortgages that will only be paid off when they are 105. Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan.
Labour councillor’s son who was caught trying to cross the border into Syria with four young children is believed to be a member of an extremist organisation David Cameron tried to ban. Waheed Ahmed, 21 – the son of councillor Shakil Ahmed, who was photographed with Ed Miliband recently – is said to be a member of the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir, which advocates a global Muslim caliphate, similar to the one established by Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
Bride-to-be Stephanie Scott, 26, murdered just a week before her wedding. Stephanie Scott was due marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday. But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding. Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body.
Ronald Pearson and his wife Miriam met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF police and she the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the Second World War. They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester, welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating VE day.
Didgeridoo maker causes herd of cows to stand to attention. Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes. He holds a 'butterfly landscape' designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune.
German woman robbed of £4m jewellery in Paris motorway tunnel. The German woman, who has not been named, was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport on Wednesday afternoon. Three thieves are said to have ‘appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag.
Nigel Nigel Farage booed by audience of live TV debate. The Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall in London as he protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC'.
Ed Miliband refuses to guarantee Harriet Harman will become Deputy PM if Labour wins the election. Ed Miliband today refused to guarantee that deputy Labour leader would become Deputy Prime Minister if Labour won the general election. The snub comes just three days after Miss Harman made clear that she intended to take the role were Labour to make it back into power.
University student turns to sex work after her student loan fails to cover her rent. As renting in the capital soared to an average of more than £1,100 per month, the second year history and politics student who attends a London university told how she took up sex work– even visiting some clients at their workplace. Speaking through the English Collective of Prostitutes', the woman – who asked to remain anonymous – spoke after a research project revealed more than a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the sex industry.
JJ Watt performs 61-inch standing box jump. At 6-foot-5 and 289lb JJ Watt is a terror on the football field - recording more than 20 sacks and forcing four fumbles for the Houston Texans with his explosive speed and power last season. Now the NFL defensive end flaunting his incredible athletic process off the field.
Almond farmers are the ‘villains’ of the super-drought. The nut that frequently appears in the Bible as a symbol of fruitfulness and promise has been dubbed ‘the Devil’s nut’, pinpointed as the chief culprit in an eco-disaster that is developing in California. The so-called Golden State is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year.
Burlesque performer Lillian Bustle embraces the word 'fat' as an honest, body-positive description of her own physique. During a recent TED talk, Lillian, from New Jersey, revealed that she also calls herself'short', because she is 5'3'', and 'wife'. 'I really think we - and by "we" I mean nice people and body-positivity - are winning,' she said.
Grandparents Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout on a cold November night last year. The couple, who had been married for 53 years, sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne, East Sussex, with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room. The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes. They couple laid dead for 16 days before their son, Andrew Charles, raised the alarm on December 11 and police searched the property, Hastings Magistrates' Court heard.
Perth Glory will be excluded from the A-League finals after breaching the salary cap over three seasons. FFA chief executive David Gallop said he expects Perth's management to be removed in the wake of the mess.
Turin Shroud goes on display for the first time in five years. The Shroud of Turin, one of Christianity's most celebrated and hotly-debated relics, went on display to the public on Sunday. More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ.
Louise Smith, 38, has been convicted of fraud and is now on the run after CCTV footage showed her standing over the girl, aged under 10, and pulling two hairs from her head. She was eating dinner with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub near Carlisle, Cumbria, last May when she planted the hairs and complained to staff.
Hilarious manufacturing mistake means some police officers will have the word 'POLICE' written upside down on their uniforms. The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course in Hamble near Southampton. Two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve.
Sal Salads in British supermarkets are being grown by workers treated like ‘slaves’ who live in filthy conditions, an investigation has found. Migrant workers producing vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes near where the vegetables were being grown as toilets.
Passengers hoping to make a short domestic flight Friday were trapped on the tarmac at an airport for six hours with only one bathroom between them. Men, women and children who boarded a United Express flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, were instead diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather.
Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she's relieved Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the Boston bombing - the greatest tragedy in her state's recent history - but doesn't believe he should be executed. 'Nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice,' Warren said.
Florida boy missing after boat carrying him and a family friend capsizes. Authorities are searching a Florida river for a nine-year-old boy who went missing after a boat was hit with a wake causing the boat to capsize. Tate Ricks immediately went under water in the St Johns River and the unidentified man with him attempted to save him but could not, according to CBS. The man was able to make it to shore, deputies said.
County in Illinois asks Aaron Schock to pay for Downton Abbey-style election. A county in Illinois says former U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock, 33, should pay for the special elections to replace him. The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the Peoria Republican who resigned last month.
Jack Welch calls for end to college hierarchy. Business mogul Jack Welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive. Speaking to DailyMail.com CEO Jon Steinberg, Welch insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management.
Saturday Night Live skewered Hillary Clinton just hours before she is set to announce she is running for president. The show took aim at the 67-year-old as she is expected to reveal via video that she is taking another stab at what she believes is 'the highest and hardest glass ceiling'..
Another boy dies after his family's car plunges into Los Angeles harbor, killing his 13-year-old brother. The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water. The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle.
Eating disorder sufferers’ health details are being sold for just 12p a head. A firm linked to the sale of NHS patient data is offering details of NHS sufferers for just £12 a head. It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring. Even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
Vicky Pryce: 'I'd rather have a good au pair than a husband'. Greek-born Pryce, who famously spent two months at Her Majesty's pleasure after being convicted of perverting the course of justice for taking Chris Huhne's speeding fines, has been speaking about life post prison and how she's handled a stellar, if not tumultuous, career - all while bringing up her brood. 'I’d rather have an au pair': Ex-wife of disgraced Lib Dem MP admits she would miss her children when work commitments came calling. She admits she never baked cakes for her children and
An Australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in India were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless, new evidence shows. Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.
Kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography, to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops, and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races. Swimming pools, jewelry and lingerie stores, psychics, movie theatre, nail salons, massage parlors, bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time, if Republican Gov.
Police believe that 50-year-old Driss Diaeddinn (pictured) bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers and his sister-in-law on the ground floor of their Phoenix, Arizona home at 2pm on Thursday. He then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister and his mother before taking his own life. The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix on Thursday afternoon.
Some of the places daredevil holidaymakers should visit if they are looking to take in mind-bending views. Located in the heart of downtown Toronto, the CN Tower offers sweeping views of Canada's largest city and Lake Ontario.
Rare Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby bought for £10 at car boot sale is worth £62,500. Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan were selling a range of toys at the boot sale in Bude, Cornwall, when they spotted the purple teddy at another seller's stall. As a former collector, Mr Flanaghan, 22, recognised the bear as a limited edition - one of the most sought after in the collection which can be worth thousands of pounds. They are now selling it on eBay, with a starting bid of £20,000.
Teenager sends message to astronaut father from space. Sending post to space is problematic, so when a teenager from Houston, Texas, wanted to send a message to her astronaut father, she had to be creative. 13-year-old Stephanie decided that long-distance phone calls weren't enough and she wanted to given her father a visual note of how much she missed him while he was away.
Rand Paul, who launched his presidential campaign Tuesday in Louisville, Kentucky, sparred with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie about his past foreign policy positions. As Guthrie rattled off a list of issues where she said the senator had flipped and flopped – Iran, aid to Israel and defense spending – a testy and impatient Paul cut her off.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars after he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel. He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified.
Thelma and Louise of Wellness take mindfulness to the boardrooms of Australia. Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell, who between them have been more than three decades of life coaching experience, are teaching their Masterclass Of Wellness to CEOs and executives across the country. Skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking, business and retail sector.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions. Footage of the raid showed the animals clambering across the furniture as officers from Maricopa County Sheriff's Office making their way across the excrement-laden, urine-stained carpet to rescue the pets.
Taylor Alesana, 16, of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults, and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy.
Mother to raise $100,000 for cancer treatment. Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, a mother to two young children, Darcy, 13, and Tilda, 2, was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year.
Italian-inspired mansion in the mountains of Vail, Colorado has gone on sale for $29.5 million. The home, which is known as 'Il Podere' - meaning 'family homestead' - was built on 230 acres of land using materials collected during the Rothkopfs' trips to Italy. It features a main residence with seven bedrooms, seven full bathrooms, three half bathrooms, an elevator and a gourmet kitchen.
Violent thug who went on the run before taunting police by posing on Facebook in a silver wig and Dame Edna Everage-style sunglasses has been jailed for a second time. Michael Easy, 29, from Southampton, Hampshire, sparked a nationwide police manhunt after going on a nationwide manhunt in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party. He was found nine days later.
Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro wants to be Kim Kardashian. If relations between Cuba and America have recently thawed, then there may well be a new battle between the two countries on the horizon. She's the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian'.
Festival organiser slams Tasmania as a state full of 'dregs, bogans and third-generation morons'. Restaurant critic and festival curator Leo Schofield, 79, claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed. 'I think I came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide.'
HillaryHillary Clinton embraced the federal recognition of same-sex marriage today, saying through a spokesperson she believes it should be a 'constitutional right.' The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department, saying she 'was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state.'
Shah Jahah Khan, 62, and Muslim convert Ibrahim Anderson, 38, both from Luton, each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation. Anderson appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing dark grey Islamic dress with a grey cardigan, while elderly-looking Khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue Islamic dress.
Florida mailman who caused a major security scare when he landed his gyro-copter on the US Capitol lawn on Wednesday afternoon was just seconds from being shot out of the sky. House Homeland Security panel Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities had Doug Hughes, 61, in their sights and were prepared to open fire.
Eight-year-old girl who died in horrific accident in New South Wales has been identified as Piper. Piper's grandmother, Helen Boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm on Saturday.
Job Jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013. Philip Gardner, director of Michigan State University's Collegiate Employment Research Institute, told the Associated Press that engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today's competitive market.
Todd Larson, 55, told Daily Mail Online he had parked his collectible Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville home on March 25 when moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am. 'It hit so hard that four or five neighbors' car alarms went off,' he said.
Nigel Jackson, 59, was arrested at his country home in Alvor, near Portimao in the Algarve, in January, after the body of his wife Brenda Davidson, 72, was found in a shallow grave outside. At the time Jackson claimed Mrs Davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer.
New Forest log cabin goes on the market for £350,000. The 76sq ft hideaway, based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill, is made entirely from timber imported from Norway. It has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding the cabin.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday. Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft. On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine.
FKA Twigs, Rihanna and Lady Gaga show off their septum rings. Every year a trend comes around that strikes fear into the hearts of women. Whether it is Crocs, hotpants or UGG boots, everyone has their Achilles heel and this summer many will be concerned about the arrival of the septUM piercing.
Taxpayers are having to find £11billion a year to top up the wages of millions of people working in supermarkets and other low paid jobs. The money, which amounts to a massive public subsidy for the companies involved, is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits. The total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax, according to the study by Citizens UK.
Man jailed for mugging 93-year-old pensioner who was knocked to the ground for £5. Solomon Bygraves, 29, was sentenced to 30 months in prison after admitting robbing Stanley Evans in the entrance to his block of flats in Soho, central London, as he returned from a shopping trip. He offered to help the pensioner with his shopping, but instead snatched his wallet and knocked Mr Evans to the floor. The pensioner was then left lying on the floor for ten minutes after the attack on January 31.
Nick Nick Clegg wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. The Liberal Democrat leader committed to using £250million from the sale of NHS assets deemed to be redundant to fund the use of technology in a drive to create a 'paperless health service' in England.
Firefighters rescue two men who became trapped in an airtight bank vault for six hours. Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition at a former bank building when the vault door shut behind them, leaving them trapped in total darkness. The pair - who had only met earlier that night - were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated while police kept in contact with them to check their oxygen levels were not getting dangerously low.
Scientists find tiny triggers inside hypothalamus brain cells that give rise to 'voice' that tells you to keep eating. The new research, done on fish and mice, could someday lead to pills that will be able to quieten that voice or increase its volume. Located deep inside the brain, in a structure called the hypothalamus, the cluster of POMC neurons act as a control center for feelings of fullness or hunger. They take in signals from the body, and send out chemical signals to regulate appetite and eating.
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity, in part after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by Thelma &amp; Louise star Susan Sarandon, who's his aunt. Another one of her posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of Egyptian men being beheaded and she said that'secular materialists (are) making our country so weak we cannot fight the dictatorship of Militant Islam.'
Shayna Hubers: Kentucky woman accused of shooting lawyer boyfriend in the face in 2012 testifies in murder trial. Testimony got under way Tuesday in the murder trial of a 24-year-old Kentucky woman who is accused of fatally shooting her lawyer boyfriend Ryan Poston inside his condominium in Highland Heights, Ohio. Hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense.
Duke of Kent has been spotted leaving hospital with a walking stick after suffering a dislocated hip during an Easter trip to the Royal Family's Balmoral estate. The Queen's cousin, 79, injured himself while staying at the Queen's private residence in Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, on Saturday.
Jarret Stoll arrested on drug possession charges in Las Vegas. Los Angeles Kings forward Jarret Stoll was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas, Nevada, on drug possession charges, according to reports. Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports. The NHL player was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm.
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby Cristabelle out for the first time in March 2013. In the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty. A couple spent two years battling the council over a £2.20 parking ticket they say blew off their dashboard - and ended up having to pay £400.
Retired Calgary couple attacked by pirates in Honduras are grateful to be alive. Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan in which they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat with a captain when they were attacked. Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker Phillip Pama, 28, during a row in front of their north Brisbane homes. Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night.
Lisa McElroy, 50, once a contestant on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire. The respected law professor from Philadelphia now being investigated after allegedly emailing students a link to a pornographic website, was once on the game show, it has emerged. She appeared on the show in 2010 while it was hosted my Meredith Vieira.
Bare-chested men raid petrol station on hottest day of the year. Police in Surrey are hunting two men who stripped off their tops during the hottest day in the year before holding up an Esso petrol station. The men, who were both in their 20s, were caught on camera.
1212-year-old in central China was seriously injured when his phone exploded while it was charging. The boy, known only as Hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it.
Monster crocodile devours one metre long lizard in one bite at a river. A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre-long lizard. Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at the Mary River near Pine Creek in Northern Territory. After feasting on its' meal, the three-metre reptile noticed Ms Gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water.
Rah Rahm Emanuel celebrates victory over challenger Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia. Incumbent Emanuel celebrated Tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger Jesus ‘Chuy’ Garcia.
Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30pm on Sunday. The four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma with life-threatening head injuries. The driver was left bloodied after the man allegedly hit him with a broken fence paling, witnesses told the Herald Sun.
Doctor Fredric Brandt was 'definitely hurt' by 'bullying' on Tina Fey's 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt'. Dr. Frederic Brandt killed himself on Easter Sunday, weeks after the March 6 launch of the new TV show on Netflix. In it, Martin Short plays a caricatured white-haired cosmetologist called Dr Franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face. Friends admit Brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed.
Pope Francis accepts resignation of American bishop who pleaded guilty to failing to report priest who was a suspected child abuser. Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason that makes them unfit for office. But children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do much more.
The Parker brothers' Batman Tumbler and Ghostbusters Cadillac. Ever fancied driving the Batmobile straight from the big screen and into your street? Or perhaps you've always yearned to take the Ghostbusters' Cadillac for a spin?.
£3.2m gipsy camp plans approved in Cheshire. Villagers in the small country hamlet of Cledford, near Middlewich, had vehemently opposed the plans saying that travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners and may ruin the idyllic surroundings. But yesterday, Cheshire East Council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting.
This is the moment the inmates of Bergen-Belsen watched as the death camp was burned to the ground. Steeped in human misery, these huts once contained the bodies of thousands of Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and the disabled. Diarist Anne Frank, and her sister Margot, also died here.
Womanhood saved after her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer during prep for gastric bypass surgery. Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful to her diligent doctor.
Kim Kardashian, Kanye West and North West arrive in Jerusalem for North's baptism. The Kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City. Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony.
Rural Australia farmers rent their empty properties for $1 a week to attract young families. Farmers in country Australia are renting their empty houses for a buck a week in an attempt to attract families from the big smoke to invigorate their communities. Soaring farming costs and droughts have seen the population of rural NSW towns like Cumnock, pictured here, dwindle. Residents are hoping to revive their communities by renting $1-a-week properties to young families.
Texas firefighters charged with sexually assaulting new recruit with chorizo sausage. Five firefighters and one's girlfriend, who is suspected of videoing the attack at Emergency Service District 6 Volunteer Fire Department in Waxahachie, were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges. Fire Chief Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Assistant Fire Chief William 'Billy' Getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board following the arrests on Thursday for allegedly telling the victim to stay quiet.
Lee Rigby's fiancée Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper, 27, a former comrade of the murdered soldier. Just two years after Fusilier Rigby was hacked to death in Woolwich, south-east London, she has formed a close bond with Major Draper, who was a mourner at her fiance's funeral. She was devastated when her husband-to-be was killed in front of horrified onlookers near Woolwich Barracks.
Keurig Green Mountain's single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales. The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report by Susan Spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain. Speaking to Spencer, the company's chief technology officer Kevin Sullivan explained that users can 'Just close the handle and touch a button, and away it goes.'
Piper Kulk, 8, on the right of the family snap caption 'our babies', died on Sunday morning, hours after the accident on the NSW Central Coast, when the car being driven by their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute. Piper's brother William, 9, died in hospital on Sunday evening. Together with their older brother Daniel, 12, and mother Chantelle, 31, they had spent the day at the Royal Easter Show in Sydney and had just been picked up from a nearby train station by their grandmother.
David Cameron vows to conduct annual review of Scottish government’s policies on the rest of the UK. The Prime Minister will tell voters in England that new powers for the Scottish Parliament mean it ‘can now have a big impact on your job, your income, and investment in your area’. A Conservative government would create a new principle to ensure decisions by Holyrood do not have an ‘unforeseen detrimental effect’ for people south of the border, he will say.
Sister of missing woman who left Spanish nightspot with Brits makes emotional video appeal for information. Pretty Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from celebrity Puerto Banus haunt Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year. Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news.
With less than four weeks until the ballot boxes open, politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible - literally - by posing relentlessly for the ubiquitous photos. The 'coupon election' came in 1918, while critics branded the 1929 vote - when women first had full suffrage - the 'flapper election'. And, with just 23 days to go, the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own.
Kym Ellery's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show interrupted by a man who stormed the runway at the Ellery show. A furious man understood to be a neighbour of the Carriageworks venue at Eveleigh made a very public complaint about the music. The local man was pictured covering his ears, wagging his finger, and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway.
Game Of Thrones'super-fan' has a fully functional toilet built for him that’s an almost-identical replica of the Iron Throne that features in the hit TV show. The loo version was made using plywood by a team of top Hollywood prop makers for YouTube show Super Fan Builds. The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, may have been on the prowl for wife number three after a dating profile matching his description was discovered. O’Clee led a double life, duping his first wife, Michelle, 39, into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a ‘safe house’ because he was involved in a serious fraud trial. He started the affair with Philippa (pictured together) after claiming his first marriage had ended after he caught shopworker Michelle being unfaithful.
Diana’s final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online. Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen.
Cobbles on the road, which runs alongside the Bristol Floating Harbour and dates back to the 19th century, will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again. The council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been 'overwhelmingly' in support for the scheme from cyclists, pedestrians and wheelchair users. Maggie Shapland, a member of the Bristol Industrial Archaeological Society, has questioned what the work will do to the appearance of the historic harbourside. She said: 'This is a massive job, must have cost a fortune since the cobbles
Ell Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago and says she's been dropping the 'herpes bomb' about six months after she had her first outbreak. In her essay for Women's Health Mag, Dawson recalls meeting a boy at a party who offered her a sip of his beer.
Post Office failed to properly investigate why money had gone missing from branches before launching court proceedings against subpostmasters, report claims. The Post Office asked forensic accountants Second Sight to investigate the Horizon IT system in 2012, following complaints from dozens of subpostmaster who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting when cash shortfalls were discovered. Now a leaked copy of the accountants’ independent report has suggested that the discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error.
Zeke Celello, 2, bursts into tears when Hillary Clinton announces her presidential bid. Zeke, who appears to be around two years old, was overcome with emotion when Clinton declared her second presidential bid, and insisted to his mother that 2016 is his year to shine. But this political operator was less than impressed with the news, bursting into tears and complaining that the former First Lady and Secretary of State had stolen his thunder.
Man charged with torture after another man goes to hospital suffering fractures, head injuries and burns. A bizarre tale of torture and amnesia is set to unfold in a Queensland court on Monday. The case involves a 32-year-old man from suburban Kepnock who will appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday.
Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei demanded that all sanctions on Iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers on curbing Tehran's nuclear program is reached. Khamenei, the Islamic Republic's most powerful figure and who has the last say on all state matters, was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne.
Ex-Ukip MEP Ashley Mote, 79, of Binsted, Hampshire, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences including acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception. Some of the money he allegedly made from the fraud went towards funding various legal costs he had built up as a result of being prosecuted in the UK for benefit fraud offences, a jury at London's Southwark Crown Court was told.
Mumia Abu-Jamal: Eight-year-old children write letters to cop killer in hospital wishing him 'get better soon'. A group of eight-year old children in New Jersey have written letters to convicted cop killer Mumia (pictured) Abu-Jamaal, wishing that he will 'get well soon' while recovering in hospital from a mystery illness after being encouraged by their teacher. The cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60 year old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention.
Erica Kinsman sues Jameis Winston, claiming he raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012. A former Florida State University student has filed a civil lawsuit against top NFL prospect, saying he assaulted and raped her in 2012. The lawsuit, which seeks damages from the former Seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft. Winston could be selected as the first overall pick.
Teachers can judge the behaviour of black students more harshly than while pupils, new research has suggested. A study by Stanford University examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the United States to student race.
Alabama teen takes grandfather to prom. Most teens would be mortified to have a parent chaperone their prom - let alone take one of them as a date. But not Joy Webb. The 17-year-old Albertville, Alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend.
French bus driver Dominique Granier sparked outrage after he suggested putting on a service specifically for people travelling from a Roma encampment next to a cemetery into the centre of Montpellier, in the south of France. Speaking to the Gazette de Montpelier Mr Granier said: 'It is a true infection.'
Gizmo, a Boston Terrier, performs gravity-defying stunt in new booties. Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston terrier performing the gravity-bending stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new boots. Forget sit and lie down. This skillful pooch has mastered the art of paw-stand walking.
Eric Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care, but their case was rejected. The baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in Oregon.
BBC.co.uk The BBC filled more than half its election TV debate audience with left-leaning voters, some of whom were brought in from Scotland and Wales, it emerged last night. The audience at the filming of Thursday night’s debate in Westminster repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration.
160kg man who fell down stormwater drain rescued by 15 firefighters. Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on Wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain. Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg.
Young Kurdish girl fires machine gun at ISIS, before boasting she has killed 400 of the Islamic militants. The little girl, who appears to be around six or seven, is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers, just behind the large machine gun. She chats away to a man behind the camera, telling him she is'shooting at Daesh' in Kurdish - before firing several rounds into the desert.
A 2-year-old dog from Des Moines named Tank won the 36th annual Beautiful Bulldog contest Sunday at Drake University. He will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or, royal subjects -- at the university's Drake Relays to be honored as mascot of the event, which will be held from Thursday through Saturday, according to the contest's website. The pups came from as far away as New Jersey and Tennessee in hopes of landing a new nickname: 'Beautiful Bulldog.'
Thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia - some hours away from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages. Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time.
Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could have crashed over 5000km away from the official search led by Australian authorities. Fresh testimonies from a small island community in the Maldives has reignited reports that missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could have crashed over 5000 kilometres away from the official search led by Australian authorities. Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo, located in the southern area of the Dhaalu Atoll in the Maldives, reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year, when the flight disappeared while travelling
Michael Shepard, 35, conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter, authorities say. When asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors, he claimed that he had been in prison for a 'Romeo and Juliet romance' with a preacher's daughter. Police now say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at Cedar Hollow apartments in Pinellas Park so that he could prey on their children.
Mother releases images of son who was assaulted at train station. A mother has released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was attacked at an Adelaide train station on Saturday night. Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appealed for witnesses to come forward following surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone.
Halfords mechanic takes customer's car for a joyride at 57mph in a 30mph zone. Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT at Halfords Autocentre in Plymouth last month, costing £255. But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin after his dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57 mph in 30 mph zone. Mr Ingram, 50, of Saltash in Cornwall, said that his camera recorded almost seven hours of footage, which included the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the
Waiting times to be seen in A&E have soared to their worst level in more than 10 years, official figures revealed this morning. In the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day. Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 – the worst on record since 2004.
Julie Creffield: 'I was told by a doctor I was too fat to run, and just three weeks later I proved him wrong by running the Brighton Marathon'. Julie, 37, from Stratford in East London, didn't let her critics stop her from running. She completed a marathon in 2012 - and has done numerous other races since. Now through her website, The Fat Girl's Guide To Running, she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size and ability.
Queen Margrethe of Denmark waves to excited crowds from the balcony at Amalienborg Palace. The Danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children. Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared, watched by members of other European royal dynasties.
Chinese-born Yingying Dou, 30, reportedly ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities. The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the website after an investigation by Fairfax Media. But internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.
One in five Chinese restaurants serving shark fin soup exploiting legal loophole. Charity Bite-Back, which campaigns to protect sharks, reported the eatery after Jason Chan, its marketing manager, boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth. The loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant The Royal China Club, on Baker Street in central London, and confiscated illegally imported fins.
Grandfather Peter Mutty, from Roseberry in Sydney's inner-west, was caught with two cartons of beer and one box of red wine in his car on August 31 last year while driving home in Riyadh. The possession of alcohol is illegal in Saudi Arabia. The 57-year-old was sent to Thoqba prison in the Al Khobar Eastern Province on October 19.
Tina Fey's husband speaks out over death of celebrity dermatologist Fredric Brandt. Jeff Richmond, who is an executive producer and the music composer on his wife's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, described the death of Fredric Brandt, 65, on Sunday as'very sad', speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Online. It came as sources close to Brandt said the doctor, who suffered from depression, told People magazine he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show.
Oregon couple awarded $240,000 compensation for dog barking. Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant Tibetan mastiffs. Finally, after three years of proceedings, a jury has ruled in favor of the disgruntled Oregonians, ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days. Debarking is a surgical operation that reduces tissue in the vocal chords.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has three homes. She lives with her husband, high court judge Sir Christopher Nugee, in a four-storey Victorian townhouse on an exclusive crescent in Barnsbury, north London, worth almost £3million. She also owns a £600,000 flat in Guildford, Surrey, which she bought for her mother in 2000. In March 2007, her husband bought the housing association property in Finsbury at auction for £572,000.
Harold Wilson lobbied BBC to delay Steptoe and Son on election night. The Labour leader thought the planned repeat of the sit-com starring Harry H Corbett and Wilfrid Brambell would hit them badly. So he approached Sir Hugh at his home to express his concerns.
Iraqi militant leader Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri killed in battle with government troops. Iraqi officials said al-douri, 72, headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS. He was an Iraqi military commander and was Vice Chairman of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council, until the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq.
Man brutally murdered in South Africa because he came from Mozambique. In a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself. Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole's life.
Wong Wonga could change its name in a desperate attempt to regain credibility. Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million, it was announced today - months after the company wrote off the debts of 300,000 customers.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as ‘cool’ The trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account, according to research. Facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so-called ‘silver surfers’ to join.
Students have fallen out of love with the Green party, after a dramatic slump in support for their leader Natalie Bennett, a new poll shows. On the day the party launches its Youth Manifesto, a survey reveals only 15 per cent of people at university now say they plan to vote to vote Green, down from 28 per cent in February.
Bobby was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me.' The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit
David Cameron to unveil analysis to show Labour and the SNP are'really on thre same side'. Ed Miliband is in league with the Scottish Nationalists and preparing to allow them to be ‘the chain to Labour’s wrecking ball’, David Cameron will say today. The Prime Minister – who last night said he would be a ‘big failure’ if he does not win a Commons majority – will unveil an analysis.
Joel Joel Burger, 24, and proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King. And she said yes - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding.
Richie Benaud dies aged 84 after battle with skin cancer. The champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form, earning him the title of 'the Voice of Cricket.' His commentary was understated, measured and often extremely funny, and his one-liners were perfectly timed.
A second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said. Britain is likely to face a second election shortly after May 7 because of a knife-edge outcome, political experts have warned.
Sugary dishes promoted as healthy eating options by Government's flagship anti-obesity initiative. Change4Life, which is being run by Public Health England, is promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving – about seven teaspoons' worth. Its Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar, which has 27g.
CoCoachella: Student struck and killed by train. Jannik Andersen, a student at the University of Colorado, was hit by the train in the 45000 block of Pacific Street in Indio, four miles north-east of Coachella's grounds, shortly after 3am on Saturday.
Twins born with very different skin tones because they are one in a million. Like many twins, they are dressed alike, right down to their pink and white bootees. But Kendall and Baylee are no ordinary twins. They are one-in-a-million twins.
A set of wheels broke off the Boeing 737 moments after it touched down at the airport, near Derby, causing the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop. It happened as the plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight, including dangerous goods, on an Air Contractors flight that originated in Athens and included a stopover at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris.
Italian Alex Bellini is to be subjected to the full force of the iceberg as it melts, cracks and even flips - while hopefully staying safe inside his small spherical cabin. The aim of the cabin fever-inducing stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise.
A former U.S. Marine who lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in Afghanistan is making a second attempt to scale Mount Everest to inspire others like him, a year after an avalanche that killed 16 Sherpa guides stopped him at the base camp. Former Staff Sgt. Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month.
Why is David Cameron not at the TV debate?. Analysis of what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate reveals viewers wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show.
These incredible pictures offer the first glimpse into the melted reactors at the Japanese plant after the 2011 nuclear disaster. More than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of Fukushima's six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami which devastated the country over three years ago.
Waheed Ahmed, the 21-year-old son of councillor Shakil Ahmed, was accused of trying to sneak into Syria with eight of his relatives and was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week. University student Waheed, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, and eight family members were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1 They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border in the town of Reyhanli.
Kansas law tells poor families that they can't use cash assistance from the state to attend concerts, go swimming, visit theme parks or buy lingerie. The list of don'ts runs to several dozen items. More than 20 other states have such lists. But, the one included by the Republican-dominated Kansas Legislature appears to be the most exhaustive, according to state Department for Children and Families officials.
Kim Kardashian's Selfish sells out in one minute. A set of 500 limited edition copies of Kim Kardashian’s highly-anticipated selfie book Selfish, which were signed and numbered by the reality star, sold out less than a minute after going on sale. Although the 34-year-old reality star's 352-page collection of selfies won’t be officially be available to the masses until May, Gilt.com offered fans a special pre-sale of copies on Thursday afternoon.
Gym teacher Paul Johnson-Yarosevich, 34, of Acton, Maine, is accused of posing as a young girl on a social media site and persuading an elementary school student to share inappropriate images of herself. The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact.
Prisoner Carlos Boente (pictured) was jailed for five years after he was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle, harassment and a phone possession charge. Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013.
Britain's biggest babies has been born - to a mum who asked for NO pain relief. Brave Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs.
Oratilwe Hlongwane: World's youngest DJ who is just two years old has a dedicated following of thousands of fans thanks to his ability to work the decks. Two-year-old AJ, whose DJ name is AJ, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop, making him a worldwide phenomenon. His capabilities have even earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music.
Prince Charles should 'write as many damn letters as he likes'. Labour peer John Prescott has defended Prince Charles over allegations he tries to secretly influence government policy with scrawled private notes to ministers. The former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers and insisted he had 'a lot to offer this country'. Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince - including one expressing his sadness at the death of the Labour politician's mother.
Michelle Keegan shows off her summer tan and enviable curves in new campaign for Lipsy. Just last month she was unveiled as the face of Garnier Ambre Solaire No Streaks Bronzer Self Tan range and is currently busy working on her new TV projects, but there's just no stopping Michelle Keegan. The pint-sized brunette is clearly keen to prove that there's no end to her talents - by designing yet another range.
Asian elephant returns to her mother after years apart. After a 62-mile (100km) trek through the Thai jungle, Me-Bai, the small elephant can be seen nuzzling her mother, Mae Yui, while the pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks in the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary, in the north of the country. The small elephant was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old, and didn't see her mother for three years. The elephant left the tourism trade 'because she [Me-
Child sexual abuse reports soar since Jimmy Savile scandal. Figures revealed thousands more people had contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011, with nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014. Despite a surge in reports, the number of arrests fell by nine per cent, prompting critics to accuse the Government of failing victims of abuse.
Ed Ed Miliband's strategy of attacking the Tories for trying to 'privatise' the NHS backfired after the father of a senior Labour politician admitted he had paid for treatment. Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend.
Bouncing baby gets carried away in his bouncer. This gives a whole new meaning to the phrase 'bouncing baby'. Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away.
Dome of the Rock carpet covers up clues to the location of the 'Lost Ark'. The work was simply meant to replace carpet, worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine, which overlooks old Jerusalem. But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago. The discovery of the cryptic geometric patterns immediately caught the attention of some researchers, thrilled at the possibility of solving the Indiana Jones-type mystery.
Aaron Hernandez murder trial: Sister Shayanna Jenkins, 25, and sister Shaneah Jenkins, 23, are estranged. Behind the highly-publicized trial of murderer Aaron Hernandez has played out a painful and private feud between two sisters. Hernandez's fiancée, Shayanna (pictured), 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder.
Patricia Ebel, 49, faces serious charges after crashing her BMW into a car. A grandmother is facing a raft of charges after being involved in a severe car crash and failing a sobriety test at the crime scene in Naples, Florida on Friday. She was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her luxury black BMW 5-Series into the car that was stopped at an intersection. Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriff's Deputies.
Rhodri Giggs loses his job as a HGV driver after being banned from the roads for driving without insurance. The brother of ex-footballer Ryan Giggs has lost his licence after being found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance. Under the 'totting-up' procedure, the former player-manager of non-league side Salford City, was forced to hand over his licence having already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences.
Dentist refuses milkshake in fear it could 'bring all the boys to her yard'. Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia.
Philadelphia mayoral candidate Lynne Abraham collapses on stage during debate. The televised debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia came to a crashing halt on Tuesday, when 74-year-old Abraham collapsed on stage. It was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question, and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor. Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness.
Father Elijah Overcomer, 26, left Gloriavale, a town of about 500 on New Zealand's west coast, with his wife, Rosanna, 29, and their children in late March 2013. Shortly following their departure, the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller The Village, by M. Night Shyamalan.
Robert Durst indicted on weapons charges in New Orleans. Millionaire real estate heir was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in a New Orleans hotel even though his lawyers say he wants to go to Los Angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there. His arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited.
Hulk Hogan's ex-wife Linda has listed her Simi Valley mansion in California for sale at $5.5million. Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009.
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families, while casting the former senator and secretary of state as a 'tenacious fighter' able to get results, two senior advisers said on Saturday. President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president.' The senior advisers provided the first preview of the message Clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on Sunday with an online video.
Alex Alex Impey is breaking the law selling his customers marijuana. But as long as he keeps hearing stories that the drug is helping them cope with pain, he couldn't care less.
Report: Russian hackers launched cyber-attack against White House's unclassified computer network last year. A new report has revealed that Russian hackers attacked the White House computer system last year. The hackers reportedly accessed President Obama's non-public schedule, which is considered highly sensitive information.
Marathon season is in full swing with the London Marathon set to take place a week on Sunday. The long distance runners will inspire many to take up running and as the evening gets lighter and the weather gets warmer, it's the perfect time to pull on your trainers and get fit. But what trainers should you go for?.
Gareth Edwards took to the stage to reveal a few details about Rogue One, the first of the standalone Star Wars films, at the Stars Wars Celebration in Anaheim, California. At the same time, the iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans in Star Wars anthology film, Rogue One.'
Tip Tipu Sultan, the Tiger of Mysore, in 1799, troops plundered the city and the palace, returning to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne. This month, a collection of the historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams, and experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million.
Italian couple fined £9,000 for having such noisy sex that it forced their neighbours to move out. Caroline Cartwright, from Tyne and Wear, was jailed for 12 weeks and handed a four-year ASBO for having noisy sex with her husband of 38 years, Steve.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project. 'Why wouldn't aliens be interested in watching a historical moment in human history?,' asked Waring in his blog. 'Especially since the capsule was unmanned, there were no worries that they would be seen.'
Woman 'deliberately rammed widower with shopping trolley at Marks & Spencer. Melanie Buck is said to have become frustrated because the food aisles in Marks &amp; Spencer were gridlocked by Christmas shoppers. When she could not get past 60-year-old Michael Buckley she exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over with her trolley, it was alleged. Mr Buckley – who suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st – fell to the floor in the M&S aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist.
California appeals court rules yoga classes in school are not a gateway to Hinduism. The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes. The lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity.
Fourth person has been arrested over the alleged murder of a Syrian imam who was shot dead in his car on a London street. Police announced today that they had arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani.
Sisters who allowed their bank accounts to be used to con elderly couple out of their £36,000 life savings have avoided jail. Sisters Sophie Morgan, 21, and Sheree Morgan, 25, of Nelson, Lancashire, agreed to let their accounts be used by a fraudster posing as a policeman. The couple, a man aged 86, and his 84-year old wife from Cardiff in South Wales, were contacted by a man pretending to be a Metropolitan Police detective sergeant falsely claiming they were about to fall victim to an Eastern European crime gang.
Jemma Peacock, 31, suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life. The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments.
Pet cats are being snatched off the streets and killed in their ten of thousands across Asia - to feed the booming appetite for their meat in Vietnam. Restaurants serving domestic cats – sold as a delicacy known as 'baby tiger' – are springing up across northern Vietnam, despite laws against eating the animals. And at one restaurant – an hour's drive from the capital Hanoi – the owner told MailOnline demand is so high he'd slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up.
Two-year-old girl who was born with abnormal facial development smiles six months after surgery. Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, is now smiling, laughing and dancing again after a major surgery, aided by 3D printing, helped reshape her face. The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose and the space between her eyes.
No Man's Land Fort, a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, is set to open this month. The unique hotel looks like could be a fortress of a James Bond villain and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events. With four floors packed with a variety of entertaining facilities, it’s sure to leave guests with unforgettable memories.
Nearly 90% of US adults now have health insurance. Underlining a change across the nation, nearly 90per cent of U.S. adults now say they have insurance, according to an extensive survey released Monday. Researchers behind the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index say the number of uninsured Americans is now at a record low.
Parents are getting into debt by letting their adult children live at home for longer. The so-called ‘boomerang generation’ are placing their parents under serious financial pressure by living at home even in their twenties and thirties. Now, debt organisations have warned that parents should not be afraid to ask their children for rent and money towards household bills.
T-shirts branded with jokes about stalking slammed by charity. Clothing that features slogans joking about stalking has been slammed by the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, a London-based charity which aims to'make society a safer place'..
Whale strandings on Japanese beaches trigger fears of tsunami. The whales, which are in fact a species of dolphin, were found washed up along a 6-mile (10km) stretch of the Pacific coast of Hokato, around 60 miles (100km) north of Tokyo. Although officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings, they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake. The mass stranding of 160 melon-headed whales on two beaches in Japan has triggered fears of upcoming earthquake and tsunami.
Utah father's 'awesome fun zone' for his children will be forced down by city officials who didn't appreciate his out-of-the-box thinking and called the cardboard castle in his front yard 'junk'. Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, last week built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son Max and two-year old daughter Story, that included trap doors and a small slide. The father, who works as a florist arranging intricate displays, was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be
Britney E. Montenegro was arrested covered in blood, however police say it was not her own. The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando.
Dust Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes and may be the reason why you have a runny nose or watery eyes. The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms.
Tony Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014. The Marion County prosecutor's office filed the request on Monday, for life without the chance of parole.
Ed Miliband pledges to cut deficit every year if Labour wins the election. Ed Miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit in a last-ditch attempt to steal the Tories’ mantle as the party of economic responsibility. He will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a ‘time of scarcity’. Launching the party’s manifesto in Manchester, Mr Miliband will claim 'not one policy' in it would be funded through additional government borrowing.
Scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the Arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas which is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide. One reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading Knipovich ridge, in the deep Fram Strait of the Arctic Ocean.
Martina Levato, 23, and her German boyfriend Alexander Boettcher, 30, wanted to 'purge' her previous relationships by assaulting men she had previously been linked to, a Milan court heard. The 23-year-old, who was reportedly a student at Milan's private Bocconi university, also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in May 2014, prosecutors alleged. The couple was detained on December 28 last year on suspicion of throwing acid on the face and body of her ex-boyfriend Pietro Barbini. The 22-year old was left with third-degree
Gavin Munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds, pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints. Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades which he hopes to harvest next year.
Runnymede anarchists make shanty town just yards from Magna Carta site. Squatting on the private land, the group, who are linked to the Occupy London movement that caused chaos in London when they set up camp outside St Paul’s Cathedral in 2011, have left locals outraged. The battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the anniversary on June 15.
Hundreds of staff at the Royal Courts of Justice and London School of Economics were evacuated again today after a building due to be demolished collapsed 'like a pancake' injuring a 56-year-old workman. Workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building.
Morbidly obese Rochelle Coulson receives £18,000 a year in benefits because she claims her weight-related illness makes her a danger to the public. The 21-year-old, who put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom', has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace. She claims the condition leaves her so tired that she cannot travel to work.
Mother-of-four discovers four-foot snake in bath just a week after moving into her new home. Michelle Woods, from Norton in Teesside, was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving' in the bath. And when the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face to face with the reptile.
When Canadian expat Lisa Webb first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in France, she feared her daughter would starve during the day. The former assistant elementary school principal, who moved to France in 2009, was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers - dishes she was used to eating in fancy restaurants with her husband. But when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks for one week, she witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks' and eating everything put in front of them
Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid, Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia, Lydia Rose Bright and more star in #SelfieEsteem campaign. Celebrities are putting their first face forward by snapping just one selfie and sharing it unfiltered on social media in aid of a new campaign. Female stars have all stepped up to the plate for the initiative, which launched today, as well as male contenders including Piers Morgan.
Gianni Van's trial begins in 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez. Attorneys for two sides agree that in April 1995, a 24-year-old man who had been pointed out by a Southern California college student as her rapist had his truck rear-ended before he was kidnapped, brutally beaten and killed. Where they differ is on the role of Gianni van in the murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a road. A man accused of killing his ex-girlfriend as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend has gone on trial
Man gored between the legs by rampaging bull in Spain. The unfortunate incident happened on the street in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca, during the annual fiesta. The celebrations begin on April 8 and last until April 19.
One in five parents sedates their children before a long road trip, despite fears the medication can cause breathing problems. A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families which revealed four in five families use technology to deal with bored children, giving them a hand held computer game, like an iPad, while another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride.
Volvo teamed up with a Sweden-based start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint. The paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in London were snapped up in days.
Family tries to keep snowman alive for as long as possible, but Frosty finally melts in 70-degree temperatures. Mike Fregoe of Massapequa Park, New York, says he and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall. Since then, his height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March.
Gwyneth Paltrow to live on just $29 worth of food for a week. The 42-year-old mother-of-two, who founded popular lifestyle wesbite Goop, posted a picture of her $29 grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday afternoon, showcasing a range of healthy options, including a variety of fresh vegetables, some brown rice and some black beans. 'This is what $29 gets you at the grocery store - what families on SNAP (i.e.
Singing three dogs perform a musical ensemble for the benefit of their owner. Captured in a front room in Bahama, North Carolina, the three dogs – a Husky called Sky, a brown and white Springer Spaniel called Sadie and a black and white Springer Spaniel called Marshall – take their positions on their make-shift stage. Getting the tune underway, Sadie begins barking and then rests her muzzle on Sky’s ear as if whispering something – Sky reacts by playfully mouthing in her direction.
Marion 'Suge' Knight rushed to hospital for medical emergency after judge rules he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges. The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other. He faces up to life in prison if convicted in the case. He has pleaded no contest to robbery and assault in 1995 and was sentenced to five years' probation.
The largest single high-definition map of mysterious dark matter has been produced. It is the first in a series of maps of the cosmos that will eventually allow a 3D view of dark matter across one eighth of the night sky. And the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe.
Rich Kids of Instagram travel by private jet, sleep in presidential suites, wake up to scrambled eggs topped with truffles and spend the rest of the day lounging on a luxurious yacht. MailOnline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco to name but a few cities before indulging in their stratospheric nightlife during Spring Break. The rich kids of Instagram: Meet the rich kids who travel by jet-setter and spend their money on luxury yachts, luxury cars and star-st
Alaska Airlines flight 448 returns to Seattle after baggage handler falls asleep in cargo hold. Fourteen minutes after the flight took off on Monday, the pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft. The cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized, so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen.
Britain is on course to be the second fastest growing major economy in the world, in a major boost for George Osborne. The International Monetary Fund predicts the UK economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016, beaten only by the United States.
George Osborne was challenged 18 times yesterday to explain where the next Tory government would find the extra £8billion it has promised the NHS. During tense exchanges with the BBC's Andrew Marr, the Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for.
Pete Evans' baby cookbook co-authors speak out in defence of the chef's decision to independently release the book despite being dumped by publishers. Speaking on The Morning Show, Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings. The cookbook, which was supposed to be released last Month, was delayed before being cancelled completely by Pan Macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth. 'We've taken all of the [health] information on board and applied it to the
Four British sailors charged with sexual assault after alleged attack on woman in Canada. Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, were each charged with one count of sexual assault in connection with the alleged incident at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Pensioner David Atherton was shocked to find a three-foot snake slithering inside his oven when he innocently went to cook his pie and chipsThe 65-year old from Halliwell, Bolton was just about to put his meal in the cooker when he caught sight of the black and white California king hiding insideAtherton scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box before alerting the policeHe said: 'Her phobia is so bad she cannot even look at a snake on TV, let alone see one in real life'I would not like to hazard a guess as to what
Shar Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim and former religious scholar. He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy in Tower Hamlets.
Judy Judy Murray has already wasted no time in revealing she simply ‘can’t wait to be a granny’. However, the tennis coach, who helped propel Andy, 27, and his brother, Jamie, 29, to sporting success, has a couple of caveats – he has to get the French Open and Wimbledon out of the way first.
Britain is set for another week of warm weather, with forecasters predicting temperatures could rise as high as 25C (77F) by Wednesday. The promise of more sunshine comes after Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9C (71.4F) observed at St James's Park in London.
French warship that carried Lafayette sets sail for the US. The replica of an 18th Century French navy frigate L'Hermione, set sail on its maiden voyage to the United States off the coast of Fouras, southwestern France on Saturday. The ship will leave towards the US with several stopovers, including Philadelphia, New York and Boston.
The best Instagram accounts to book a trip abroad. Whether you're simply day-dreaming about all of the places you need to see around the world or looking to book your next trip abroad, perusing Instagram is a great place to find ideas. But there are some accounts that are simply a cut above the rest.
Police are assessing footage which appears to show Arsenal fans singing a homophobic chant about Ashley Cole. The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading.
Hobart International Airport website hacked and defaced with statement supporting ISIS. The Hobart Airport website has been shut down after a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS was left on it. The website for the Hobart airport has been hacked.
Natasha McKay, 24, and Patrick, 22, left severely disabled after hospital staff made the same mistakes. Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage and would be left disabled after errors were made by medics at the former Sharoe Green Hospital in Preston. When she became pregnant with her second child, less than two years later, she was reassured the same mistake would not be repeated.
Scientists have unraveled how octopuses manage to keep track of all of their flailing limbs as they crawl over objects. The video above, recorded by researchers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, shows how that despite its body orientation the octopus can crawl in any direction thanks to its flexible arms.
Boko Haram militants disguised themselves as preachers to carry out savage gun massacre in northern Nigeria that left at least 24 people dead. The Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state.
How to help minimise the impact of these memory problems, to prolong independence and help those with dementia live as full a life as possible. Today, in the third part of our major Good Health series on dementia.
Becky Watts' mother fears coming face-to-face with Anje Galsworthy, whose son is accused of the teenager's murder. Becky Watts, 16, vanished from her father's family home in Crown Hill, Bristol, on February 19, sparking a huge search operation. Police discovered her body parts at a house in Barton Hill, on March 2 and charged her stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, 28, with murder.
Mangu Ram: 'If only the gods could show us some mercy' - Indian refugee who has been denied citizenship rights for 70 years. As healer Ram rests with a threadbare blanket over his creaking knees, the 82-year-old looks to the future. It is almost 70 years since he fled the violence that followed the partition of India, and he is still regarded as a second class citizen.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013. He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him
Doppelgängers find their real-life 'twin strangers' in Birmingham, Birmingham and Essex. Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, aren't the only pair to have found their twin strangers, either by mistake or after a social media hunt. Now three similar British cases have been revealed; a London-based journalist who found hers in Birmingham, two male university students, also in London, and two retired men in Essex.
Dog Twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance while on a walk near their home last Monday. The four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs near the village bus stop.
Ex-obese man loses 160lbs in 20 months. Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day. But it wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life.
Nick Clegg struggled with maths at school. The Lib Dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art when he was at school. He will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy and a fairer society', and accuse the Tories of wanting to embark on an unnecessarily deep cuts.
Chuka Umunna fails to mention Ed Miliband at Labour fundraising dinner. After Tony Blair’s speech in his former constituency of Sedgefield last week, the former PM made an appearance at a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats. But despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories, only one Shadow Cabinet minister, Chuka Umunna, could be bothered to attend.
Woman knocked over by Canadian tourist on Great Wall of China. Cui Hongfang, from Heilongjiang Province in north-eastern China, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old Canadian woman. Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating.
Dumped on the side of a busy road outside Southampton, emaciated and riddled with worms, he was shivering pitifully in the January chill and clinging to life by a thread. The six-month-old foal was in a pitiful state.
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life. The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on.
New images show Chinese construction work in South China Sea. The aerial images show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the flashpoint South China sea. The Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched giant war games with the United States.
Jeremy Kyle reveals he's not her father. Sarah's ordeal was played out on TV after she agreed to appear on the Jeremy Kyle Show to undergo a DNA test. The 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed Phil, who appeared with her on the ITV show, was not in fact her real father. Sarah's mother had dropped the bombshell that Phil - who had raised Sarah - may not actually be related to her last year.
Steve McQueen's sex appeal may have been boosted by his aftershave, Eau Sauvage, which contained a potent chemical known as Hedione. Now scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women. The German study found that Hedione activated a specific hypothalamic region, in women more strongly than in men. But scientists are still divided over whether humans can actually communicate via pheromones. In the animal kingdom, this kind of communication is widespread.
Elizabeth Jane Howard's collection of ancient jewellery to go under the hammer. She is best known for her World War II saga, The Cazalet Chronicles, but novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard had a passion for history of a considerably more ancient kind. The novelist, who died in 2014 aged 90, amassed a spectacular collection of Greek, Egyptian and Roman jewellery during her lifetime, among them pieces up to 3,500 years old.
GoPro is set to be named the highest-paid CEO of 2014 at the tender age of 39. The pioneering camera innovator clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $284.
Police in Argentina are hunting a family-of-six who crammed onto one motorbike before riding through the streets without helmets. They were spotted driving through the city of San Miguel de Tucuman in Argentina's north-western province of Tucuman A man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a girl and a woman sat on the seat behind him
Jonathan Krueger, 22, was shot and killed at 2 a.m. Friday in what police are calling a robbery turned deadly. Justin D. Smith, 18, and 20-year-old Efrain Diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail.
Could these be the boots of a disembodied samurai soldier, lingering mysteriously behind this little girl?. A spooky dark visage that appears behind the child in this photograph has sparked online rumours of a ghost.
Lesbian couple's pregnancy photos go viral after they each carry a child one year apart. A lesbian couple in North Carolina who documented how they created their new family in a series of online pictures say they are shocked but thankful after people said the catalogue of images were an 'inspiration'. They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later. The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation.
Indiana pizzeria that closed after owner said his religious beliefs wouldn't allow him to cater a gay wedding opens to a full house of friends, regulars and people wanting to show their support. 'It's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal,' said Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza. He said gays are welcome in his restaurant in the small, one-traffic-light town of Walkerton, 20 miles southwest of South Bend.
Barcelona-based booking platform ByHours allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours, and it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board. The App allows the user to select their area, and then their time slot, to be then shown a list of available hotels.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of Tampa Bay. He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen. A cop and a case manager then looked into his past, and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver's licence.
Judge who fell asleep while a child abuse victim gave evidence has been reprimanded by his bosses. The part-time judge, Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court.
Mom live tweets her son's sex education class after becoming outraged by its abstinence only stance. Author Alice Dreger took to Twitter to express her horror at what she heard at East Lansing High School, in Michigan, when she sat in on a lesson earlier this week. Ms Dreger, a respected professor, began furiously tweeting out the contents of the lesson - which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex.
Michelle Knight, who was held captive by Ariel Castro for more than a decade, spoke Wednesday at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center Faces of Change Luncheon. 'I don’t want my heart to be chained to the situations that I went through,' she told the crowd of 1,200 people.
Where you are in your family determines who you are. Ever wondered if your personality was decided at birth? It turns out, the order in which you were born can not only have an effect on your personality, but also your chances of academic success. According to Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown, from Toronto, who present an online science show.
Cloud resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appears in central China. Mother Nature recently appeared to lend a helping hand by giving locals what could be the world's largest 'Wi-Fi cloud'..
Kestrels and barn owls fight over nesting box in North Yorkshire. Two birds of prey brutally fighting over a nesting box, staring each other down before attacking each other with sharp talons and beaks. A kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other while trying to gain mastery of the box so they could lay eggs and rear their young.
Pregnant women who suffer extreme morning sickness are at greater risk of their children having language and speech delays, and attention disorders, warn researchers. About 10,000 women a year in the UK are affected by the debilitating hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) - a severe form of morning sickness which causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration. Marlena Fejzo, an associate researcher in the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, said the link appeared to be due to lack of nutrition in early pregnancy – especially in the first five weeks – rather than medication.
Woman, 26, who was unable to eat anything for a year and a half reveals her battle with rare pancreatitis. Kyli Wilfson, a self-confessed ‘food person’, was 26 when she first started experiencing agonizing pain – which made her feel like she had been ‘kicked in the abdomen’ – whenever she ate, a symptom which doctors initially brushed off as being due to a mild pancreatic problem which would ‘resolve itself’ in a matter of days. Kyli, now 29, was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, and the North Carolina resident found
Asabi Barner sues Harlem tattoo parlor Black Ink for botched chest tattoo. A woman from South Carolina is suing Black Ink, claiming an artist there did a botch job on a chest piece that left her disfigured and in pain. The shop's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew, which has had three seasons.
Woman killed in fiery crash in Texas was returning from her own engagement party. Veronica ‘Roni’ Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble. Four were killed instantly in the collision. Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
Cougar P-22 makes his home in the crawlspace under a Los Feliz house. When Jason Archinaco's wife said she wanted to get a fourth cat, it is unlikely that this is quite the addition to the household she imagined. Because, since Monday, the family have been sharing their home with arguably Los Angeles' most famous mountain lion.
Ukip MEP praises Vladimir Putin as a ‘very strong leader’. Diane James, Ukip's Justice Spokesman, also applauded Mr Putin's nationalist credentials and argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union. Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a 'brilliant operator'.
U.S. special ops troops fear Pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units. Studies that surveyed personnel found'major misconceptions' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs. They also revealed concerns that department leaders would 'capitulate to political pressure, allowing erosion of training standards'.
'Planet Earth' is getting a sequel. It was one of the greatest TV series ever made, and changed the way we view our planet.
These century-old photos offer a rare glimpse of some of Beijing’s most popular tourist attractions at a time when they barely had any foreign tourists and no one had ever heard of a selfie. They are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital – taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty – and they show landmarks almost devoid of visitors. The quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year. The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple
Thousands of rotting fish die in Rio de Janeiro lagoon where Olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held. Thousands of silver fish have died and have been scooped out of Rodrigo de Freitas lake, but city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause. More than 37 tons of fish have been collected, but there is still an overwhelming stench.
Flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana, is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP. That's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone, the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts. The high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again.
These stunning images capture the way young people in Iran are defying the country's hardline Islamic image to create a more Westernised society. Taken in the capital Tehran, the photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles.
Andrés Iniesta is renting out his vineyard on Airbnb. He is a World Cup winner, Spanish football legend, and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy Barcelona CF outfit. And now tourists are being offered the chance to walk in the footsteps.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window and greet customers or curious visitors who have travelled to the Shimada Cigarette Shop from afar. He may be the most adorable salesman ever, but is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a glass display case under the counter. When a customer rings the bell for service, he leaps to his feet and opens the window for his owner, Hisako Suzuki, who runs the shop in a west Tokyo neighbourhood, near Musashi-Koganei metro station.
Michelle Keegan shows off her summer tan in new campaign. The star, who started out playing Tina McIntyre in Coronation Street, has launched a stellar career since leaving the cobbled streets of Weatherfield behind. The pint-sized brunette may be busy filming for her new show, as well as modelling in her new Garnier Ambre Solaire campaign, but she's managed to fit designing a new fashion range into her hectic schedule.
Bega Cheese boss Maurice Van Ryn'stole my right to share my body with someone for the first time'. A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by Bega cheese boss Maurice van Ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life. The wealthy NSW businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child.
RosRosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko. The jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material.
Pit pull puppy who couldn't walk due to birth defect likened to Fred Astaire after undergoing reconstructive surgery. Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps. Footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes.
Anti-Hillary Clinton street art emerges in Brooklyn just hours before Clinton's presidential candidacy announcement. The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician, according to the Weekly Standard. The posters are said to have appeared in Brooklyn on Saturday night near her campaign's new headquarters in the borough, where staffers began working on Friday.
Driver of van who struck and killed 2-year-old shot dead at the scene. Police Captain Timothy Heier says the car accident occurred at 5:10pm Sunday after the child ran into the street in a residential neighborhood on the 4600 block of North 48th Street in Milwaukee. Before officers could show up, someone opened fire - shooting the driver in the head.
Reddit thread puts a clickable button next to a 60-second timer. If you were placed in a room with a button and told not to press it, could you fight the temptation? A current Reddit thread is testing its users resolve to do just this.
Doolittle raiders give Congressional Gold Medal to National Museum of the US Air Force. Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders. The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight.
Convicted felon who robbed a bank so he could go back to prison for food and shelter is staying on the straight and narrow after an outpouring of support from his community. David Potchen, 53, had told a Lake County judge earlier this year that he attempted to rob a local Chase bank so that he could get placed back in custody, where he had served 12 and a half years in prison. He is now employed and living with the support of his relatives.
The different maternity styles that celebrities are opting for. Maternity style can be a hard thing to get right. With a swiftly-changing body and fluctuating shape, it can be difficult to dress during pregnancy. Many will be glad to know that our celebrity counterparts seem to struggle with it just as much.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris as he tried to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store in Tulsa, Oklahoma. A 73-year-old reserve deputy in Oklahoma accidentally grabbed his pistol and shot a man dead after thinking he had his stun gun when he opened fire. Eric Harris, 44, was being restrained by one of the undercover police officers when Bates, who was monitoring from afar, ran up and fired one shot.
British expat David King's body found dumped at bottom of well after fight over stolen vegetables. His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in the picturesque hamlet of Pierres, south-west of Caen, and an unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder. The alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts.
Drunken stag party group caused mayhem on flight from Scotland to Spain. Fellow passengers sat stunned as the yobs - some of whom were shirtless - sung and swore their way from Glasgow to Alicante on a Jet2 flight last Friday morning. Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing. Mobile phone footage of the incident shows a female passenger arguing and grappling with a group of men in the aisle of the plane.
One-eyed police murderer Dale Cregan on hunger strike for second time in a bid to be moved from prison to secure psychiatric hospital. One eye-shot police murderer is on a second hunger strike in a month after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell. The 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester, formerly Strangeways, a month ago. He is hoping to be transferred from the Category A prison to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside, the Daily Star Sunday reported.
AnnaAnna Broom, of Gillingham, in Kent, has not worked since the age of 19, during which time she has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits. The jobless 33-year-old now wants an extra £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional English wedding and party in a castle'.
Border collies Anna and Indi make waves at surfing competitions. It’s no secret that almost all dogs love water, but very few are making waves like these two border collies. With the help of their owner, Zane Jones, they use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of Queensland, Australia.
Russian cyclist narrowly escapes death as HGV knocks him from his bicycle. Marathon rider Ruslan Bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg when the truck overtook him on the St Petersburg ring road. Bazarova was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the season of the Baltic Star club when the incident happened.
The average pet spends a staggering 21 hours a week watching TV, according to a new study. Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals and even leave it on when they are out to keep them company. And the nation's cats, dogs and pigs show a marked preference for programmes featuring other animals while shunning reality shows such as the Keeping Up With The Kardashians and TOWIE. Paul O'Grady's show 'For the Love of Dogs' is an absolute television favourite of pets.
Top Gear's James May backtracks on comments about Sue Perkins. James May has been forced to backtrack for suggesting Top Gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves'. Perkins, who became a favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson after a flurry of bets, recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of the horrific abuse.
Babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers, a large-scale study has found. The Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription.
French castle on the market for less than half the price of a flat in a desirable area of London. The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the property market for £703,400. The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to the lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday. Reacting to the latest embarrassing security lapse at the White House and Capitol, Johnson pleaded for calm and resisted calls for sweeping changes.
Obese Chinese school sends 50 obese children to special 'Kung Fu Panda' gym classes to help them lose weight. Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, in China's eastern Zhejiang province, are put through their paces by instructors every day after school. The Kung Fu Panda classes were set up after a survey showed that 5 per cent of its 858 students were obese, with one 11-year-old pupil weighing in at 180lbs, reports The People's Daily Online. While some of the exercises may appear grueling, instructors say they are focused on making fitness fun, and also
Prince William to take full fortnight of paternity leave. The future king, 32, became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance.
FDA rules that KIND bars are not as healthy as they purport to be. They're the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the U.S. with sales topping $100 million. But the FDA has ruled that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy'.
Secret Service arrests intruder who jumped over White House railings. The intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home at 10.25pm. Brian Leary of the United States Secret Service said the unnamed person was in custody in Washington DC and charges were pending.
Redditors took to Reddit in their millions in the hope of pinpointing the suspect or suspects behind the Boston Marathon bombings, which killed two women and a young boy, and injured a further 264. But in the days after the 2013 attack, the users of the subreddit, Find Boston Bombers, hurled false accusations at countless spectators who had been wearing backpacks at the high-profile event.
Ed Ed Miliband repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs, crime and the effect of tuition fees. The refusal to accept that he had been proved wrong since the election came in a combative interview with Evan Davis on the BBC's Newsnight.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet on his sacking so the shows can go ahead 'in good spirit'. The global tour of the motoring looked like it faced the axe following Clarkson's hotel fracas with producer Oisin Tymon over a steak dinner.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month. Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria. However, a Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara and are currently in custody. The family of six have been missing from their home in Slough, Berkshire, since April 7.
Vintage driving goggles may be set to make a comeback, because BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers such as X-ray-like vision. The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see. For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks.
Man makes 'f****** horrible' Friends trifle. Neil Killham, 32, from Manchester, announced his plans on Twitter with a picture of his clashing ingredients with the caption: 'It's finally time. I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends.'.
British expats 'trapped' in Spain over bed and breakfast. Patrick and Valerie Jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property where they currently reside in Jimena de la Frontera, but it is now on the brink of being torn down. The retired couple told Spain’s Olive Press news website that they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate over illegal additions made by a previous owner.
Robert F Kennedy Jr compares childhood vaccinations to a holocaust. The nephew of President John F Kennedy spoke out against a proposed bill in California which would make childhood immunizations mandatory - no matter what their parent's personal beliefs on the vaccines. The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among American children.
U.S. envoy Mark Lippert said in a speech on Wednesday that if North Korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program, it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world, including the United States. The North’s Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said the remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility. The 42-year-old, whose face was bandaged and had his arm in a brace, needed 80 stitches after being set upon.
Arizona woman sees Jesus Christ in her dental x-ray. Kym Ackerman, 32, saw the son of God in an x-rays of one her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in Flagstaff on March 25. Ackerman spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist.
Britain is in the grip of an allergy epidemic, a report claims. The number of allergy sufferers is soaring and almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction.
Drunk father-of-two faces hours of agonising laser surgery after mis-spelling his own son's name while giving himself a DIY tattoo. Tom Moffatt, 27, from Ashton-under-Lyne in Tameside, Greater Manchester, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm. But instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P - and had to urgently'scribble' over the mistake.
Queen Letizia dresses for spring in a white trouser suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch. The 42-year-old, who delivered an address at the event, paired a chic blazer with perfectly-cut tailored trousers, which showed off her svelte figure. She kept her accessories neutral, opting for a pair of patent nude platform heels and a purse woven from fabric of varying nude shades.
South Carolina kidnapping thwarted because would-be abductor couldn't operate stick shift. 27-year-old Demetri Nelson still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday, several hours after the kidnapping attempt, the Sumter County sheriff's office said in a news release. Deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year old woman's home and demanded money.
Chobani founder Hamdi Ulukaya settles $2 billion lawsuit with ex-wife Ayse Giray. The founder and CEO of Chobani has settled a lawsuit filed by his ex wife, who laid claim to half the $2 billion Greek yogurt empire. His American-born ex, Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality.
Family donates 1,000 Easter eggs to children's hospital. Ellie Marshall, 10, and Taylor Biggin, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year to a mystery illness, and when Easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital where he was cared for. It's every chocoholic's dream come true - a mountain of Easter eggs covering the entire house. But while Lian Marshall does have two chocolate-loving daughters, this incredible bounty is not for them.
Sally Jones, 45, who once played in a female punk band, ran away from her home in Chatham, Kent, to wage jihad with her toyboy husband in Raqqa, Syria, the terror group's de facto capital. A video has now emerged which appears to show the mother-of-two leading members of the al-Khanssaa Brigade - the all-women contingent set up by ISIS - in a series of chants expressing the fighters' commitment to jihad.
World's longest ever kidney donation chain linked its final donor to ailing recipient last month when a Wisconsin woman became the 34th person whose life was saved by the record-setting program. Mitzi Neyens, 77, was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program--her only option since her age barred her from receiving a deceased donor's organ.
Anthem of the Seas, the world's third-largest cruise ship, has just arrived in Southampton, UK. Ahead of its naming ceremony, the mammoth ocean liner has reached its berth: the 101 in Southampton Docks, which will be its home port for the summer season. With 16 decks and a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time, the ship is truly an engineering marvel.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed, from south London, uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year. Some of the messages she posted between June 1 2013 and May 14 2014, included pictures of the corpses of fighters killed in Syria which she uploaded to her Instagram account. Her tweets also included a poem 'Mother of the Martyr' which advises parents how to raise a child to be violent with weapons and learn jihad.
Mysterious 'warm blob' of water off the West coast of the US could explain why states like California are experiencing their worst ever drought, while the East is battered by freezing weather. The blob in the ocean was discovered last year, with temperatures one to four degrees Celsius (two to seven degrees Fahrenheit) above surrounding 'normal' water. And the blob has now extended about 1,000 miles (1,600km) offshore, from Mexico up to Alaska, and could herald a warmer summer for some regions. It is also having an effect on marine life. Fish have been spotted in unusual places, supporting recent reports that
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at a private academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing.
Al Qaida gains control of major airport, sea port in Yemen. The terrorist group Al Qaida seized control of a major airport and oil terminal in southern Yemen today, consolidating its hold on the country's largest province. It came amid wider chaos pitting Shiite rebels against forces loyal to the exiled president and a Saudi-led air campaign.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on Tuesday. Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children.
Missouri inmate executed for killing man in a fit of rage over child support payments 16 years ago. Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri. His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill.
Chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year, according to a new documentary. Some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms after parts of their bodies had been removed, it has been claimed. The harrowing details were revealed in the SBS Dateline documentary Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking which charted an eight year investigation in to what is said to be a multi-billion pound 'organs-on-demand' transplant programme. It reveals Red Cross estimations that just 37 people are registered organ donors in China, even though the country has the second highest rate of transplants in the
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone. Since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world, due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property or crashes in the air with other aircraft. From capturing the street scene in Barcelona to the majestic glory of the Taj Mahel, his photographs of some of the world’s most far-flung and enchanting places could become ‘one of a kind’ as he re-posted them under a
Frenchman suspected of killing British expat neighbour and throwing his body down a well in rural Normandy. David King, 70, and originally from east London, had not been seen for six months in the picturesque hamlet of Pierres, in the Calvados department, south west of Caen.
Diesel Diesel model Winnie Harlow, who suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with, has been pictured enjoying a cozy night on the town with albino fashion star Shaun Ross. The pair attended a launch event for Popular magazine at Siren Studios in Hollywood, California, on Tuesday night, and were snapped holding hands while making their way into the venue.
Jon Stewart reveals he quit The Daily Show because he was becoming increasingly depressed by American politics and watching cable news. 'Watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing,' Stewart told The Guardian. 'I live in a constant state of depression. I put on my helmet, I go and mine turds, hopefully I don't get turd lung disease.'
Whooping cough vaccine in short supply in Australia. There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccines in Australia, according to Queensland Health. However, medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women.
Doctor John Parker tested negative for the deadly Ebola virus after returning from West Africa. The humanitarian doctor from Sunshine Coast in Queensland had been working at an Australian-run Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year.
Nigel Nigel Farage last night held out an olive branch to David Cameron as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government. The Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
Daughter of paedophile jailed for sexually assaulting eight-year-old girl says he should be 'hanged'. Becky Handley, 20, discovered her father, Raymond Handley's grisly crimes against a child in a local newspaper article. He was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court after details of the repeated assaults emerged.
Rihanna is always ahead of the fashion curve. Which is why when the singer headed out to a restaurant in Santa Monica to eat on Tuesday night without a bra, she was most likely paying a nod to the latest trend.
Goose Goose narrowly avoids snapping fox’s jaw. The action-packed photographs were captured by Roger Byng, 67, on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed 'Jabba the Hutt' by bullies and became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year. He was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived, ironically, because he hadn’t taken enough to defeat his massive frame.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013. Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple. In victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men.'
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health, a study found. The study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with Stage B heart failure. Stage B is where patients have developed structural heart disease - they may, for example, have had a heart attack that damaged the heart.
HillaryHillary Rodham Clinton took aim at Republicans on Monday for latching on to a new book that details sweetheart deals she allegedly made between foreign governments and the U.S. State Department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation. 'It is, I think, worth noting that the Republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she told reporters in the liberal New Hampshire bastion of Keene.
The skeleton of a new species of giant predatory bird that terrorised the Earth 3.5 million years ago has been discovered and is helping to reveal how these creatures would have sounded. Palaeontologists say the four feet (1.2 metres) tall bird is one of the most complete skeletons of a 'terror bird' - a group of flightless prehistoric meat-eating birds - to be discovered. The South American bird has been named Llallawavis scagliai - meaning Scaglia's Magnificent Bird.
Microsoft to recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in Microsoft's Redmond offices in Washington. Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne.
I'm Up Alarm will only turn off if you physically get out of bed and scan a bar code in another part of your house. In this constantly connected digital world, the chirping of a mobile phone beside the bed is rarely a pleasant way to be woken in the morning. But the team behind a new app clearly feel that the tiny rendition of a rumba blaring from your mobile is not enough to drag you from beneath the covers. Instead they have developed an alarm that will only be able to be turned off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet.
'Double wife killer' Harold Henthorn wants to use $1.5m life insurance pay out to pay for his defense in his wife's murder trial. 'Double husband killer' wants to pay out from life insurance policy taken out on his second wife to fund defense in murder trial for her murder. Dr Toni Jill Bertolet plunged 140 ft to her death shortly before their 12th wedding anniversary while hiking with Henthorne in a remote stretch of Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado.
Labour, Ukip and the Greens back Mail on Sunday's campaign to add first aid to the curriculum. Three more political parties have vowed to teach lifesaving skills in schools, backing The Mail onSunday’s campaign. Charities last night welcomed the move to create a new generation of lifesavers.
Tiny kitten snuggles up to Dalmatian who towers over him. Uno, just three weeks old, and Louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month. The clip begins with one of the Pogue family, who recently adopted the kitten, tentatively holding him before the two pets are introduced.
Teenager hanged himself five months after mother Alison Overton died. William Smith, 14, from Grimsby, died in August last year, just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease. The teenager wore her favourite bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume to remind himself of her after she died.
'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once'. A vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women. Close to 150 protesters gathered on Saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company Wicked Campers, after the brand failed remove'sexist' paintings from their vans.
Walmart is coming under fire following a recent incident in Tuscon, Arizona where a thief was able to shoot of rounds from a weapon after stealing it from their store. Mario Valencia took a rifle from the super store on February 19, something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons.
Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette'. The Duchess is famous for philanthropy but not, until now, feminism. 'I'm not going to be forced to have to look different every time I go out': 'She repeats outfits, which is brilliant'. 'She's so fabulous on every level.'
One million men are now actively choosing to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or retire gradually. Official figures show there has been a stark 14 per cent rise in the number of men opting to work part-time in the last two years.
John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated.
Senegalese wrestlers Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene battle it out in 'Le Choc' at Dakar. Grappling on the sand and roared on by a vociferous sell-out crowd, these two powerhouses of Senegal's wrestling trade mighty blows with one another. The two famous wrestlers competed in the crunch match dubbed Le Choc at Demba Diop Stadium in the capital of Dakar yesterday.
More than 100,000 people on the coast of the Pacific Northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of Japan. Seventy-seven percent of the communities lying in the risk zone are equipped with the kind of geography and location to allow them the 15 to 25 minutes required for successful tsunami evacuation after a large-magnitude earthquake hits.
Countess of Wessex, Princess Beatrice and Autumn Phillips attend Easter church service. Sophie, 50, wife of Prince Edward, wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes, while Beatrice, 26, the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson, opted for an unusual blue creation. The Queen and Prince Philip were joined by the rest of royal family as they attended a traditional Easter Sunday church service at Windsor Castle today.
Lord Janner's alleged victims could sue him for £2.5m after the CPS dropped a prosecution against him for the fourth time. One man, allegedly attacked by Janner when he was living in a children's homes between 1981 and 1988, has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council for damages. His solicitor Peter Garsden said that after a string of bungled investigations suing'may be the only way the alleged victims are going to get some sort of justice'.
Qantas warned they could lose eight Heathrow landing strips after repeatedly arriving late. The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £20,000 fine, that's more than AU$38,000, for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac.
Bryan Morseman started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14. He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to New York. A week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach.
TonyTony Blair was branded 'out of touch' last night after claiming that he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich'. The former prime minister also suggested he has left British politics behind, declaring that he has 'done British' and is now more interested in working at a 'global level'. Claiming the money he generates pays for the 'infrastructure' around him, Mr Blair said: 'I could not do what I do unless I was also able to generate income'.
Cairns man arrested for using medical cannabis on his two-year-old daughter. After hearing positive stories about the benefits of using cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. Despite his claims that it improved her condition, the father, who cannot be named for legal reasons but has been nicknamed 'Fearless Father', was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his sick daughter. Now he has spoken out in the hope that he can persuade the government to rethink their cannabis laws and drop the charges against him.
SketchShe mime to Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody to go viral. Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27, are quickly capitalising on their success, booking appearances on The Ellen show and Good Morning America this week. SketchShe: Model trio mime along to Queen song 'Bohemian Carsody' goes viral as they make appearances on chat shows. The trio were interviewed by Ellen De Generes on Tuesday, and revealed that the moment fulfilled a lifelong dream.
President Barack Obama and his wife, Michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year, according to tax returns released Friday by the White House. Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent.
Dad searches for 13-year-old daughter who hasn't been seen since last Thursday. Melissa Borg left her Baulkham Hills home in north-west Sydney at 7:30am on Thursday in her school uniform and made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills. However, the Year 9 student never made it to class and after her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work, he reported his daughter missing to police. Scroll down for video Melissa Borg (pictured) is described by police as being 150cm with a slim build, long brown hair and brown eyes and was
Romanian life coach dubbed 'The Romanian Kim Kardashian'. Alexandra Harra, 28, who now lives in Miami, has a BA degree in creative writing and classics. But when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the Romanian Playboy, she suddenly found it wasn't her university education that people were interested in.
Sarcasm is often described as the lowest form of wit, but it seems you need the right kind of wits in the first place to be able to recognise it. Neuroscientists have identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic. They found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures - are unable to detect sarcasm.
Marine Le Pen and Jean-Marie Le Pen's bitter family feud erupts. A bitter family row has erupted between National Front leader Marine. Le Pen has blocked her father's return to the party following accusations that he was trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the. political mainstream with a recent raft of controversial comments. Tensions had escalated last week after the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'.
University Challenge winner Ted Loveday admits he had help from Wikipedia and YouTube. A student has become an online sensation after powering his Cambridge college to glory in the final of University Challenge. He managed to answer 10 starter questions in the last round of the BBC quiz show, helping Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge defeat Magdalen College, Oxford. Viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess.
Make-up is getting personalised to meet your needs. In this day and age, everything is personalised - from alarm clocks that measure your perfect amount of sleep to fashion brands that use social media to connect with each individual customer. So it was only a matter of time before the make-up industry jumped on the bandwagon. Eyeko London is just one brand taking advantage of the trend.
Designer Eason Chow creates dissolvable coffee pods that dissolve in water. An inventor has solved the problem of the millions of coffee capsules that are thrown away each year after use - with sugar-coated pods. The soaring popularity of home coffee machines has led to a increasing amount of waste generated by caffeine lovers. Now, designer Eason chow believes his innovative new product could be the solution.
Ricky Gervais posts picture of Extreme Huntress winner lying next to dead giraffe. The comedian was outraged when he came across the picture of American grandmother-of-nine Rebecca Francis.
Ventura County prosecutors drop murder charges against Olympic medalist's wife. The move is an apparent attempt to delay the trial of 57-year-old Jane Laut in the 2009 killing of Dave Laut, the Ventura County Star reports. It came after a judge denied for the third time a request to delay trial.
White House Speaker John Boehner (left) and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (right) shake hands after the committee unanimously passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 The White House, sensing a legislative defeat was nigh, today said President Barack Obama would be willing to meet Congress half way and sign legislation codifying its role in processing a nuclear deal with Iran if a Senate committee axed key portions of the bill during a formal review this afternoon.
British Airways suffers three plane diversions in just over 24 hours. An Airbus A321 from Baku, Azerbaijan to London was forced to return back to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9.20pm local time departure on Friday evening.
Candice-Marie Fox to release medical records after critics question'magic diet' claims. Candice Marie-Fox (pictured) claims to have cured her cancer with a nutritional program involving the heavy consumption of pineapples. She is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details.
Cressida Bonas unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador. The 26-year-old poses in an old courthouse in Clerkenwell, London, wearing pieces from the Somerset-based brand's spring/summer 2015 collection. The fledgling actress and dancer shows off her modelling skills in new imagery released by the British fashion giant.
Tree dedicated to Michael Brown's memory destroyed by vandals just hours after being planted. The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last August. It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association.
We spent £400 on a 1940s loo - it took us four months to find one!. Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years.
Millie-Belle Diamond, 14 months old, is the world's most famous baby under two. She’s got the designer threads, a sparkling mini Mercedes car and a staggering 115,000 Instagram followers and she's not even two-years-old. She's got the Louis Vuitton and Chanel purses and pint-sized Burberry jackets.
Andrea Catherwood's guide to Barcelona. There's something about a city on a beach. Not a river, but on a proper sandy holiday beach. Just knowing that for half the year you can take a dip in the Med after work.
Pit bull kisses baby boy. It seems most people can't wait to shower babies with affection - pets included! Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses.
Discovery Communications CEO David Zaslav paid $156.1m last year. In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing from Friday, it was revealed that Discovery Communications CEO David Zaslav was compensated an unbelievable $156. Discovery Communications has also done well thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cupboards at home. But when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing.
Nikki Kelly believed she was suffering from period cramps - before giving birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor. Miss Kelly, from Bridport, Dorset, had no idea she was expecting, and had even kept her size eight figure throughout the pregnancy.
Hurricane Sandy survivors win $250,000 in lottery. Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when the storms hit Staten Island, New York, in October 2012 - but now says because of Hurricane Sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together. The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner Dennis Krauss, whose home in Brooklyn was also destroyed.
Coast Guard Cutter Boutwell arrives in San Diego with more than 14 tons of cocaine. A Coast Guard cutter arrived Thursday with a huge load of cocaine, part of what authorities have described as a surge of seizures near Central and South America. The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central America. It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter.
Man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing Candy Crush on his phone for weeks. The 29-year-old, who lived in California, had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs. He tore the tendon, an injury which is normally quite painful.
Meat grinder found at home of man arrested in connection with woman's disappearance. An industrial meat grinder has been found at the home of a man arrested in connection with the disappearance of his female lodger, as police investigate the disappearance of four other people. Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing after her brother could not contact her at the house in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon. He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was killed by police last year.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9. The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism'.
Mysterious sinkhole spewing fire and incredible heat has appeared in a Chinese hillside. Geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of Urumqi, in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in north-western China, since it appeared a few weeks ago. The hole appeared recently after locals noticed the ground nearby getting warmer.
Police are hunting a thief who stole an 86-year old woman's handbag while she prayed at church on Good Friday. The man posed as a member of the congregation of St James' church in the Gorton area of Manchester to carry out the crime.
Scotland's new drink-drive law is 'the last nail in the coffin for independent operators'. Under the new Scottish drink drive law, enacted on December 5, the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg. And the effect of the drop in sales is so severe, it is being blamed for a poor result in the country's latest Bank of Scotland PMI report.
A travellers are looking to escape this year's cold in exchange for a European summer. Recent data released by KAYAK.com.au has revealed that most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe.
Thieves murdered pensioner and dumped his body in abandoned mine then made it look like a cycling accident. Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern allegedly beat David Alderson and left him to drown, before using his keys to steal £40,000 from a safe where he also kept a haul of guns. Police originally thought that the 72-year-old victim - a keen cyclist - had died as a result of falling from his bike because he was dressed in lycra at the time.
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world, the annual poll by luxury magazine Elite Traveler revealed. The eatery, which is Chicago’s only three-Michelin-starred restaurant, features taffy balloons, edible tablecloths and cinnamon bark chopsticks. The top 10 featured four American restaurants which are all in New York.
Jordan Spieth's letter of thanks to Jesuit High School in Dallas. America celebrated the coming of age of a new sporting hero on Sunday when Spieth, 21, showed true grace under pressure to win The Masters. As people clamor to find out about this humble champ from Texas, a letter penned six years ago when he was still in high school has surfaced which only reinforces his nice guy image.
Germanwings crash victim's girlfriend says she did NOT blame co-pilot. Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked the Germanwings flight's captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside, killing all 150 people on board. But girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz.
David Cameron to announce massive extension of Margaret Thatcher’s landmark right-to-buy housing policy. The Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home. The subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant.
Bride-to-be Stephanie Scott'so in love' with fiance she could not possibly have cold feet. Stephanie Scott, an English and drama teacher, was last seen at her workplace Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. At 12.59pm on Sunday afternoon she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding.
Kenya bombs two Al-Shabaab camps in Somalia in first major military response to attack on Garissa University. Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday. Cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll.
Hero doctor puts his own life on the line to rescue nurse from knife-wielding patient. Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun knew exactly what he had to do when he walked in on nurse Long Yufang being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man. The People's Daily Online reported he immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing Long to go free.
Georgia police chief indicted on reckless conduct charge. Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home. The shooting left Margaret paralyzed below the waist.
Skincare mistakes that could lead to your skin ageing faster. The average woman will spend an eye-watering £18,000 on products for her face in her lifetime, but may be throwing those hard earned pennies down the drain by applying them incorrectly. FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make and share their vital tips for ensuring you're getting the most from your skincare regime.
Google Images: 'CEO Barbie' is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men. Scroll down and you'll eventually find your first female face: none other than Barbie, a doll which first appeared in the Eighties, dressed in a miniskirt and clutching a briefcase. The image of Barbie, which ironically comes from a 2005 spoof article courtesy of The Onion that jokingly states 'women don't run companies'.
Nando's manager Curt Almond spends £2,000 on new boxers every day. Curt, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new Calvin Klein boxers so that he could slip into a new 'crisp pair' every day of the week. But after wiping out most of his savings, Mr Almond realised that it was 'bankruptcy or boxers' - and that he needed to wean himself off his addiction. He has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over.
Prisoner who helped stab a man in a random attack has been posting photographs of himself posing in his cell on Facebook - just a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail. Royston Coates, who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding, boasted about watching TV from prison and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures.
New vaccine could offer a cure for HIV. The 'kick and kill' strategy aims to eradicate the virus, by stimulating the immune system - the body's natural defence mechanism - with a vaccine. Researchers believe the injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick'.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her Cape Town home by her grandson who reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door. Reports in South Africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her - although police have yet to confirm this.
Ed Miliband accused of 'offensive' behaviour after banning journalists from Gurdwara. Ed Miliband was accused of ‘offensive’ behaviour 'touching on racism’ by a Sikh community leader yesterday after banning journalists from a place of worship. Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the Labour leader, who had donned a red head-covering to comply with Sikh customs.
Finland only did so well before because of the influence of traditional teacher-led methods. But it has slipped down international rankings tables as the new liberal techniques became more widespread.
Father who was caught on camera allegedly punching his three-year-old boy son in the face at a supermarket has launched a bizarre rant online, insisting the incident is a'misunderstanding'. Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000.
ISIS beheads man accused of practising sorcery. Harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media and show the victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back. One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi who goes by the nom de guerre Abu Bakr al-Britani.
Man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a McDonald's restaurant. Most people expect stunning views from the Empire State Building or the sound of waves meeting golden sands when their partner pops the question. One lucky woman will forever associate one of the happiest days of her life with burgers and fries.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Irish honeymoon hotel named the grandest hotel in Ireland. It seemed a somewhat unusual honeymoon destination for Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. But the couple insist they fell in love with the 'calm' of Ireland on a previous visit and just had to return. Of course, they did it in style, staying at the 18th-century Ballyfin, at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains.
David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg share awkward moments with kids. In the final weeks before the general election, party leaders are pulling out all the stops to attract voters - but not everyone is impressed. On Wednesday, a six-year-old Boulton schoolgirl made headlines when she was seen plopping her head down on her book in apparent boredom as David Cameron tried to read with her. And the Prime Minister isn't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe.
Female solo-dwellers are more successful than their male counterparts. There is often a negative stigma attached with being a female who chooses to live alone, especially in Sydney's affluent Eastern suburbs. 39-year-old Julie Sweet has lived alone for five years and has never been happier.
Riddick Bowe offers to 'tweet anything' for $20. He was once the double heavyweight champion, with a career that allowed him to retire from the ring with a rumoured fortune of $15million. Now Riddik Bowe has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for insurance firms for anyone who pays him $20.
Kitson tycoon Fraser Ross accused of swearing at staff at LAX store. The tycoon behind exclusive fashion brand Kitson has been caught up in a $1million legal wrangle after being accused of swearing at staff in a Los Angeles store. Fraser Ross, who founded the company, is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company running the Kitson branch in Los Angeles Airport (LAX) to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, of Banff, Aberdeenshire, engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker Dionne Clark and her husband Shaun in July 2013. She even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself.
Martina Riccioni and her best friend Antoinettia Caffero, 21, were involved in a horrific head-on collision when the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic as they drove home from Margaret River on April 6 - Easter Monday Martina's devastated family in Italy cannot afford to bring her home so have turned to crowdfunding out of desperation, hoping for the kindness of strangers. They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body.
Ohio man accused of sexually assaulting three girls pleads not guilty. Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. He remains jailed with no bond.
Oldham pensioner blinded in one eye after being hit in the face with a brick hurled into his home by vandalising yobs. Former soldier John Young, 66, and his new wife Elaine, 54, were sat in the front room of their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester, when thugs began pelting his front window with stones. He was targeted when he went to confront them.
Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday in yet another apparent attempt to test Britain’s defences. A destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships.
Cyclist killed in rush-hour accident with a lorry in central London. Witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under the lorry following the accident close to Lambeth Bridge near the Houses of Parliament at about 9.30am. Today's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries - prompting cycle campaigners to organise a 'vigil and die-in'.
Back In Time For Dinner: Eating insects could become a part of our diet as the cost of meat production rises. The consumption of locusts, crickets, worms and grubs could become very much a part our diet. In tonight's final episode, the Robshaws – Brandon, 53, Rochelle, 52, and their children Miranda, 17, Rosalind, 15 and Fred – who have travelled from the 1950s to the end of the millennium are served the food of the future. The family also attempt burgers made with a mixture of insect and beef protein.
Killer Cop Michael Slager is not eligible for South Carolina's death penalty even if he is convicted of murder, according to local prosecutors. The North Charleston police officer can't be executed for shooting Walter Scott in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty.
Petition launched to stop 11-year-old boy being deported to Bangladesh weeks after his little brother dies of cancer. Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle after the Home Office turned down their bid to remain in the UK. Now 3,500 people have signed a petition to allow the schoolboy to stay in Britain.
Black Book of Carmarthen full of ghosts. Stunned researchers have found one of the UK's most important manuscripts is full of ghost. Dating from 1250, The Black Book is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh, and contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin.
Police in Manchester have now issued a warning to parents over the game, known as'sleeper', which officers say is potentially fatal. The child's details have not been release but a Greater Manchester Police spokesman said the child is believed to have had underlying health problems and is expected to make a full recovery.
London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house, where they were subject to terrifying pranks. Installed with secret cameras, microphones and booby traps, the unsuspecting estate agents are subject to cruel, but hilarious, pranks - which prompt hysterical reactions.
Shocking footage has been released by police of a brawl involving more than 70 teenagers, after a 'Facebook' party in Brisbane's south spiraled out of control on Tuesday night. The violent conflict was captured by Queensland Police helicopter, and shows the a small scuffle escalate into an all-in fight as more teenagers, who had gathered at the Serbian Community Centre in Willawong, join in the fray. Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight.
Shelly Sterling has spoken out about her legal victory over her husband's alleged mistress V. Stiviano, saying she took the much-younger woman to court 'for justice'. The billionaire wife of former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stiviana, 32, must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts.
A cafe in the Philippines is serving up artistic cups of coffee for customers who enjoy their beverages tailor made. The owner of the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no extra cost to his clientele, even detailing local favourite, boxer Manny Pacquiao. Graphic artist Zach Yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces which can leave happy memories for tourists.
Scientists from the University of Wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all. The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue.
Gang members show off their tattoos after raids across the country. Images released following the raids show tables covered in confiscated guns and defendants showing off their gang tattoos. The greatest activity took place in the San Juan, Dallas, El Paso, Los Angeles and Detroit.
Bentleys and Porsches more likely to break down than cheaper cars, according to survey. The two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability. Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on their failure rate, age, mileage and cost of repairs. The most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota in third place while Chevrolet and Mazda were joint fourth.
Teen Jackson Byrnes, 18, has flown from Lismore in northern New South Wales to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo, the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed. Three weeks ago the 18-year-old was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, pleads not guilty to trying to kidnap 7-year-old girl from elementary school. The troubled son of an influential San Diego businessman appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty. Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents.
Coronation Street star Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon take a selfie in New York. The couple, who met as partners on Dancing on Ice, enjoyed a Bateaux New York Cruise of the Hudson..
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, who had served as his own lawyer before being convicted of murder, accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters. He said Monday in Montgomery County Court if his appeal keeps going the same way he would rather be executed immediately. Judge Steven O'Neill called that 'a little dramatic.'
Three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a lake in Melbourne are laid to rest. Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were buried in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning. Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on April 8.
Tiger Temple in Thailand forced to shut due to lack of permits. From now on there will be a lot less facebook photos with people cuddling up to tigers on their Thailand holidays. Wat Pa Luangta Bua Yanasampanno has been told that their 147 tigers must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday or they will be seized.
Dave Dave Roberts, who is in the running to become the mayor of Middlesbrough, followed in his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister's footsteps by leaping off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees. However, instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago - Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity.
Ian Harris, 51, from Brighton, East Sussex, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster whose followers, known as Pastafarians, regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment. He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo, which he says is equivalent to Muslim women being pictured in hijabs. Mr Harris, who plays banjo in The Iron Boot Scrapers, vows to fight his corner until he runs out of appeals when he will be forced to send a photo of him without the colander.
iOS apps vulnerable to AFNetworking security flaw. If you're an iPhone or iPad owner, your encrypted passwords, bank details and other private details may be at risk from hackers. This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster and the flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers.
Giuliana Rancic reveals Jerry O'Connell flirted with and felt up Rebecca Romijn at party. She recently revealed her then boyfriend Jerry O’Connell 'flirted with and felt up' Rebecca Romijn at a party over a decade ago. And photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before Giuliana became a woman scorned. The television personality - with the maiden name DePandi at the time - cuddled up to the Stand By Me actor on the red carpet at the Maxim Magazine Hot 100 party in Las Vegas back in June 2004.
The Curious Canine Kitchen is the first of its kind in Britain to serve high-end, freshly prepared, organic canine cuisine and will pop up in Shoreditch, London, on Saturday 11 and Sunday 12 April. For £20 a dog, foodie Fidos will be treated to the five-course The Nature Way Tasting Menu for dogs which includes dishes such as textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree, crispy paddywack (the chewy dog treat) with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream, and coconut, and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa. Each dish will be served alongside refreshments such as alk
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, reports CBS New York, shutting down three train lines in both directions. The break occurred in the West Village before 7pm while the evening rush was still going strong. Video footage shows water flooding onto the subway tracks as stranded straphangers look on.
Fredric Brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself, revealed the police report into the tragic passing of the celebrity plastic surgeon. The plastic surgeon was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, which Richmond's wife Tina Fey, right with Martin Short, created and for which Richmond has producing credits. Brandt worked with stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer.
Ex-Medellin Cartel member Carlos Toro faces deportation after 27 years working for DEA. Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia fearing for his life. Toro came to the United States and eventually began working for the DEA after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates.
Suicidal Air Force veteran put on hold repeatedly by VA helpline for 10 minutes. Ted Koran, 59, from Florida, phoned the Veterans Suicide Hotline but all he got was a recorded message. He said he was on hold three times for ten minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife had looked after together. 'My wife and I saved them, and they saved me,' Ted Koran said.
Rebecca Adlington reveals pregnancy has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far. With seven gold medals, two Olympic Games, an OBE and a stint in the I'm A Celebrity! Get Me Out Of Here jungle under her belt, there's not much that phases former Olympic swimming champion Rebecca Adlington. But at eight months pregnant with her first child, the 26-year-old has revealed being an expectant mum has been her toughest role so far. In an interview in the Sunday Mirror, the gold medal winning athlete says the extra pounds she gained in the early stages of her pregnancy were hard
Backpackers to be allowed to camp right on the beach. Whilst overseas backpackers visiting Sydney beaches are often told to go back to where they came from, Sutherland Council is instead exploring the idea of allowing them to camp right on the beach. According to the Sydney Morning Herald, the council have voted to explore the possibility of allowing campervans to park at allocated locations with 'high tourist appeal,' in order to deter travellers from bypassing our most beautiful beaches. Among these locations are Cronulla beach and Wanda beach, both in southern Sydney, as it was found that due to a shortage of
Grandmother hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her tiny bungalow - which police said was like a 'warehouse'. Officers raiding Christine Carriage’s one-bedroom home found that 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on. But this week the 67-year-old walked free from court. A total of 1,337 items of clothing, shoes and handbags were seized by police from the home in Bowthorpe, Norwich, on November 4, 2013.
Farhina Touseef, mother-of-three, is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous Taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents. The Taliban, a Islamic fundamentalist political movement which was toppled from power after the US-led invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, is famed for its hard-line policies and brutality against women. It is opposed to music, television and education for girls over the age of ten, among other things - the polio vaccine included.
New Jersey police release sketch of infant whose headless remains were found in trash heap. On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey. Now, more than five months later, authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence.
Father-of-one left with swollen and painful penis after injecting himself with petroleum jelly in the hope it would make his manhood bigger. Hungarian born Szilveszter, 24, feared he would never be able to have more children after the DIY procedure left him unable to have sex. He said: 'Every day is difficult for me as it's very painful and bleeding.
Tor Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo when the huge school of Trevally fish began circling above her. Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera.
Best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities. Known for their high-end boutiques, wallet-stretching gastronomical delights, and luxurious hotel offerings, it may seem like an impossible dream to visit these stunning destinations - without breaking the bank. However, with the help of last-minute booking sites and a little bit of insider knowledge, it turns out that there are plenty of ways to experience these stunning cities on a budget.
Sean Crawford, from Carterton, New Zealand, said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on. He chose a running rabbit, a standing rabbit and a small bird enclosed in a metal cage for the Australian exhibition called 'untitled'.
Storm chaser claims 'looping lightning' is a trick of perspective. A bolt of lightning has been spotted soaring from the top of a cloud before looping back on itself and striking the ground in Australia. The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looped lightning'. Upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1% of lightning travels in an 'upwards' direction.
Jury begins deliberations in Etan Patz murder trial. Jurors have started deliberations in the case against a man accused of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz, whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement. He had never been considered a suspect - his name appears only once in law enforcement paperwork at the time Etan disappeared.
Tim McGraw is facing a backlash from country music fans who say that his decision to headline a concert for a gun control charity could end his career. The Louisiana-raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a Hartford, Connecticut show on July 17 for the Sandy Hook Promise group, which organized in response to the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in late 2012.
Baby girl given hypothermia to keep her alive after brain condition. Caitlin Kellie-Jones suffered from Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy (HIE), a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood. To control the condition Caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth.
Royal Navy sailors charged with gang rape of 21-year-old woman. Joshua Finbow, 23, a submarine engineer, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later. They were led into Dartmouth Provincial court on Friday partially masking their faces under their hoodies.
Young Young boy holds a toilet funeral for his pet goldfish. Brooke Geherman posted a video of her young son, Kowen, sending off his beloved pet the right way: by flushing it down the toilet.
Men and women have starkly different priorities when it comes to single life. They say men are from Mars and women are from Venus, and this sentiment couldn't be more true, according to latest findings from a new relationship study. But for Aussie blokes, 29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat - surprise, surprise!.
Hadas from Eritrea, Africa, talks about her experience of being circumcised. Hadas (not her real name to protect her identity), who now lives in the UK, had 'the cut' in Eritrea where circumcision for girls is widely practiced, when she was just a few months old. She said: 'In my culture, it is believed that when the vagina is cut, the desire to have sex is cut as well and that sex is only something a woman does with her husband to have children.'
Shocking surveillance footage shows mob using a hammer, a rocking chair leg and Mace as they beat a homeless man into a coma during a suspected act of revenge. The video taken in the forecourt of the Sunoco gas station on North 5th Street in Philadelphia shows five people, including two children, storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old. The youngster accused the man of jockeying with him while asking to fill motorist's tanks for spare change.
David Lammy admits Labour would look to 'forge a common alliance' with the SNP to ensure Ed Miliband becomes PM. The admission comes amid increasingly stark warnings from the Tories that the SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom' if it holds the balance of power in Parliament next month. Polls suggest Nicola Sturgeon's party are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7.
Freighters trapped in ice on Great Lakes. The biggest ice cover on North America’s Great Lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the ice, unable to move. Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse.
Iran Iran has sent two warships to the waters off Yemen while the US has accelerated moves to supply weapons to the Saudi coalition as foreign powers get drawn deeper into the conflict. The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today with military bosses claiming the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy.
Man drives at 80 miles an hour in police car chase through Birmingham. Yassir Ali, 29, of no-fixed-abode, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham at 3.45pm on February 22 after officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen. The camera footage shows the car pull over to the side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat. After a few seconds, the squad car forces its way past the man and follows the BMW.
Anne of Green Gables actor Jonathan Crombie dies of brain hemorrhage aged 48. The actor is best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels. Toronto-born Crombie died on Wednesday in New York, his sister Carrie Crombie told CBC on Saturday. He was 48 ears old.
Boy, 11, gets stuck in knee-deep mud on Burnham-on-Sea beach and has to be rescued by hovercraft. This is the moment an 11-year-old boy became stuck on Brean Beach in Burnham on the Isle of Wight. The child was on holiday with his family from Manchester when he walked across the mudflats on Wednesday. Seemingly unaware of the low tide he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft. He was unhurt in the incident, and was seen leaving the beach smiling.
Tam Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors in November last year over sale of the home in Bayswater, West London. Tamara, from Croydon, South London, could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law Monika Brzezinska, 34, along with her on the visits to help her translate.
Robert Kennedy Jr has apologized for describing the number of children injured by vaccines as 'a holocaust'. The nephew of President John F Kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations.
New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera. The woman, who is not being named, watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment, getting out with the goods in just minutes. Unfortunately for the thief, the entire thing was caught on camera. The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police.
Gold trinket box presented to Lord Uxbridge for losing his leg at the Battle of Waterloo sells for £100,000. The 18-carat gold Irish Freedom Box was given to the aristocrat, who was by then Marquess of Anglesey, in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin when he served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. It was presented to him five days after the battle.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, said that she stands by her statement, and that she does not hate gay people. She then responded to the now staggering $850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying; 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him.'
Drug Enforcement Agency began secretly tracking phone calls long before 9/11 or the Patriot Act. An explosive new report reveals that the United States began secretly spying on Americans long before the events of 9/9/11. In 1992, the DEA program, whose vastness was not known until now, monitored every telephone call made from the US to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking, including almost every country in both North and South America.
Baby sitter convicted of killing 14-month-old boy by snapping his neck after shaking him. Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claimed she was trying to burp Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce in August 2012. But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy.
Harvey Weinstein and Georgina Chapman back to normal after groping scandal. Exactly two weeks after Harvey Weinsten was accused of groping an Italian model during a business meeting, things seem to be returning to normal for the Oscar winner and his designer wife. The Oscar winner was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside the couple's New York City townhouse on Thursday while wife Georgina has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her much beloved fashion brand Marchesa.
Jourdan Dunn reveals she was bullied at school for her striking looks. The London-born beauty is the new face of Maybelline New York, she was British Vogue's February 2015 cover star, and also the first black model to walk for Prada in a decade. But the 24-year-old has now revealed that as a teenager her life was made a misery by cruel bullies.
Mario Balotelli receives the most abuse and Chelsea the greatest volume of discriminatory messages on social media, according to extensive research undertaken by Kick It Out. Football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with Tempero and Brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online.
Body found in Mississippi River identified as missing Minnesota fourth-grader Barway Edwin Collins. Authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center. Barway, who was a student at Evergreen Park World Cultures Community School, was last seen after school last month.
Inside Abbey Road, a new web app that takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the inner workings of Abbey Road. It has the most famous zebra crossing in the world outside it, and has hosted every major name in music in the last 80 years.
Alison Saunders was a barrister in the same chambers as the son of Lord Janner, it has emerged. The Crown Prosecution Service confirmed that the Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore (pictured) over whether to prosecute the Labour peer. Alison Saunders made the decision not to prosecute on her own, and that Mr Moore told her he had been in chambers with Daniel Janner's son before discussing the case. He said Mr Moore had acted properly at all times In a further blow to Mrs Saunders, senior Conservative politican David Davis last night labelled her 'the worst DPP in modern times'.
David Rylance jailed for stealing £50,000 from dying mother's bank account. When pensioner Margaret (pictured), from South Shields, realised her money appeared to be going missing from her bank account, her concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer's disease. But in reality her son David (pictured) had been slowly siphoning the money away, spending it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs. A £13,000 fee to move his mother into a care home in January 2013 had to be paid by the council because her bank balance had been diminished by her son's spending.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping. He's jailed in Van Buren County, Michigan, pending extradition proceedings. A passer-by found the girl Tuesday evening along a roadside near the forest preserve in Prospect Heights.
Dedicated waitress Judy Eddingfield celebrates her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City. For most of her life, she's been employed as a server at the same restaurant she's worked at for half-a-century. Now she's celebrating her golden anniversary.
£51m mansion in Chelsea, west London, is one of the UK's most expensive homes. The sprawling house, built on the site of an old telephone exchange, has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales. But the stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the salary of 330 nurses.
Nick Clegg's wife Miriam says he deserves another chance at being in power after suffering the wrath of voters since becoming Deputy PM in 2010. The Lib Dem leader's wife said the party's MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May after putting the country above their party for five years 'at great personal cost'. She hit the campaign trail on her own today, as Mr Clegg said she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the party. Miriam, who uses her maiden name Gonzalez Durantez, today appeared alongside Lib Dem Home Office Minister Lynne Featherstone, who is battling to
Teenager who shot and killed teacher in Barcelona had a 'hit list'. The 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week, but none had taken him seriously. The teenager reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15am this morning, killing a male teacher and injuring two students and two teachers.
Greenpeace activists scale the Polar Pioneer drill rig in the Pacific Ocean to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to oil drilling. The activists used ropes and climbing equipment to scale the 38,000-tonne platform.
Secret Service agents will take a bullet for the President of the United States, but apparently they won't swim for him. When the public commissions with jurisdiction over the White House heard proposals for beefing up the presidential mansion's perimiter, they were told that the government wouldn't be digging a moat around the building. That idea, it turns out, was actually under consideration. But NBC-TV4 in Washington reported that 'there was concern expressed about having to retrieve people from it.'
Common Common dolphins were once a rare sight in the Hebrides, preferring warmer waters found further south, leading experts to believe that global warming has led to pods moving north. The dolphins come to the area in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks, travelling in large groups and sometimes forming ‘super-pods’ of thousands of individuals.
Hilarious note left by chip shop owner for his customers when he went on holiday with his wife has gone viral. In the note, which was in the window of an undisclosed chippy in London, the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family. In black pen he writes: 'This shop will be closed for 1 week. Re-open on Mon 16th March.'
Passive smoking affects plants too, which can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke. The finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas around the Falklands Islands for oil 'illegitimate' and says it will mount a legal challenge - but has ruled out another conflict Daniel Filmus, Argentina's secretary of state for the islands, told an event in London that Britain's decision to increase military spending in the South Atlantic was 'gunboat diplomacy' Mr Filmus said military conflict 'belongs to the past' and claimed: 'The United Kingdom can count on Argentina as an ally.'
Colorado, Washington lawmakers consider limits on home hash production. Alarmed by a rash of explosions and injuries caused when amateurs make hash oil, lawmakers in Colorado and Washington are considering spelling out what's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home. The proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil.
Hattie Gladwell is just 19 but the teenager has already undergone a terrifying operation which left her with an ostomy bag, which she'll have to wear for the rest of her life. Now the pretty redhead from West Sussex has shared her story with the world in a bid to rid the stigma around those living with a stoma (a surgically created opening in the abdomen).
Rare albino dolphin that can change colour from white to pink when it's feeling emotional. The rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan, where it draws vast and fascinated crowds. While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white– apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when feeling angry, sad or even embarrassed. Its quirky colouration meant the fishermen would get more money selling it to an aquarium than as meat.
Charli Stewart, 8, makes $127,000 a month from her YouTube channel. The mini-Martha Stewart, who is known simply as Charli, has turned her popular channel, CharlisCraftyKitchen into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years - beating household names such as celebrity chef Jamie Oliver to claim the prestigious – and lucrative – title. According to data compiled by online video advertising company Outrigger Media, Charli's channel earned the young entrepreneur an estimated $127,777 (AUD $163,893) in March alone.
GermanLubitz, 27, crashed the Airbus A320 passenger jet into the Alps changing the aircraft's altitude to just 100 feet using the autopilot, sending it on collision course with the Alps. German prosecutors believe that Lubitz may have added a chemical to Captain Patrick Sodenheimer's coffee to remove him from the flight deck.
Man accused of pushing his three-year-old son to his death by pushing his mother down a lift shaft. Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an empty elevator shaft in her apartment block in Ningbo City in China. Her neighbour and property manager Yang Shao told police she had been pushed by her toddler son.
Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians. She discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago.
Pamela Anderson joins forces with Joe Arpaio to serve vegetarian meals to inmates at Maricopa County jail. The former Baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as she joined the controversial Arizona sheriff to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet. Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year.
Discovered in 1974, the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia. Now, a new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the bones may, in fact, belong to a baboon.
Nasa has revealed its vision - and its a lot more fun. Called the Modular Robotic Vehicle, or MRV, it was developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center.
Thousands of blue jellyfish-like creatures wash up on Oregon beaches. The small creatures are easily blown to the shores of Oregon, California and Washington during strong winds this time of year thanks to a blue sail on the tops of their bodies. They are covering beaches including Seaside, Manzanita, Astoria and Rockaway Beach.
Janet Brown was found naked, gagged with packing tape with her arms cuffed behind her back at the foot of the stairs of her family home in Radnage, near Chinnor in Buckinghamshire. Mrs Brown's two daughters Roxanne, 38, and Zara, 43, described their hother as a 'kind and loving nurse' claiming the horror of the crime'stays with us every day'.
U.S. Navy to use roof mounted laser to shoot down enemy UAVs. The GBAD system is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the Humvee and Joint Light Tactical Vehicle. The navy hopes the system will provide an affordable alternative to traditional firepower to keep enemy unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) from tracking and targeting Marines on the ground.
Math Maths is a subject you either understand and enjoy or struggle through feeling rather bored. But a maths teacher from Biola University in La Mirada, California, may have just created the most interesting lesson ever. Matthew Weathers, who often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel, put in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room.
A Starter Marriage, in which couples sign a renewable contract - known as a 'wedlease'- would work better for many couples, argues Susan Pease Gadoua. She claims that the traditional marriage model in our modern-day culture'sets up too many people for failure'. Marriage is not about just marrying anyone for the sake of being married, and it doesn't mean that you should marry in the hope of it ending by a certain time – 'you're just not going to vow 'until death do us part'.
Justin Bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the Coachella music festival over the weekend. The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California.
Cadbury's Freddo Frogs shrink to 12g. Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Frogs by 20 per cent but keeping the recommend retail price the same. The miniature chocolate amphibians, which weighed a plump 20g two years ago - before they dropped to 15g, will now weigh just 12g.
Miley Cyrus' armpit hair causes a stir on social media. Savvy social media users noticed that the 22-year-old, who attended the 30th Annual Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday in Cleveland, Ohio, had given her razor a night off. Miley, 22, displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap.
Teenager accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial, a prosecutor said. Defense attorney John Waldron had filed a petition to have 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent the day after the body of 54-year -old Cheryl was discovered last month.
U.S. antitrust officials nearing recommendation to block Comcast's $45.2 billion merger with Time Warner Cable. Citing people familiar with the matter, Bloomberg reports that attorneys investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers and they may submit their review against the merger as early as next week. The proposed collaboration of the two cable television companies, which have both suffered drops in shares recently, drew criticism from Comcast competitors and groups that oppose media consolidation.
National Rifle Association condemns Obama and Clinton as 'elitists' at annual convention. In the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people, CEO Wayne LaPierre celebrated the Republican majority in the U.S. Senate as evidence of the group's political clout. But he urged members to stand up against looming gun-control efforts.
Sasha, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she, sister Malia and their parents ditched the White House - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday. She may be a First Daughter, but Sarah Obama is still a teenager and can't seem to tear herself away from her music - even for a rare family nature hike.
Worcestershire hospital A&E doctor sent in to treat patients in corridor. A doctor usually deployed to major disaster zones was sent to help staff at a hospital's under-pressure emergency department, it has emerged. The medical incident officer joined the team caring for patients in the corridor last Friday.
Controversial bookmakers Paddy Power have provoked outrage with a 'joke' about the African-American police beatings. In a tweet published ahead of Liverpool's clash against Newcastle tonight, the bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue.
Children who experience stressful events such as a death or illness in the family, divorce or separation, could be three times more likely to develop type 1 diabetes. Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition.
New York City's Landmarks Law turns 50. Photos marking the 50th anniversary of the law look at the devastating architectural losses that led up to the law and how it has helped preserve beautiful old buildings as new construction sprouts up around them. Saving Place, which opens Tuesday at the Museum of the City of New York, highlights what is widely seen as a watershed moment in the city's preservation movement.
Ann Ann Malsbury, 22, of Coventry, West Midlands, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage. The chef’s ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in the city to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship, Warwick Crown Court was told.
Colorado. A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning, setting off a series of explosions and oil fires.
Redhead stock is high at the moment. Freckly-faced carrot tops once mocked for their distinctive hair are flourishing into flame-haired sex symbols as the redhead takes the celebrity world by storm. From Hollywood starlets and musical sex symbols to a certain member of the royal family, according to copper-locked actor Damian Lewis, his hair colour is having a moment on screens both big and small. Whether their rouge colouring is au naturel or straight out of a packet, we're loving the fiery-haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere.
Little Zane Gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas. For months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site. Instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death.
Five sailors who served on the same base over two years have unearthed a shocking culture of ice taking, binge drinking, bullying and depression within the Australian Navy. The sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of HMAS Stirling off the coast of Rockingham, south of Perth.
Teen's romantic prom proposal ends in disaster when his date burst into tears. Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex. The pair had been driving along a route together where, unbeknownst to him, Daniel had erected a series of signs along the road.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in podium girl Liu Siying's face after winning Chinese Grand Prix. The podium girl is the centre of a'sexism storm' after Lewis Hamilton spray champagne in her face. But the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate said she wasn't offended by his stunt - and was just doing her job. Lewis Hamilton has been slammed for spraying champagne in the face of a podium girl after winning the Chinese Formula 1 Grand Prix.
Convicted cocaine dealer Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for Uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs. Burton was taken into custody on Wednesday on one count of sexual assault and if convicted will face a maximum sentence of 20 years. Uber spokeswoman, Debbee Hancock said on Monday that Burton had passed all the firms background checks before they allowed him to work under their name. However, according to Uber's official background check policy they only review sentences passed down up to seven years ago.
Two-year-old girl savaged by Jack Russell at play park. Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out with her father Alex Knight at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley, Lancashire on Sunday afternoon when she was pounced on by the pet, which bit her face. The toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the Jack Russell - which was not on a lead despite signs saying pets should be under control - attacked her and left her with two puncture marks on her face, narrowly missing her eye.
Three-year-old Brazilian boy refuses to eat octopus gnocchi at dinner table. Some vegetarians start young, as this comical video demonstrates. Footage shows three-year old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus nachos at the dinner table. But instead of digging into the seafood feast, he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from.
Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite. It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria.
Does it lead to Narnia? Mexican soldiers uncovered a trapdoor leading to a suspected drugs tunnel hidden inside this wooden wardrobe. The 66ft deep route, which was still under construction and was being built next to the Tijuana checkpoint, was wired with lights and ventilation. Soldiers who entered the passageway had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott skolled a schooner of beer at an Australian Rules function. The Prime Minister appeared happy to oblige when he was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous. 'He drank from head-to-toe the entire thing, dribbling little bits on his shirt,' he said.
Help for Heroes launches fundraising drive to keep World War II veteran Robert Clark in his own home. Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to stay with the 96-year-old former prisoner of war, despite the fact that Mr Clark spent his £50,000 life savings on contributing to his care. Now, the council want to move Mr Clark from the house he has lived in for the past 50 years into a care home because they claim it is cheaper.
Missing schoolgirl Evelin Mezei, 12, found safe and well after being seen on CCTV with unknown man in Stratford, London. A 12-year-old Hungarian national was spotted with the man at around 10.30pm yesterday, an hour after she was last seen by her mother in East London, Scotland Yard said. But the youngster, who came to the UK six months ago, was traced this morning.
Grind Grindr thug Shane Dunn, 25, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, carried out the attack after going back to Ian Garrod's home in Medway for sex. But when the 55-year-old sat on the bed, Dunn - who was said to be 'cool as a cucumber' during the attack - stabbed him in the throat. Dunn, who was high on Class A Mephedrone, then left Mr Garrod in fear of his life, before fleeing from the property with his victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery.
Christian refugees have revealed how they linked arms to form a 'human chain' in a desperate bid to stop Muslim migrants throwing them into the sea after an argument about religion. A group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate'.
Ed Miliband’s ‘happy warrior’ motivational notes. The Labour leader urges himself to ‘stay calm, never agitated’ and ‘relish the chance to show who I am’. His scrawled notes, found in his dressing room after the ITV debate, give an insight into his mindset before the clash.
White supremacist arrested on Florida beach. Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday when he was seen sleeping in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Woman sends anonymous letter to Facebook criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison. Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found the scathing note claiming to be from 'a few of the girls', cruelly criticising the dental hygienist for posting a stream of photos of the beautiful bub on Facebook - sending a strong message to the hateful author. 'We all have kids that we are besotted with... But we don’t ram it down everyone else’s neck!!!’.
Sarah Brady, the wife of a former White House spokesman and a tireless anti-gun violence activist who helped pass major anti-assault weapon legislation, died Friday at the age of 73. Sarah and her husband James crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan in 1981.
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips - they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship. He allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know.
Vinceni girls: 'They are really well, really centred and settled'. The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children. 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, who she described as elegant, gracious, reserved and studious.
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office 'falsified training and firearms records of reserve deputy who shot dead unarmed suspect by mistake. The allegations of corruption published in the Tulsa World come after claims the wealthy CEO 'paid to play cop', which ultimately led to the events of April 2 when he fired his handgun instead of his Taser, killing 44-year-old Eric Harris. Robert Bates, 73, is free on $25,000 bail and is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death of Eric Harris. The Tulsa World claim that the reserve deputy was not properly trained to be an armed deputy, despite Sheriff Stanley Gl
Vinyl vinyl records are revealed to be enjoying a startling revival. Sales are expected to hit two million this year and, in recognition of this trend, the UK’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established.
Convicted murderer who escaped prison by beating guard unconscious captured in Chicago. Kamron Taylor was caught in South Side, Chicago, with a loaded gun on Friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name 'Gertrude' tattooed to his neck. Officers chased Taylor three blocks before he was apprehended.
'I'm chilling in Istanbul,' Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud wrote a high school friend on Facebook. 'Just a vacation.'.
New Zealand hunter shot in the back with a.270 rifle. Max Verschuuren, 21, was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island, on Saturday night when his mate blasted his back open.
Major General James Post III, who was the vice commander of Air Combat Command, was fired on Friday after telling a group of officers that talking to Congress in a bid to block retirement of the A-10 Warthog amounted to 'treason,' the Air Force said. Post made his remarks while fielding questions the airmen. Post issued an apology on Friday and said he did not intend to try to prevent people from talking to lawmakers.
American Apparel debuts 'pro-women' ad campaign featuring female employees. The first print ad, which shows images of various female employees, who are identified by their first names and their start date at the company in small print below their pictures, has the words 'Hello Ladies' emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of Vice.
Brisbane gamer known only as Bonnie Doll starts up her Xbox and goes on a killing spree with followers of her live stream. Originally from Sweden, Bonnie has been living in Australia since 2007.
Disabled pensioner who was beaten by drug addict gets keys to new home. Alan Barnes, who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall, was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear earlier this year after he was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss. The crime shocked Britain.
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan. The case made international headlines and Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity.
BBC.co.uk. The average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in the last three months of 2014, according to official figures.
Embarrassing footage has emerged of a missile launch going spectacularly wrong in Russia. The minute-long clip shows the S300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth.
David. David Letterman stunned his Late Show audience into silence with a joke which has been branded as 'disrespectful to women'..
Sylvia Freedman, who was enjoying a family trip away at Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge. The entire beach, right up tot he top of walkways, was covered in a grotesque yellow foam.
George Foreman grill-wielding student grills bacon in class. Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class - however according to a Buzzfeed Community posting, the senior communications major was actually completing project, in which he had to violate a societal norm. He's the George foreman that started it all!
Transgender woman killed herself after being taunted in the street for being different. Mikki Nicholson, who was a national Scrabble champion, stepped in front of a train, on November 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in Carlisle, Cumbria. The 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle, where she had hoped people would be more accepting.
Doctors have warned against people cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates. This comes as experts in the UK have warned of the long-term effects of completely cutting out one food group.
Transgender teen Chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, was told by DMV officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year. After a legal battle, the state DMV is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos. Agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who don't identify with either gender.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson warn of 'constitutional crisis' after Alex Salmond says he will write Labour's budget. The two most high-profile Conservatives joined forces to question the legitimacy of the SNP's plan to try to put Ed Miliband in Downing Street, even if Labour wins fewer seats at the general election. The London Mayor, deployed to inject more passion into the Tory campaign, claimed it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the M1 to Scotland'.
Prince George's first year - which boosted the economy by £247m - is anything to go by, anything that the second-born touches will turn to gold and copycat designs will bring a welcome boost to the high street. As Kate and William prepare to welcome their second child, there's no doubt that the royal couple's favoured childrenswear brands are hoping to cash in on the arrival. Much like his mother, Prince George used his first royal tour to prove he's quite the trendsetter, with a plethora of stylish outfits. Designers of the clothes the nine-month-old wore over the fortnight reported
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee, whose son Marc was killed in Ramadi on August 2, 2006. The 28-year-old, the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq, was fatally wounded while providing covering fire from a building in the heavily-contested city. He was awarded the Purple Heart and Silver Star for his bravery.
Yeo Valley staff canteen opens its doors to the public for £2. Soft-poached quail egg, confit of tomato and deep fried polenta all prepared by a Michelin-starred chef - you could be forgiven for thinking this is just a meal at another trendy gastro restaurant. But it is in fact one of the dishes on offer at the staff canteen at yoghurt maker Yeo Valley's headquarters, which overlooks the Blagdon countryside in North Somerset.
New York lovers who got the most complaints for loud sex. The 25-year-old boytoy is the lover, of a Dominican woman in her late 30s, who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn. The apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities.
Mered Medhanie and Ermias Ghermay heard mocking migrant boat disasters. Two millionaire people traffickers have been heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships, a problem that causes them to capsize. One of them, an Eritrean called Mered Medhanie, also known as The General, was heard laughing.
Tories will tomorrow inflame the row over a potential Labour-SNP power-sharing deal by unveiling the party’s first ‘manifesto for England’. The Prime Minister and the outgoing Leader of the Commons William Hague will launch the English document, which follows traditional Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish manifestos.
Mila Kunis sued by Ukrainian singer who claims she stole her pet chicken as a child. Kristina Karo alleges that she was a classmate of Ms Kunis, 31, who moved to the U.S. from Ukraine in 1991, and that the pair were 'inseparable' growing up. Karo, now living in Los Angeles, claims a seven-year-old girl had been 'envious' of her pet hen, and 25 years ago, she stole it from her.
Baby lulled to sleep by dad's Darth Vader impersonation. In a new video posted online, the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as Thomas 'Buddy' starts his deep breathing technique. The crackling, deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier.
Married at First Sight star Jaclyn Methuen has revealed that she is finally ready to physically consummate their marriage, as her feelings for her new husband continue to grow. All three couples began their real journey towards domestic bliss on last night's episode of the FYI reality show, as the newlyweds searched for new homes to call their own, but, surprisingly, it was Jaclyn who were brought closer together by process.
Mother braves Sydney storm by handing out waterproof clothing, blankets and sleeping bags to homeless. Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into Sydney CBD. The Dee Why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless.
New York man catcalls women in the street. Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign, which saw signs a series of pro-feminist signs being placed on several streets around New York City, when he took to the street to hear opinions from the public. And while the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' saying it makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics.
Joseph Oberhansley, from Jeffersonville, Indiana, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton. On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4.
Chinese translator Xiaoming Gao was accused of sharing government information with an alleged spy. In the affidavit, Timothy S. Pappa, an FBI agent, claims that Gao (pictured) was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons and a US government employee.' That information was provided to individuals she thought to be Chinese intelligence officers.
Elijah McKenna suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after his neighbor's three dogs attacked him near his grandmother’s home in Moore, Oklahoma, Saturday. But the child's family say if it were not for Elijah's fearless 9-year-old sister, Alyssa, the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge. She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile. Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013.
Cooden Beach Hotel in Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex, is virus-free after 100 holidaymakers fall ill with norovirus. Dozens of people who visited the 41-room hotel earlier this month came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug. A Rother District Council spokesperson said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug'.
Clean Eating Alice Liveing shows off her rock-hard abs on Instagram. She's the clean eating food lover who has more than 102,000 followers on Instagram thanks to her healthy and delicious looking meals. But she has a secret weapon that most food bloggers don't have - when people aren't obsessing over her recipes, they're checking out her rock hard abs.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app Tidal is floundering at the lower ends of the iOS app store chart. Last month some of the biggest names in music joined Jay Z for the launch of his premium music streaming service Tidal. But despite all the pomp and circumstance, the app has now floundered, ranking at 872 on the overall download chart and 51 in the music category in the US.
Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin split: How to stay friends with an ex. Even if you thought their 'conscious uncoupling' was a load of Goop, it was a refreshing change from the vicious slanging matches other celebrities engage in after a split. There are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably.
Abigail Ahern's top ten tips to colour confidence. If there's someone who isn't scared to show her colourful side in these times of taupe and elephant breathe, it is celebrated interior designer Ahern. Now the best-selling author is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos with her new style bible, aptly named Colour.
New personal cancer treatment harnesses the power of the body’s immune system and targets it at tumours. Early experiments have demonstrated that the new method could revolutionise cancer care. Scientists have found a system of priming the body's immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours. Survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent.
Judge Nigel Cadbury, who prompted outrage by suggesting murdered student nurse Karen Buckley had put herself in danger by drinking on a night out. Friends of Miss Buckley, who was studying occupational therapy at Glasgow Caledonian University, have said she had only a few drinks before leaving a club.
Cleveland 'house of horrors' survivors reveal how they survived. Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus recalled the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of Ariel Castro, a man who lived close to their homes in Ohio, and managed to lure them into his house with trust because his daughters were the girls' friends. In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment.
Mother of mentally ill daughter who killed herself reveals how bipolar disorder drove her to suicide. Doris Fuller's daughter, Natalie, 28, suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, and died when she stepped in front of a train in Baltimore, Maryland, last month. And in the wake of her death, Fuller has written about how her illness, which went undiagnosed until her early 20s, and said she was 'the bravest person I have ever known'..
David Cameron jokes about Alex Salmond pinching people's wallets in TV interview. David Cameron has been caught joking about a man who can 'pinch your wallet, your watch and even your tie without you noticing' in remarks broadcast after a TV interview ended. The Prime Minister, who had just done a viewer call-in on ITV's This Morning, made the comment as host Phillip Schofield moved on to the next item.
Myer to hold unprecedented designer sale. Australian shoppers will no longer be offered second best a season late. The department store, which stocks top end Australian labels including Alex Perry, Toni Maticevski, Lisa Ho as well as international labels Balmain, DKNY and Alexander McQueen, will see a departure from premium price tags in order to make way for the latest collections in store..
Tennessee judge Lila Statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her incredible take down of one gang member who dared try to claim an area as 'his hood' while in her courtroom. After O'Shae Smith told Statom that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood', she had no problem telling him the area didn't actually belong to him.
Drone carrying small traces of radioactive material lands on roof of Japanese PM's office. The police and bomb squad were called after the four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone, was spotted by a member of the Prime Minister's staff, on the roof of his principle office and residence in Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo. The drone was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing traces of a radioactive substance.
David and Samantha Cameron get stuck in with blue paint while on the campaign trail. While Mr Cameron was messing about with Boris Johnson in Surbiton, his wife was 200 miles away in West Yorkshire giving a lick of paint to a charity project. She visited the Growing Zone, an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs in Kippax, West Yorkshire.
Straight-A schoolgirl given detention for missing GP appointment. Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school at Skegness Academy when she visited her GP for treatment for a water infection. But she was stunned upon her return to class in Lincolnshire to be told she must make up the missed time for the 'unauthorised absence'.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. The study was carried out by scientists at the University of Reading. In the research 98 volunteers were played the ‘catchy tunes’ Play Hard by David Guetta and Payphone by Maroon 5.
10 bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport. From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities, and can be the gate-way to some of the world's most incredible attractions. Here, Mail Online Travel reveals the best - and most bizarre - things to do with your spare time at the airport. Turkey hunting season begins in April and ends at the end of May, and is allowed in designated areas around the St.
Photographer James Oatway took chilling images of Mozambique national Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday. Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death.
Ben Affleck finally admits slave ancestor he censored from Finding Your Roots. The Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show about his family history. Affleck took to Facebook to issue his apology.
South Korea pays £2.4m to Marvel Studios to ensure Avengers: Age of Ultron is shown in a positive light. The South Korean government paid an eye-watering £2. The use of public funds in what appears to be an extreme case of product placement has been criticised by South Koreans - as officials are having to wait with the rest of the world to see if the film, released on Thursday, will lift the country's reputation out of the shadow of it's headline-grabbing northern neighbour. The film has already sold 94 percent of its presale tickets.
Anthem of the Seas sails past sister ship as it makes maiden voyage from Southampton Docks. The world’s third largest cruise liner today sailed past its sister ship, the Explorer Of The Seas, which has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers, as it departed the Hampshire dock this afternoon. The ship, which was officially named earlier this week, is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer and bring an estimated £50,000 to the local economy. The ship's, which features a host of entertainment facilities and amenities, carries 4,180 guests at double occupancy and features
Lian Doyle freed from jail for helping to cover up murder of Pennie Davis by her boyfriend's ex-boyfriend. The girlfriend of a hitman who killed a mother of five as she tended her horses in a New Forest field was released from jail today. She was today sentenced to 10 months in prison, but was released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand.
Fake condoms sold by Chinese gang found to contain toxic metals. Police in Shanghai revealed today that they had seized three million knock-off condoms - thought to be worth nearly £1.3 million on the black market - after they broke up a large operation covering eight provinces. Officers said the lubricating oil used on the condoms at one production line in Henan province was so disgusting that it made them feel sick.
Radio host Mel Greig has started a personal crusade to help remove the stigma attached with IVF treatment. On Wednesday, Mel posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?'
Will Hatton hasn't been able to keep his feet firmly in one place since the age of 18. The 26-year-old British backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency.
Cruise ship passengers on today relived their two day ordeal at sea after being trapped on Carnival Spirit as Sydney was battered by the storm of the century. Huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels, shattered plates and cups – and left many on-board violently seasick as the boat pitched from side to side. A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10am.
Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen. The citation recognises the 93-year-old Duke's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth.
Exotic animal owner Kenny Hetrick is campaigning for his bear and big cats to be returned after they were seized by the state in January. In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from his Stony Ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were 'unsafe'. Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself.
Duchess of Cambridge's baby due as early as today, it has been revealed. According to one well-placed source, Kate's real due date is today or tomorrow - which would tie in with comments made by the Duchess herself. Speaking during an engagement in London last month, she said that her second child is due'mid to late April'.
Passengers experienced some anxious moments when their plane landed at a New York City airport and was met by firefighters wearing full protective suits. Emergency workers surrounded the Delta Air Lines plane at LaGuardia Airport after an odor of smoke was reported by the crew moments after Flight 2522 touched down.
Uber customer charged $16,000 for 7-mile 'car ride from hell'. Jaime Hessel said her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute 'trip from hell'. So she was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs, reported the Gothamist. The infuriating story was first posted on Reddit.
Pregnant Popeyes employee fired after being robbed at gunpoint. Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview on March 31. A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders was encouraged by two aides to charge the Labour peer with historic sex crimes. Both Clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor Laws QC, leading counsel to the investigation, offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute. In particular Mrs Laws pointed to overwhelming evidence and horrific corroborating accounts provided by victims during the exhaustive police inquiry.
New Jersey woman sentenced to 55 years in prison for killing her husband and hiding his remains in storage containers. Loretta Burroughs, 63, sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband, Danny, talked about the horror of losing him and finding out that she chopped up his body and took his remains with her when she moved. She had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to Florida.
Bride-to-be who lost eight stone after falling for Turkish toyboy who cheated on her. Karen Reidy, 40, from Manchester, thought she had found her soulmate when she met Sakir Candan, 12 years her junior, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012. But the hotel worker's dream romance turned sour when she discovered on Facebook that he had been cheating on her for several months.
The 90s bowl cut is making an unlikely comeback. The statement Nineties chop, made famous by Jim Carrey's Lloyd Christmas in Dumb And Dumber, has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years - from Rihanna and Robert Pattinson to Lena Dunham and Miley Cyrus - and is spreading like wildfire among hipsters. One chain of British barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut.
Bella Hadid models a tantalizing $895 Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit and $1,250 Giuseppe Zanotti boots. The 18-year-old, who is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell Gigi, 19, stars in a powerful and provocative new shoot featured in the May issue of Elle magazine, which sees her modeling a series of risque and revealing ensembles. She may be just 18, but her sartorial sense goes far beyond her years. And in her latest spread for Elle Magazine, Bella hadid wore several risque pieces that you wouldn't see
Ann Rule's son, 54-year-old Andrew Rule, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327, according to court documents, and admitted to authorities that he blew the money given to him on gambling and strip clubs. Michael Rule, 51, who receives approximately $9,000 a month between salaries paid to him and his wife by Rule Enterprises, LLC, is also accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks from March 2014 to February 2015 amounting to $103,628.
Man banned from every Sainsbury's branch after opening speakers. Aden Gould, 21, was also told to pay a £150'security fee' after he was seen testing speakers on sale in a branch of the supermarket - even though he put the equipment back where he found it.
Pauline Bruce's neighbour Yvonne Ireland Evans plagued her with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs. It's not the quiet and peaceful life pensioners Pauline and her late husband Tony expected when they moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in Ludlow, Shropshire, following Tony's retirement in 2002.
Michelle Newman said all she heard was a 'pop' and looked up to see her son James' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in Las Vegas. The child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries.
Woman jailed for using stiletto heel to inflict permanent injuries on stranger in nightclub toilet. Shannon Carter, 21, repeatedly struck 20-year-old Amelia Gledhill with the shoe after a row broke out between their friends on a night out in Bradford. Ms Gledhill is said to have been left traumatised by the incident and is still having problems with her eyesight. She has also been left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone.
Police officers 'watched' as a group of teenagers desperately tried to save their friend who drowned in Hampstead Heath pond, it has been claimed. Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25C when he got into difficulty.
Princess Beatrice in Florence for fashion conference. She spent last weekend hobnobbing with Middle Eastern royals in Bahrain, but that clearly isn't enough for jetsetting Princess Beatrice. The royal arrived in Florence yesterday for a fashion conference and has spent much of the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names.
Former Canadian defence minister accuses world leaders of concealing aliens. Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs. 'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary.
Fire-breathing dragon appears to breathe fire in California sky. These incredible photographs appear to capture a fire-breating dragon in the sky - just in time for St George's Day. With its large snout and blackened eyes, the furious-looking beast appeared to breath fire as it stared down from the sky in the bizarre cloud formation. The pictures, which create an uncanny likeness to the fire breathing dragon slain by St George, the patron Saint of England, were captured at dusk above Briones Regional Park, in California.
1,200lb man forced to move from nursing home by crane to hospital. Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston. He was accompanied by his medical team. The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments.
World War veteran Arthur Townsend, 92, of Epping, Essex, poured the product over a Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter - the son of his friend Olive Carter, 96. The retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to Mr Carter’s address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van, causing more than £2,000 of damage. Townsend - of previous good character - was arrested and charged with criminal damage.
Puppy born without a paw gets new home with toddler who lost both of her feet. A white German Shepard puppy named Lt.Dan from South Carolina born without his paw now has a new friend who understands his unique struggle. On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both feet.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years. But the happy couple, who live in Manitoba, Canada, are now using Gayla's 96-inch asset to launch her new career - as an international webcam model. Gayla, who was born with a large, protruding belly, met her truck driver husband Lance on a fat-fetish forum.
Japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his Apple collection a good wash. The unnamed heartbroken girlfriend clearly knew how to hit her lying lover where it hurts.
Alondra Luna Nunez's case drew international attention after a video of her being forced into a police vehicle last week appeared online. She pleaded with the officers, who were working for Interpol, not to take her from her parents. She was taken to the neighboring state of Michoacan for a hearing on April 12.
Which airports are the worst in the world?. Queues are never a holidaymaker's best idea of fun, but some airports don't help themselves when faced with these kind of situations.
Geoff Barrow, Portishead's founder and instrumentalist, attacked Spotify, YouTube, Apple and Universal Music for selling his music cheaply. He added that he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more, and says it is hurting young talent, stopping people from establishing themselves on the scene.
Lorne Michaels misidentified on NBC's Today show as 'Lauren'. The flub by a graphics person, made on the East Coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online, the network said. Michaels, a native of Toronto, made the cut for the second time since 2008.
Jihadi John and other ISIS extremists are building a network of'misfits' around the world who can carry out 'chaotic' terror attacks with little planning, a senior police officer has warned. Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley, head of specialist operations at the Metropolitan Police, said ISIS is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters among 'the vulnerable, people with violent backgrounds, very young people and those with mental health issues'.
Neanderthals may have died out because they were unable to control fire. They vanished from the Earth around 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age. Now researchers believe they may have uncovered a possible explanation of what may have contributed to their eventual demise - they were not very adept at controlling fire.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep their most important papers in a shoebox, a poll has found. From a marriage certificate to deeds to a house, only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online, while just 13 per cent bother to scan it to a computer, the poll by online file-sharing service Lifetile found. The survey of more than 2,000 Britons found almost half (45 per cent) rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents, from personal to official ones.
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shooting that shocked the nation in March 2011. Thusha was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011.
Angie Donohue broke down as she explained how her husband of four years had tried to hire someone to kill her, even from the confines of his prison cell. 'I was frightened of him, I was just terrified of him.'
Children's soft toys act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals, scientists have warned. A team of researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery.
How to avoid showing yourself up. Modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier, but often all it does is create.
Lucy Southern, who worked behind the bar at the hotel owned by Britannia Hotels in Leeds, was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed by her line manager Alex Nkoroi. She complained in August 2013 but nothing was done and in October, he began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck.
John Sutton Jr, 84, to attend 76th Kentucky Derby as special guest. To commemorate his dedication to horse racing, Churchill Downs - the track that hosts the race every year - is inviting the 84-year-old man to attend his 76th-straight Kentucky Derby on May 2. This week, Sutton invited a reporter from WAVE 3 into the Louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years Doris, where she spoke about his very first Derby.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, who joined the Islamic State as an explosives expert and sniper, shared four images on Twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as IEDs. Components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces in the room, which the father-of-two says he hopes will emerge as 'the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state'.
Houston Rockets fan surprised by J.J. Watt. A 12-year-old sports fan from Texas - who's become a star in his own right for his National Anthem-singing skills - was surprised by one of his idols on Tuesday night. Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game.
Man with rare form of muscular dystrophy crosses Boston Marathon finish line. Maickel Melamed, 39, may have come in last place in the 26.2-mile race, but his story touched a city now famous for its own iron-clad will after the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013. The athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24.
Carphone Warehouse to launch its own mobile network in May. Not content to just sell other manufacturers phones and mobile plans, the mobile network will launch in May and offer free roaming in 22 countries including the US, Australia and across Europe. The firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts.
David Cameron promises extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year to counter spiralling costs. David Cameron, pictured, will today announce an extra £350 million of free childcare spaces at a cost of £5,000 to working families. The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment. Mr Cameron will tell the audience that the Conservative Party wants to reward hard work.
Hog's Breath Cafe in Aspley is facing online criticism after a customer found a sink plug in her salad. The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it.
Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will rival the likes of Harrods and Selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on April 28. A huge collection of designer shoes, handbags, clothes and accessories worth from £300 to at least £2,000 are set to go up for auction. The 173 lots include the Issa dress as worn by Kate Middleton for her engagement photos, and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of Carrie and Samantha in Sex And The City. The items, which are in immaculate condition, come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady
In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women. A recent Saturday Night Live skit about a male student having sex with his female high school teacher painted the relationship as every teen boy's dream, but drew a firestorm of criticism on social media. The reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students.
First country in the world to switch off its FM radio signal. It is the radio format that has delivered the latest chart hits, news and talk shows in stereo to homes around the world for decades. But now the characteristic hiss of interference that accompanies most FM broadcasts is set to fall silent.
Tesla has confirmed it will unveil a revolutionary power pack for the home next week. The California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors. The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design.
Obobese patients could be denied routine operations to save money, a survey of health bosses has revealed. More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments.
Fiorina is set to become the second woman in the 2016 White House hunt – if a report published Wednesday afternoon is accurate. The onetime Hewlett-Packard CEO will launch a formal campaign.
President Barack Obama will once again stop short of calling the 1915 massacre of Armenians a genocide. As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected.
Claire Sweeney turns to hypnotherapist Susan Hepburn to shed two stone. New mother Claire Sweeney has turned to a hypnotist in a bid to shed her two stone. The former Brookside actress gave birth to son Jaxton in September and admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure. Claire, 44, has now enlisted the help of Susan, who famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
The world's most loved-up emoji: How 16 different languages and regions use them. From sending countless 'poops' to adding hearts to sentimental messages, your choice of emoji says a lot about you. And now experts have analysed more than one billion uses of the tiny icons to see how they are used across different languages.
Summer. Summer beach season is right around the corner, and with it comes inevitably sunburned skin.
Zach Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, died the day after he pleaded not guilty to hitting his partner. Before the crash on Saturday, Stickler had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned to kill himself.
Taxi driver takes 30,000 selfies with passengers. Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng,' from Shenyang, North China, came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30C. 'They had been standing in the cold for more than an hour for a taxi'.
Florida teen accused of ganging up on a friend by allowing her to be sexually assaulted is thrown back in jail. Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet, which itself violates the conditions set just one month prior when she was first released on $100,000 bond. Prosecutor Maria Schneider said photos of the 17-year-old were posted to social media and one of them shows her using a smart phone, reports the Sun-Sentinel. Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim
Mother Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations - claiming the rituals are part of her'religion, culture and heritage.' The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013.
Make-up artist Abi Gordon-Cody creates gruesome injuries using special effects. The 26-year-old, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, works as a special effects make-up expert with the daily challenge of trying to find ways of slicing off fingers and impaling bodies in a completely pain-free way. Abi, 26, is known for her uncanny depictions of horror scenarios and hideous household accidents.
102-year-old woman who used to dance with Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly gets to see herself shimmy and shake on film for the first time. Alice Barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s Harlem Renaissance played on the screen. Barker had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows.
Bluebells in full bloom in Hampshire, but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by showers this weekend. Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather. Photographs taken today in Micheldever Woods, Hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected after an unseasonably warm start to the season.
Nigel Nigel Farage discusses his love of skinny dipping in the icy waters of the English Channel as a boy. The 51-year-old also discussed his battle with testicular cancer, keeping his children out of the public eye and how he plans to go on and on as Ukip leader - until 2030.
Deadly diet pills thought to have killed six young people in Britain are being sold online for just 70p each. Unscrupulous dealers in the UK and abroad are selling the potentially fatal drug.
Rajpal Singh, 34, had hundreds of coins and other objects removed from his stomach after complaining of an ache. He swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries. He had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets. He went to many medical centres in Punjab complaining of a painful ache in his abdomen, but no doctors could diagnose the problem. Finally, Dr Gagandeep Goyal, a gastroentologist at a local hospital, carried out an X-ray and revealed the mass of metal deep in Mr Singh's stomach.
Turkish security guard Cengiz güven protects Australian travellers at Gallipoli. He's protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler, and now Turkish security manager Cengis Guven is protecting Australian travellers. He has been taking care of things at Lone Pine for the past four years, but in between Anzac Days his work has a superstar flavour. When Crowe attended the Istanbul premiere of his latest film, The Water Diviner, in 2014, he was on personal protection duty.
Nigel Nigel Farage is a 'Victor Meldrew in stilts' whose remarks about immigrants and ethnic minorities reveal the 'truly odious nature of his views', Nick Clegg claimed today in an extraordinary attack on the UKIP leader. In an interview with MailOnline, Mr Clegg said Mr Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white 'lashing out' in a scrabble for headlines.
Almost 50 people a year die of skin cancer after being exposed to the sun at work in the UK, research shows. It found nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure A separate study, also commissioned by the Institution of Occupational Safety and Health, found there was a'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry, with two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk.
Kidneys that weighed as much as a newborn baby removed from Indian man with genetic disorder. The giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg) - and was 20 times bigger thanit should have been. It was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD).
Holly Nicole Solomon pleads guilty to running over husband with SUV because he didn't vote in 2012 presidential election. An Arizona woman has pleaded guilty to hitting her husband with their SUV after learning that he didn’t vote in the 2012 election. She will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal. She was six months pregnant at the time.
Obama holds up shrinking Everglades as proof climate change is real. President Barack Obama held up the shrinking Florida Everglade today as proof positive that climate change  is real and is threatening America's 'national treasures,' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns, which rely heavily on tourist dollars. 'Climate change can no longer be denied. It can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglas National Park commemorating Earth Day.
Virginia man wins right to see his son even though he was conceived through a turkey baster. Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010. She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Boardwine had no parental rights.
Aldi under fire for failing to disclose credit card surcharge. Discount supermarket Aldi is under fire after failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would. The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) took action against the supermarket company last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose the surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go.
Man rescues five horses from floodwaters in NSW. Heartwarming photos have emerged of a man rescuing five beloved horses from the severe flooding in his rural town triggered by the worst storm in a decade in New South Wales. Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near Dungog, one of the hardest hit areas in the state - where three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years.
Trussell Trust claims 1 million people are fed from food banks. The country’s biggest food bank organisation yesterday claimed the number of people claiming free meal packages from its branches passed a million last year. But Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith questioned the numbers, which he said were 'unverified'.
Perth couple Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt. After sharing their story with a Perth radio station the couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family.
Serbia's president to Italy last week was forced to turn back. when the co-pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board. Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin' when the plane - a 34-year-old. French-built Falcon 50 - began tumbling through the air on.
Islamic school principal Omar Hallak banned girls from running, amid fears it would cause them to lose their virginity. Former teachers of Al-Taqwa College, in Melbourne's outer western suburbs, claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that principal Omar Hallak was discriminating against female students. The Age reported that the Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations.
Judge Anita Brody approved the deal on Wednesday after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out. The settlement also includes allowing for monetary awards of up to $5million per claimant for serious medical conditions associated with repeated head trauma. The negotiators did not increase the original $765million plan, but agreed to remove that number as the cap.
Kim Kardashian uses FaceTune to edit her selfies. Kim Kardashian is undoubtedly the queen of self-promotion, posting'selfie' snaps to her millions of followers on a daily basis and even releasing a book filled with her self-taken pictures. And now, Kim's secret weapon to achieving the perfect photo has seemingly been revealed. The £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection'.
Florida teen who kept a deadly wild snake in his bedroom as a pet and bragged about how many times he'd kissed it was bitten on the mouth and rushed to the hospital Saturday. Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week. He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend.
Police in Colorado have cited a 37-year-old man for carrying his computer into an alley then. shooting it eight times with a handgun after what authorities said had been a long battle with the uncooperative machine. Lucas Hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city. limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on Monday evening, the Colorado Springs Police Department said in a.
Algerian jihadi who was preparing to attack churches in Paris on orders is in custody. The 24-year-old, named locally as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern Paris on Sunday. This afternoon the Paris prosecutor said police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at the IT student's home, as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria.
Iranian girl who has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre has been prescribed anti-depressants, has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, her lawyer says. The girl's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in Iran.
EU free movement has created'modern slave trade' in the UK. The vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages. In some cases, 'customers' from outside the EU are requesting women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant. The migrants – desperate for a foothold in Britain – then claim they have a human right to a family life in Britain to raise the child.
Sound Sound of Music costumes to fetch $800,000 at auction. Worn by the von Trapp children throughout much of the movie, the flamboyant regalia is made by Maria - played by Julie Andrews - at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings’ drab uniforms.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, from Morecambe, has been diagnosed with the rare condition functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term to cover a range of neurological symptoms. The mother-of-two suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car last May.
EU launched a legal attack on Gazprom on Wednesday, stoking tensions with Moscow as it accused the Russian gas giant of overcharging buyers in Eastern Europe and hindering competition. Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid Ukraine - and pressuring governments to back its pipeline interests.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations. Ten will be 'not at risk', two 'threatened' and two still 'endangered'.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, posed as a university maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties before pinching laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit. The court heard unemployed Woolaston would walk around the University of Birmingham campus wearing clothes bearing the red-brick university's logo. But he was caught out when he broke into the Biosciences Department on January 29 where he forced open two secure metal cupboards.
Which Premier League club is the most popular according to Twitter followers?. For the first time ever, fans can see a detailed breakdown of how support for every club varies around the world.
Sweet potatoes have been found to genetically modify themselves. The remarkable finding of 'foreign DNA' in the vegetable shows that it contains a type of natural genetically modified organism (GMO). The research was conducted by scientists from Ghent University in Belgium and the International Potato Institute (CIP).
Vietnam War veteran suffers from music hallucinations. Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May.
Charlotte Blakeway was discovered dead after having the seizure while at her home in Shropshire. The death of the 17-year-old has shocked family, friends and teachers at Shrewsbury Sixth Form College, where she was studying film, performance, English and sociology.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year. Today, the 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, dressed in a smart pinstripe suit and blue tie, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court.
Police arrest 27-year-old man who tried to flee after woman's body found in boot of his car. The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW, just after 8.30pm on Wednesday. But on Thursday evening 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police.
HillaryHillary Rodham Clinton got her budding presidential campaign's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 Benghazi terror attacks on Tuesday night. The bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip.
American transgender woman to marry a bride she has never met. Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to live with her fiancee, identified only as Anne, in Plymouth, Devon, later this year. She will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa, which, if successful, will set her on the path to citizenship.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles, police said. No one was injured.
Border collie piloting tractor across motorway. Like a scene from Wallace and Gromit, the intrepid sheepdog was at the controls when he sent the farm utility vehicle down a steep bank, on to the busy carriageway and into the central reservation barrier. The incident happened at junction 13 of the M74, near Abington in South Lanarkshire. Don's owner Tom Hamilton was tending to a lamb when the sheepdog took control by nudging the controls.
Children are among the latest group of migrants to have safely reached land after a desperate voyage across the Mediterranean that has claimed the lives of so many others. Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children, who were no doubt unaware just how perilous their boat trip could have been.
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic and hauled before the General Medical Council nine years ago for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent. His behaviour was branded ‘inappropriate’ but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics.
Grandmother and her husband celebrate their tenth wedding anniversary despite 29-year age gap. William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother, Marilyn Buttigieg, who was then 44 years old. The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in September 2005.
Nigel Farage has called for any migrants rescued from the Mediterranean to be sent back to Africa. The Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe over the next few years unless they are intercepted and turned back now.
Jeremy Clarkson will return to BBC but not on Top Gear - even though bosses still haven't found his replacement. BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw, who has been tasked with finding a new presenter for the show, said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC, despite his very public sacking from Top Gear just last month.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses, doctors have warned. Now, however, scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition. They have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Kim Richards storms out of Dr Phil McGraw's interview. Embattled Kim Richards stormed out of a highly emotional discussion of her alcoholism, Daily Mail Online can exclusively reveal. The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program. But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help.
First-of-its-kind 3D simulation shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide in a disk. The video swoops around the disc of superheated material known as a quasar surrounding the black hole, showing how it takes shape. And the simulation is particularly interesting, because recent observations show two such black holes are going to collide in just seven years - so the prediction can be tested in real life.
UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen. The unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations. The matches cost £5.47 ($7.99) from UCO's website and are available from the UK distributor Dalesman International.
Male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs. Stegosaurus, a herbivorous dinosaur, lived around 150 million years ago during the late Jurassic period in the western United States. Along with its bony back, it also had large spikes on its tail that are thought to have been for defence or fights with rivals.
Woman allowed 10-year-old girl to drive her car. Police in Memphis have arrested a woman who they say was drunk driving and allowed a 10 year old girl to take over the wheel of her car. The incident occurred on South Third street in South Memphis on Thursday night.
Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson admits she never had cancer. After months of speculation - and years of her friends' doubts - Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson has admitted she never had cancer. With her business empire destroyed and her online community in tatters, Gibson today admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies. 'No. None of it is true,' she said, during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly.
Newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today. Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments.
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day, linking the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state. Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day, and many Israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who have died in conflict. The sirens marking the start of two-minute silences are sounded twice - once at 8pm on the eve of Yom Harikaron, and a second at 11am.
Ancient Egyptian papyrus reveals hangover cure. Written in Greek, one of the medical recipes offers advice for how to tackle a 'drunken headache' - with the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne, or sometimes Alexandrian laurel. Scroll down for video Historians have discovered a 1,900-year-old'recipe' for treating a hangover.
Graeme Finlay, 53, insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked by Ron Phillips, 70, wielding his crutch. The 16-stone British Gas engineer, who was travelling alone, confronted Mr Phillips and his wife June, 69, about their rudeness in ignoring him when he joined their table for dinner, a court heard.
Cetaphil is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden and actresses Charlize Theron and Olivia Wilde. It is usually found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat painful skin conditions such as eczema in children. But these days it seems you are just as likely to come across it in the beauty cupboards of the rich and famous.
Former model Monica McDermott, 41, had to be restrained by police after being caught drink-driving. The 41-year-old could not walk straight when police stopped her black Lexus on a road in Macclesfield, Cheshire. When officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights. The footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water. One of the dogs ears had been bitten off.
Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera in an effort to curb gang violence. In all 1,177 gang members were transferred. They will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are.
Gary Glitter's youngest victim breaks silence to speak for the first time as an adult. In a harrowing insight into the lifelong effects of the shamed glam rocker's catalogue of sickening attacks, 'N' – who was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood – told how she still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse. She was one of two young girls predator Glitter was convicted of abusing when he lived in the seaside resort of Vung Tau in Vietnam in 2006.
Brother and sister reunited after 16 years on Tinder. Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up. Despite Erik and Maarten's best efforts to later track down their sister, it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands, joined Tinder and swiped 'right' on Josephine's profile that they were reunited - but the penny didn't drop straight away.
GregGreg Hardy has been suspended by the NFL after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year. Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary for these games. This comes almost one year after Hardy, 25, was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder.
The job of parents is to make their children do the things they do not want to do, the country's most senior family law judge said yesterday. He suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets, grounding teenagers, and 'threats falling short of brute force' as suitable methods for parents to get their way. The price of failure, the judge suggested, could be lifelong pain for the parents or even, if the children’s education or health was at stake, their removal by social workers to grow up in state care. Sir James, who is President of the Family Division, gave his advice in a case
Apple Watch is a 'waste of money'. The Apple Watch version one, with its much-hyped unbreakable sapphire screen and hundreds of apps, may not be all that it's cracked up to be and has been labelled 'a waste of money'..
David Cameron launches furious attack on Labour MPs 'bleating' about poverty. David Cameron this morning launched a furious attack in Bedford, Bedfordshire, after it emerged more than a million people turned to food banks last year. The Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor'.
Judge Nicholas Cooke QC blasted his junior colleague Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC for 'taking his eye off the ball' when he sentenced Christopher Starrs in January this year. Wheelchair-bound Starrs, 50, was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in January after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer BT.
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year. In the first four months of the year, there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations.
'greedy' cashier who stole £15,000 from a currency exchange and blew it on living a high-flying lifestyle was told by a judge it was time to 'get her hands dirty'. Fashion conscious Shanice Farier, 22, from Derby, earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father but that wasn't enough for her expensive taste, the court heard.
Id Iditarod sled dog Sarabi found safe after a month on the run. Sarabi escaped from handlers in Anchorage but has been found safe a month after running away.
3-year-old girl's nightmare about mysterious white van may help shed light on what really happened the day her mother died in Virginia SUV crash. Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, a married mother of three from Chesterfield County, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road, slammed her silver Ford Explorer into a tree and died at the scene. Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions.
Father of little girl who starred in mystery pair of boots has 'no idea what it is. Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter - who he wished not be named - standing near a rocky outcrop in Zushi, Japan, in July 2014. He said he was living and working in Tokyo, around an hour north, and wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work'..
Church treasurer accused of killing his wife by deliberately smashing his 4x4 vehicle into a tree at 84mph has described their early sex life together as 'dramatic'. Ian Walters is accused of murdering his wife of two years after their relationship had collapsed because she was no longer able to satisfy his sexual demands. The 51-year-old’s Mitsubishi L200 Animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree – leaving Mrs Walters, 48, with serious injuries.
Crust fan finds skull-shaped deep-fried potato snack in Tesco crisps. Barry Selby, 54, who lives with his dog in Poole, Dorset, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery, which appears to be a profile of a human skull. The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet.
Woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times in four months while working as a services technician is hoping to use an insanity defense, claiming she was 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' and suffers from mental illness. Brett Robinson, 32, is facing 12 charges after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year.
Trussell Trust admits it served a million hungry people in a year. Claims by the country's biggest food bank network that it served more than a million people were exposed as false yesterday. It emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million.
Jake Gyllenhaal worked out for six months to get ripped for Southpaw. The new trailer last month featured Jake showing off an extremely toned torso. But according to his trainer, former professional boxer Terry Claybon, it took a huge amount of work to get the 34-year-old actor ripped for the shoot, including six months of training before filming even started. He also worked out six hours per day, including 2,000 sit ups, 1,000 each morning and the same at night.
Spartacus star Peter Ustinov's Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet to fetch £1m at auction. The actor bought the Aston Martin in 1962, shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role as Batiatus in Spartacus. It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 and was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in Britain was just £2,500. The car went down well with critics, with Motors magazine praising its “high quality, exceptional performance, lavish finishing”.
Spain's Queen Letizia was back to the day job today, following two consecutive evenings at glamorous awards shows. Joined by handsome husband King Felipe, 47, the elegant royal was all smiles as she welcomed award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo to the Casa Real.
Nasa hopes to do this with the James Webb Space Telescope, which will be 100 times more potent than Hubble, and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang. JWST's main mirror will be 21ft (6.5 metres) in diameter, three times as large as Hubble's.
Baboucarr Ceesay, a talented footballer from The Gambia, is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a 'desperate' attempt to seek a new life in the UK. His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation after discovering that he was not among the 27 survivors and demanded the human traffickers be brought to justice. She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals who are responsible for thousands of deaths.'
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne in the graveyard of St Nicholas Church in Southfleet, near Gravesend, in Kent, as she was about to lay flowers at the grave of his grandmother on October 11 last year. She begged him to think of their children but Norris stabbed her repeatedly. A member of the public tried to intervene but Norris threatened him with the knife before turning to stab Mrs Norris again, telling her: 'Go to sleep, go to sleep with your mum.'
Bear Grylls' The Island contestants hunt and kill an endangered crocodile during filming. It has been revealed that starving competitors on the survival show hunted and killed the animal during filming after the show's bosses mistook it for a more common species. Male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they tracked down and killed what they thought was a common caiman - a small, relatively common reptile. However, suspicions were raised when it appeared larger than usual.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer, the charity founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994, has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever. Starring models from sizes 10 to 20, this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes.
How to make everything from easy-to-assemble options such cheese and crackers, to more complicated steamed Chinese buns, and Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches. Each recipe on Food52 is contributed by a member of the team who promises to keep your midday meals 'both interesting and pretty.'
Three men arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef Claudia Lawrence. The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found. Officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts.
Aston Martin DB4 Series III will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored. The British vehicle was supplied new in July 1961 to a Robert Drummond of London, who lived in a central postcode region in the capital of SW1. The car - to be auctioned in Buckinghamshire - was off the road in storage when bought by the unnamed current owner in 1982 as a restoration project.
Texas trooper kicks fleeing motorcyclist after shooting him in the leg during high-speed chase. Dashcam footage has revealed the startling moment a Texas trooper leaped into the air and karate kicked him to the ground. The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Trooper Abraham Martinez last year but the footage only emerged this week as the Austin American Statesman investigated outdated tactics used in Department of Public Safety pursuits.
Inuits in Greenland would have entertained polite company in their settlements while wearing a thong made of seal fur. Traditionally known as a 'naatsit', the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt. It was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892 by Captain C. Ryder. When leaving the settlement, the female wearer would have worn it under trousers.
Colleen Deborah Ayers: Man who helped strangle his former lover pleads not guilty to murder. Micheal John Duffy, 34, told the court his former flame had a 'twisted desire to kill' and that he had only dug the victim's crude grave. He claimed his co-accused, Rachel Evans, was the one who initiated the violent act.
Harrison Poe slips off stage and nearly crushes musicians in orchestra pit at Tommy Tune Awards. There was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week, as an honoree slipped off the stage. Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas, but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage. TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness.
Man cremated by mistake after funeral home accidentally put a stranger's body in his coffin. Jerry Moon's family only discovered the devastating blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag. While the body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was incinerated at Dahl McVicker Funeral Home in Kelso, Washington State.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was a member of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood, and now it and 49 others, may be bulldozed. This so the city can make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
Auschwitz trial: Ex-SS sergeant Oskar Groening on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews. A former SS sergeant described how so many Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp at once that he was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked from the trains. He told in chilling detail how cattle cars full of Jews were stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers.
Belle Gibson: Jesinta Campbell joins the chorus of angry followers who say they feel let down by Belle Gibson. Like hundreds of thousands of others, model and TV personality Jesinta Campbell was a fan of wellness blogger Belle Gibson and followed her inspirational story of cancer survival. But after Gibson finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses – following months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire – Campbell has joined the chorus. 'I am so disappointed and shocked and on every level, this is so irresponsible on her behalf.
Health watchdog that damned Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire ignored a spot check by its own inspectors that found huge improvements in standards. The vital findings have been suppressed for nearly four months, and have only emerged now after the Care Quality Commission quietly revised its report to rate many of the hospital's services as 'good'. In January the commission branded the hospital as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures, along with a dozen of the worst hospitals in the country. But today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement' and publish a glowing report.
Vets urge dog owners to check their dogs for ticks. Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks, which can spread potentially fatal diseases to humans. Their warning comes after a survey found almost half of dog owners did not know that ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs.
Teenagers across America got a very realistic simulation of a prom night drinking and driving crash and from the looks of their aghast faces it seems as though they learned their lesson. The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving.
A terrifying image reveals the moment a 'highly skilled' pilot spun out of control during an aerobatic display - right before the plane crashed in front of horrified spectators this afternoon. Smoke billows from David Jenkins' single-engine Edge 360 plane above Old Buckenham Airfield near Attleborough, Norfolk. The man in his 50s tragically died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people who were at a press day for the air show.
Male beauty blogger transforms into Kylie Jenner in makeup video tutorial. Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, stars in theunique makeover clip, which sees him transform himself into a Kylie lookalike with the help of various make-up products and - of course - the infamous lip suction cup. To make himself over as 'America's sweetheart', Rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the appearance of the youngest member of the Kardashian clan.
Rep. Steve Knight threatens anti-immigration protester with violence. A recent meeting between a freshman Republican congressman from California and his constituents took an unexpected turn when Rep Steve Knight, 48, was caught on camera threatening an anti-immigrant protester with violent violence. Knight, a former Los Angeles police officer, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley office last Friday when he was accosted by a group of activists rallying against amnesty for undocumented immigrants.
Alex Alex Salmond has provoked outrage after he was caught boasting: 'I'm writing Labour's budget.' Secret footage showed the former first minister, who is bidding to become an MP, mocking Labour after it slapped down its Scottish leader Jim Murphy.
An eight-year-old boy penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough. According to Peter's father, the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because troubled Peter was ''too angry' to write it all down in one sitting. In addition to telling Michelle Obama that public school children can't live on one packet of ketchup alone, Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine.
The timing is surely a coincidence – three days before her daughter is due to give birth to another royal baby, Carole Middleton is busy promoting her party firm’s baby-shower goodies. Mrs Middleton, 60, who has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter Kate married Prince William, wrote: ‘I love a range that fits so many different gatherings. Chevron Divine is just that, and it's great for a baby shower.
Ben Affleck is apologizing after it came to light that the Academy Award-winning actor and director asked that information be withheld from a PBS show about his family history. After appearing on Finding Your Roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner, Affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by DailyMail.com.
Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. The situation arose about an hour after take-off, when three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet from Chicago to Connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick.
Chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time. The announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable experiments.
Mother of Odin Lloyd moves forward with civil lawsuit against Aaron Hernandez. Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit. according to attorney Doug Sheff. Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013.
Georgia toddler left mangled after SWAT police tossed grenade into crib. Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident. His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million.
Clean-water activist Christopher Swain swims 1.8-mile swim in New York City's polluted Gowanus Canal to call attention to its pollution. A clean-water advocate took an Earth Day swim in the Gowanus canal, a site designated by the federal government as especially polluted by the Environmental Protection Agency, but quit less than halfway through. He swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up.
Nigel Farage suffered a fresh blow today after a new poll showed Ukip trailing badly in a series of key seats. Across the 11 marginal constituencies – including Boston & Skegness, Great Yarmouth and North Thanet – Ukip now trail the Tories by 18 per cent and Labour by 7 per cent.
David Cameron has never had a proper job, says former Tory party chairman. Lord Tebbit has hit out at David Cameron for not being a'real man' with'real depth of experience'. He said the Prime Minister had done nothing except be a special adviser.
Teacher Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14 who was a pupil at top independent school St Paul’s in Barnes, south west London, during the 1980s. She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985.
Harrowing images show seconds before media activist was brutally murdered by militants loyal to the Islamic State in Syria. Taken on the frontline of fighting in the countryside outside the rebel-held city of Aleppo, the photos show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot. ISIS released the disturbing photographs on the same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group's control as happy and carefree.
Rebecca Grant, 40, initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail Once York County sheriff’s deputies learned she had bail conditions not to possess or consume alcohol they went to arrest her, Sheriff William King said. However, at this point, she became violent, and attempted to head-butt a deputy sheriff before 'thrusting her head onto the trunk of his cruiser on two occasions.'
Denmark has finally passed a law banning bestiality in an attempt to crack down on perverts visiting the country to have sex with animals.The Nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists taking advantage of its lax regulations.The previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals.But agricultural minister Dan Jorgensen pointed out it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed.'It's hard to prove that an animal suffers when a human. has sexual intercourse with it, and that is why we must give
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, was found guilty of attempted murder after his wife Mandy, 47, was left with life-threatening injuries to the chest, torso and back at their home in Polegate, East Sussex. The former Polegate town councillor had become suspicious of his wife's movements as he hired a private detective to watch her, a court heard.
Lord Janner signed over £2m home to his children at height of police paedophile case. The revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former Labour MP for child abuse. Victims and leading politicians accused Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders of ‘damaging public confidence’ in the justice system with her ruling that he was unfit to stand trial. But his mental health did not seem to stand in the way of him signing legal documents to transfer ownership of the flat.
Hand model Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, gets paid £100 an hour. She's been photographed hundreds of times and starred in magazines and TV advertisements but you won't have seen her face - until now. Professional hand model Emily, from Shopshire, has appeared everywhere from television screens to magazine ads.
Mourners attend funeral of nine-year-old Calais schoolgirl raped and murdered by Polish migrant. The tragic killing of Chloe sparked a national outpouring of grief in France after her body was discovered in a migrant camp last week. Chloe had been snatched from a French playground in front of her mother Isabelle Hyart's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk, 38.
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal, the Saudi King Abdullah's nephew, has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in Riyadh, Saudi Arabian capital, a free Bentley. He wrote: 'To recognise the one hundred participating Saudi pilots I am pleased to present them with 100 Bentley cars.'
Woman who escaped Islamic State says she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by the terror group. The woman, who did not want to be identified, told a BBC documentary that airs tonight that she was lucky to escape from the IS capital Raqqa in Syria where she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone. She added that women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother.
One in five admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night. Want to know what Australians get up to when the lights go out?.
Nigel Nigel Farage has admitted that he has a 'preference' for Australian immigrants over Eastern Europeans and Somalians. The Ukip leader said he had to 'confess' that he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India because they could speak English and understood Britain's legal system.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi calls for new terror attacks on Australian soil in vile new propaganda video. The senior Islamic State commander linked to the Anzac Day terror plot has called for new attacks in Australia in a 12-minute long propaganda video where, cradling a gun, he has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in Australia. 'I ask you brothers, when are you going rise up and attack them?'
20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers. They are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home and are perfect for catching oily sediment from your cup of Java. But these lint-free, tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations, too. They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks, from being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls, to cleaning varnish off your fingernails.
Oregon woman found guilty of killing two handymen and feeding their bodies to her pigs. Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two men on her pig farm over a one-year span. She was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison.
Angelina Jolie has said that the cost of testing for breast cancer genes'remains an obstacle for many women'..
Mehmet Oz will take on his detractors in the medical community head-on during a special episode of his daytime talk show Thursday. Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University, where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians.
Stephanie Scott's family offer condolences to Leeton schoolteacher's friends and relatives ahead of her funeral. Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland, just days before she was set to wed fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley. A memorial service for Ms Scott (pictured) will take place in Eugowra in NSW's central west, at the venue where her wedding was due to be held The family of Stephanie Scott (left) have offered their condolences to the Leeton school teacher's friends and relatives ahead of
David Cameron and Boris Johnson struggle with children's jigsaw teaching toddlers about the seasons. They are supposed to be the dream team who can solve the conundrum of how to win the election. But David Cameron was left scratching his head today as they struggled with a children's puzzle teaching toddlers the four seasons.
New Zealand PM John Key repeatedly pulls waitress' hair. A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife. Published on The Daily Blog on Wednesday, the anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year.
Czech politician creates new nation state by claiming three-square-mile patch of land along Croatia-Serbia border. Vit Jedlicka, 31, a member of the Czech Republic's Conservative Party of Free Citizens, is the self-declared president of 'Liberland', which is located on the banks of the Danube River. The land making up the so-called'micronation' was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula which split into new countries following the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
Amy Schumer pretends to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at TIME 100 Gala. The funny girl pretended to trip on the red carpet at the TIME 100 gala in New York City on Tuesday. The couple slowly strolled by as the Trainwreck star lay sprawled out on the floor. She's never been a wallflower, and for the gala, Kim Kardashian brought the dramatic flair in a Sophie Theallet gown.
Professor David Healy, head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatric unit in Bangor, North Wales, said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact. He suggested that the success of so-called SSRI drugs – which include Prozac and Seroxat – was based on the'marketing of a myth'.
Farming couple adopt 40 disabled children in a box on the side of the road. A remarkable farming couple have devoted their lives to adopting disabled orphans - taking in more than 40 children over the last 26 years. Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, found their first child on the roadside and gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural Shanxi province, central China.
Quentin Letts on Prince William's six weeks' paternity leave. Prince William, dutiful fellow that he is, has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. God willing, his wife the Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days’ time, at which point the Prince, having been excused from training with East Anglia Air Ambulance, will roll up the sleeves of his Viyella shirt and tell his beloved as she lies, exhausted, on her maternity hospital bed: ‘O duchess of my dreams, I am at your beck and call
SkinLaundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing', while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring. With these claims, the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the New York Post was like 'a Dickens novel'.
Teen Jackson Byrnes was told he had only weeks to live, only one surgeon in Australia was willing to perform the surgery that would either save his life, leave him paralysed or worse. Now Jackson has woken up from having his catastrophic brain tumour removed with the ability to move his body, thank his surgeon and even to ask his relieved mother for food.
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave. He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head.
St. Regis Abu Dhabi's signature suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world. Located in the centre of the city, the signature suite, which rents for a staggering AED 100,000 (£18,188) per night, hovers an impressive 200m (656ft) above the ground. The hotel's showpiece, the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and, as you might expect, offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Gulf.
Seven-year-old aspiring Jedi Colin Gilpatric, an aspiring Jedi Knight, was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry, as forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead Jedis to the 'dark side'. Desperate for a solution, Colin, who has autism, went directly to the man in charge: Star Wars director and writer Mr Lucas.
Politicians have come together to attack the decision not to prosecute Lord Janner over child abuse. Putting the election aside, 11 leading figures said that Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders was 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her ruling.
Labour leader Ed Miliband insists he does not live in a'mansion'. The claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for the family's live-in nanny.
Family falsely claimed their three-year-old daughter had a grave heart condition in a bid to collect thousands of dollars in donations on a GoFundMe page, according to police. Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James Clawson (pictured), 38, and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, from Marietta, Georgia, all face felony conspiracy charges. They pretended to be a friend asking for money for their daughter, claiming that the girl was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery.
Marine denied re-enlistment after getting rifle tattoo on his forearm to commemorate previous deployment. Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink. While the Army has recently updated its policy, the Marine Corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos.
Stephanie Scott has been remembered as a 'beautiful friend' who brought laughter to her loved ones, in a touching funeral service on Wednesday. Hundreds of people gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects to the beloved teacher who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday, just days before her wedding.
Teacher turned herself in to police on Tuesday to face charges of sleeping with three of her male students. Phoebe Jo Chapman surrendered to sheriffs at the Lowndes County Sheriff’s Office in Valdosta and has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault.
Chess prodigy draws with Russian grandmaster four times his age. Pitted against Alexander Cherniaev in the tournament, 12-year-old chess prodigy Jonah Willow was an underdog even in the eyes of his most ardent supporters. So it came as a surprise when, after two hours of play, the Russian offered the youngster a draw.
Swazi gold is grown in the tiny South African sovereign state of Swaziland, where the climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana. Farmers - many of them 'Grannies' whose children have died and who are now in charge of providing for their grandchildren - developed the potent strain through cross-pollination, and can now yield double the crop they once could annually.
Indian farmer hanged himself from a tree in the middle of a public protest over land rights after telling onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children. Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd.
Samantha Fleming was asleep in the Indiana apartment she shared with her boyfriend and newborn daughter when the doorbell rang on April 6. On the other side, police say, was a professionally dressed woman carrying a binder who introduced herself to Fleming's boyfriend as a Department of Child Services worker on a surprise visit.
Man caught on CCTV shoplifting £200 worth of meat and wine from Tesco. Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag after paying for other items at the checkout. The company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million.
Tesco.uk has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes.
More than five million visas are expected to be issued to students, tourists and workers this year to come to Australia - the biggest amount since World War II. As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year.
Toxic fumes inside aircraft cabins: Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in only four months. The figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe for passengers and crew. Details emerged in a report broadcast last night by ITV News, which has seen copies of the Civil Aviation Authority’s safety reports from December 2014 to March 2015. The problems are thought to arise when cabin air is drawn from the hot engines.
Mortgage broker Marcus Copeland, 44, who built £1m eco house, faces jail after conning a bank into giving him £800,000 for it. The award-winning mortgage broker has previously boasted about his £1million hillside home he built in the north Wales countryside. But yesterday it emerged that the married father-of-two’s dream had become a nightmare, after he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than £800k for the property. He was told he faces jail.
Grandmother left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her leg after botched tattoo. Sally Lutkin, 49, had a rose surrounded by the names grandchildren Harvey, seven, Harvey Junior, six, and Cooper, one, tattooed above her left ankle in November 2013. But the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and couldn't walk.
Marine Le Pen named one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people. The leader of France's far-right has been named as one of the Time 100, alongside President Barack Obama, Pope Francis and Kanye West. She says it shows that her party's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic. 'People are taking note of the political upheavals that are happening'.
Real Real-life Rapunzels show off their locks —and explain why they'd never consider going for the chop. The story of Rapunzel, the girl trapped in a tower who is rescued by a prince climbing up her long locks, has captivated little would-be princesses the world over for centuries.
Can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress?. Showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage, the strapless is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow.
Fire boat Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940 and transported to Dunkirk to help with the evacuation of Allied troops in the face of the Nazi advance. After carrying 600 soldiers back to Britain, the boat returned to London where it helped to save St Paul's Cathedral and other buildings damaged in the Blitz. It is still capable of pumping out 3,000 gallons of water every minute - as much as four fire engines.
Scientists study how skin cells connect to each other like a zip. Cuts and wounds in the skin heal in much the same way as a zip being fastened, new microscopic images have revealed. Biologists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself.
Surgeon Sergio Canavero vows to perform world's first head transplant in less than an hour. Controversial Surgeon Canavero plans to perform the first ever human head transplant, claiming the country which hosts the operation will be a 'world leader' like the US when it put a man on the Moon. He confirmed that he hopes to operate on his first patient, a Russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease, and said he will carry out the procedure in China if he is banned from doing so in the EU or former Soviet Union.
Blake Lively is already showcasing her incredible post-baby body in all its glory. The 27-year-old actress, who welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January, has been out and.
Shirley Temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her FBI background check. John George Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way'.
Mother and her three children found murdered in their Saskatchewan home. LaTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were discovered early Wednesday one day after they were reported missing. The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead.
Ed Miliband's 'Milifandom' fan club turns into a Twitter fan club. The largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the May 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician. Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Levels student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users.
World's biodiversity is increasing despite dire warnings that the planet is facing a mass extinction, a leading writer has claimed. Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation and editor of the Whole Earth Catalogue, believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful. Instead he argues that the rate of discovery of new species was currently outstripping the loss of species to extinction. He said that some wild animals are moving back into areas where they have long been absent by themselves. Wolves, lynx and brown bears are also spreading in many parts of Europe.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead - and found out the results were less than kind. 'I just want to be a helping hand today,' he says, offering the man a $10 bill. 'I could f***ing buy you.'
Scott Keyes reveals how to travel first class around the world for free. He made the headlines for his plan to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights in first class... without paying a penny. Now American 28-year-old Scott Keyes has revealed his savvy secrets so you too can explore the world without falling into the ticket traps. The Think Progress reporter reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks.
David Walliams to be first to take a dip in new swimming pool on the banks of the Thames. The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist Tracy Emin and artist David Wallace and Gwen Stefani. The plan is to incorporate two pools, a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool. The baths will also be heated to make them available for use all year around.
James Boase: Pub landlord who was convicted of drink driving after claiming he was sleepwalking and was not drunk vows to never drink again. James Boonase, landlord of the Coppa Dolla pub in Broadhempston, Devon had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13, 2014. The 36-year-old publican told the court that the last thing he could remember was going to bed at approximately 12.30am and then awoke beside his car which had been involved in a car crash.
Ed Miliband photoshopped into famous men's bodies. From Hollywood legends Marlon Brando and Harrison Ford, to astronaut Neil Armstrong and even TV's latest heart-throb Poldark, these images prove there is nothing that photoshop cannot achieve. In an attempt to make the Labour leader look cool, Twitter users have begun editing his face on to the body of famous men, including Daniel Craig as James Bond in movie Casino Royale. The drastic reworking of Miliband comes after he gained a reputation for appearing in awkward pictures, including eating a bacon sandwich.
ESPN reporter Shelley Smith set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer. She revealed she had cancer on twitter last October. Smith will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft. She will interview Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota.
Elvis Presley’s planes are to be taken from the grounds of his former mansion after local officials signed off the controversial deal. Memphis City Council agreed yesterday that Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie – named after the King of Rock ‘n’ Roll’ s daughter – can be moved from his estate to a site nearby.
Mother raises £2,000 in 24 hours to pay for special helmet for son born with flat-head syndrome. Kate Roberts, 24, noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head when he was born, and at three months, he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome'. This when the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out. Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment.
Three former police officers discuss marijuana in new video. No need to call the cops, the three men caught on camera smoking marijuana in an entertaining new video are actually former police offers themselves - and, of course, the substance that they're lighting up is completely legal. Recorded in the state of Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year, the video, created by YouTube channel Cut, sees each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong, before offering their thoughts, both funny and thoughtful, on the controversial substance. 'It's like the last piece of prohibition,' says
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Yasser Afzal 20 times in the east London mini cab office where his victim worked. The court heard that Nargis Riaz, 22, was terrified that the Imam would show intimate photographs to her father who was a strict Imam. He vaulted the counter armed with a carving knife as Riaz was stood outside during the frenzied attack.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting.
The Yeatman, Portugal’s first luxury wine hotel, is built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia, with all of its 82 rooms facing the river and almost every one themed after a Portuguese winery. Guest rooms at the five-star hotel face the river, and almost all of them are themed after the local wineries. The Bacchus suite boasts a high-vaulted wooden ceiling, copper Jacuzzi, fireplace and a rotating bed.
Paralyzed former police officer who advocated for wheelchair users dies after driving ATV off Idaho cliff and plunging 500 feet. Tom McTevia, 42, who was left without the use of his legs following another ATV accident 11 years ago, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday. When the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over.
King Goodwill Zwelithini blamed for sparking South Africa's xenophobic riots. The Zulu king blamed for the violence against foreigners is no stranger to scandal. The dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted the wrath of women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners.
Bill Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel, according to an account provided to White House reporters The White House said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children, 'Bill Nye the Science Guy,' would make the trek today on its behalf to shoot a video of the president On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon
Firefighters chisel through brick wall to free pet cat stuck upside down in two garages. Grey and white cat Marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between owner Brendon Veale's garage and his neighbours in Hanham, Bristol and was left dangling for two hours. The RSPCA were called and they too were unable to coax the pet from the gap and eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free.
Paramedic caught speeding at 105mph on motorbike. Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh Ambulance Service when he was caught by a police camera doing the the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone on his powerful Suzuki motorbike. He pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban.
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley, a blog based on the people-profiling website Humans of New York,in order to showcase the talents and stories of tech's best and brightest women working within the industry 'Over the past couple years, I've come into contact with some awesome women in tech through Stanford or work, and I kept thinking to myself, why have I never heard of them before?' Lea told Buzzfeed.
U.S. Army recruiters are having to act like the trainers on NBC's The Biggest Loser. Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy. 'The obesity issue is the most troubling because the trend is going in the wrong direction,' he told CNN.
Anti-vaccination group compares compulsory vaccination to rape. The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network, an anti-vaccinations lobby group, posted an image to their Facebook page on Thursday which shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. The tag line on the image read, 'Forced penetration. Really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor.
Teenager sets herself on fire after allegedly being gang-raped by five men in India. The 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhi’s Safdarjung Hospital with 70 per cent burns. She was allegedly gang raped on Sunday when she went outside her house in Kosi Kalan, in Uttar Pradesh's Mathura district, to relieve herself.
Another study finds no link between MMR vaccine and autism in children with older siblings. Yet another scientific study has found no links between autism and the vaccine against measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) - even among high risk children. The findings, in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), are based on a study of about 95,000 young people. All those in the study had older siblings.
'rainbow' zebra crossing could cause hallucinations for dementia sufferers. The brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in Totnes in Devon - the first in Europe - as a mark of the town's pride for its gay community.
Colin Hendry, 49, rowed with his then girlfriend Sarah Kinder before embarking on a drinking session which led to him driving through Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, where he was seen speeding, a court heard. Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while the father-of-four attempted to drive home.
IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services. For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person.
Gang of six men jailed for 31 years after being convicted of sexual offences against teenager girls. The offences, which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury, Oxfordshire. Oxford Crown Court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began sexually abusing them.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?'. When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people.
Five nursing students tragically died early on Wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast Georgia that authorities said began when a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic. Those killed were traveling on Interstate 16 near Savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash.
Teen Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care. In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker.
Flat hunters hoping for a bargain in this modern flat in between the newly desirable areas of Peckham and New Cross in south-east London had their expectations thoroughly managed by an honest letting agent. In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment. He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting Jewish people.
Mysterious 15-foot sinkhole swallows cars in Northampton. Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole after it appeared on the residential Earl Street at around 2pm, just hours after part of a London pavement collapsed, swallowing a pedestrian. Shocking pictures show the gaping chasm - which was around eight foot (2.4 metres) wide.
Two people on a Delta flight which made an emergency landing in Boston were hospitalized after extreme turbulence which was compared by one passenger to 'King Kong picking up the plane and shaking it'. Delta said 'a small number of customers' on Flight 271 from Paris to Newark Airport in New Jersey, complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians.
Revealed in a minute-long video, the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience. Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip.
Brad Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie stay at the Holiday Inn. With a net worth of £260million, Hollywood power couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are in no danger of having to endure a night at the Holiday Inn. As one of the most famous duos in the world, it's not surprising the globe-trotting pair have expensive tastes.
Boy, 8, put condom in his mouth thinking it was a balloon. An eight-year-old boy has been tested for every STD including HIV after he picked up a used condom in the playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week. His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing.
Labour will 'never' walk away from the European Union, Ed Miliband will say today. In a rare foreign policy speech, the Labour leader will pledge to ‘restore our commitment’ to the EU and other international groups such as the United Nations. Mr Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe, saying it is ‘very unlikely’ there will be a transfer of powers to the union that would trigger one.
Johnny Depp looks unrecognizable in first trailer for Black Mass. In the long-awaited trailer for the film to be released this September, Depp plays James 'White' Bulger - the notorious Boston gangster who topped the FBI's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011. The trailer was one of several Warner Bros screen at CinemaCon on Thursday.
New Zealand waitress who publicly shamed John Key for repeatedly pulling her hair is revealed as Amanda Bailey. The waitress told the New Zealand Herald that she published the details of John Key's behaviour, which she experienced while she was working at a cafe in Auckland, as she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware'. The 26-year-old, an employee at Rosie cafe which is frequented by Mr Key and his wife, recounted on The Daily Blog how the Prime Minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. But following the publication of
Disabled people accused of 'faking it' to earn perks. We've all inadvertently put our foot in it while trying to be helpful to a fellow human at some point or another, but what's it like being on the receiving end of this day-in, day-out?.
5 ways that the Belle´s of the world win us over. Overcoming terminal cancer through healthy eating - that statement in print appears dubious at best. But it becomes completely believable when it is brought to life through the inspirational, optimistic, comeback story of a charismatic, beautiful, young woman named Belle Gibson.
Australia's most notorious serial killer could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers, had the 'wrong man' not been sent to prison, a new investigation has claimed. The revelation includes first-hand evidence from Milat's older brother, Boris, into the killer's'secret victim'.
Known child sex offender arrested on suspicion of stealing school bus and driving it around to pick up youngsters. Patrick James Fredricksen, 30 - who has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter - was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern Utah, police say. He had already used the bus's on-board list of children's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl, they added.
Mas Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault The woman, mother to a three-year-old girl, managed to escape by hiding in bushes, before getting another taxi to the club. Initially she tried to forget about the attack, the second sexual assault she had suffered in her short life.
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch. The large birds were photographed by Japanese businessman Sanin Alexander as they swooped down with their claws bared at the fox as he boldly grasps the bone in his jaws. At first the fox attempts to fight back, growling viciously at the advancing eagle. But as he is joined by a second the fox begins to lose the fight and realise he has possibly taken on more than he is capable of managing. The animal takes a tumble and lands on
Father accused of abducting 2-year-old girl from car wash and dumping her in restaurant parking lot hours later. Police say the key to tracking down the suspect, Michael David Ikeler, of Torrance, was a tip from his observant neighbor, who noticed Ikeler altering the appearance of his car. Investigators had released CCTV footage of the car - a white Nissan Altima - from the crime scene at the self-serve carwash in Gardena on April 2. The mother was washing her car when she heard the toddler scream 'Mommy', only to turn around and find her daughter gone.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020. This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power. The think-tank warned that Labour's failure to control borrowing would leave Britain 'less well placed to deal with future adverse events', such as another recession or the costs of an ageing population. But it was also highly critical of the lack of detail in the Conservatives' plans, saying the party had failed to spell out where it would find tens
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from Ponthenri near Carmarthen, was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding. Wearing the heavy white cast beneath her fairy tale dress, her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows.
Asian-American rock band The. Slants, who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur, cannot trademark the name because it is disparaging, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Monday. The ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the National Football League's Washington. Redskins should lose its trademarks.
Sienna Miller's fiance Tom Sturridge set to become more famous than his A-list fiancee. Until now, Tom Sturridge has been best known as the long-haired hipster who finally tamed Sienna Miller. Yet this year it looks as though the 29-year-old actor, who counts Robert Pattinson and Andrew Garfield among his best friends, could be set to overtake his partner in the fame stakes.
FBI joins search for man accused of beating his wife to death with kitchen knife at Dunkin' Donuts. Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death inside the fast-food chain.
Snake catcher Richie Gilbert came to the rescue and safely removed the sleepy little snake outside the store. The unnamed woman, from the Sunshine Coast, found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane on Wednesday. She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner and was hitching a ride to the store.
Robert Downey Jr walks out of interview with Krishnan Guru-Murthy. It's every interviewer's worst nightmare. Ask the wrong question and you find your interviewee walking out on you mid sentence.
Ashton Taylor, 21, from Perth, who was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013, said not even an apology from Gibson would cut it for her. Her comments follow the admission from the lying health guru and wellness blogger that she had made up her story about having brain cancer.
'Dusty' the kangaroo has convinced himself that he is a dog, and spends his days with Ashley and Felicity Stewart's dogs Rosie and Lilly, on the couple's farm in Esperance, Western Australia. Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart's truck along with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can.
Benidorm, the package holiday Mecca famous for a lowbrow British TV sitcom and adult entertainer Sticky Vicky is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status. The brash British holiday playground is not getting ideas above its station, say those pushing for its membership to the world's most exclusive culture club. They believe the high rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s deserves the same recognition as other 'world wonders' like Stonehenge, the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China.
Nurse stuffed wet wipe into 96-year-old woman's mouth to stop her screaming. Deborah Roberts, 53, forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth in an attempt to silence her in front of other nursing staff at Kent and Canterbury Hospital. She also poured water over the dementia patient.
Labour MP Rupa Huq says she felt no shame in accepting £1,000 donation from Tony Blair, despite campaigning heavily against Iraq War. Ms Huq, who is standing for Ed Miliband’s party in a key marginal seat in west London, said fellow candidates who had turned down the cash were ‘sticking their noses up’ at Mr Blair. She even accused MailOnline of ‘picking on her’ when she was quizzed about the donation.
Massive fire engulfs Michigan strip club that was once home to a strip club. The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm. A strip club used to be housed at the site, fire officials told the news outlet. The site was not a vacant facility, the officials also said.
Can we use old suncreams?. All of a sudden, it seems that everywhere we turn there are suncream ads and the shops are filled with offers on summer essentials. So should we be making the most of the bargains to restock the bathroom cabinet — or can we ignore the marketing ploys and dig out supplies that have been lurking at the back for years?
Two grinning conmen caught on camera stealing 80-year-old man's savings from cash machine. The smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner's cash on March 17. They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in the village of Walsgrave-on-Sowe, Warwickshire, for 'couriers' to collect.
Dolphins' AJ Francis takes up second job as an Uber taxi driver. He's used to picking up running backs but will soon be picking up fares as Miami Dolphins defensive tackle AJ Francis takes up a second job as an Uber taxi driver. The 6ft 5in, 330lb NFL player is a regular user of the taxi app and yesterday told fans that he had sent them a job application, explaining 'it would be a cool way to get some extra cash'.
Boko Haram releases first images since pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official ISIS releases, suggesting the Middle East-based militants have taken full control of Boko Haram propaganda.
Albert Davison's ex-wife claims he avoided £1m tax bill by dying. Penny Ann Davison, 59, has launched a bid for a bigger slice of his legacy, claiming his death has freed up more of his cash by allowing him to avoid a huge tax bill. Mr Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses.
Shocking dash cam footage emerged last week which showed Marana police officer Michael Rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia. The video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero. Valencia was rushed to University of Arizona Medical Center in serious condition following the crash outside a self storage facility.
Zoo in Ohio celebrates'miracle' birth of three rare Amur tiger cubs after mother's biological clock stops ticking. Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived. However, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. The baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5lbs but they're set to grow to a heftier 650lbs.
Hillary Clinton's newborn presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. State Department. On a day when a new Quinnipiac University poll found only 38 per cent of Americans believe she is honest and trustworthy, the leading Democratic Party candidate for president has a mess to clean up. Part of it will involve the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments.
Brendan Cordina resigned himself to the fact that his beloved World War II medals were gone forever. But on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum.'
Evnika Saadvakass, from Kazakhstan, became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month. The unidentified victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams. West Yorkshire police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, based on the victim's description. Detective Superintendent Nick Wallen said: 'We believe this new image is the most realistic likeness we have yet had of the man
Indiana University student has 'evil twin sister growing' in her brain. Yamini Karanam, 26, a student at Indiana University, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour after noticing she was struggling to comprehend things she had read, and felt lost in conversations. Surgeons operating on the 26-year-old discovered the growth, indicated just above the red dot above, was in fact a teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth.
Bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court. A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction.
Rebels bikie gang boss Alex Vella banned from Australia. Three Federal Court judges ruled that Vella, 61, be prohibited from returning after the government cancelled the Rebels president's visa while he was overseas in his native Malta last year. The decision strands Vella in Malta, leaving behind in Australia 24 close family members including a wife, sons and an elderly mother.
Google is already the world’s most popular phone software provider, and a pay-TV operator - and now it wants to be your mobile network carrier. The company has unveiled a U.S. wireless service that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks.
Secret Service failed to replace George H.W. Bush's alarm system for more than a year. The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December for it to be installed - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm at their home for 15 months. It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle'.
Three men arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef Claudia Lawrence. Claudia Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009. Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work in the canteen of the University of York for her 6am shift.
Global warming hasn't happened as fast as expected, according to a new study based on 1,000 years of temperature records. The research claims that natural variability in surface temperatures over the course of a decade can account for increases and dips in warming rates. But it adds that these so-called 'climate wiggles' could also, in the future, cause our planet to warm up much faster than anticipated.
Record number of rapes and other sex crimes recorded by police last year. A surge in the number of sex attacks reported to police has fuelled the first rise in recorded crime for more than a decade. Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded last year, an increase of 2 per cent from 2013, figures released yesterday revealed. Rapes at knifepoint were up by 31 per cent to 311 attacks and there were 53,559 other sexual offences recorded.
Air crash report blames passenger for coughing into headset. A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing 'incessantly' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory which caused him to forget to put the landing gear down, an air crash report has found. The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing' on December 12, 2014 at Jabiru Airport, southeast of Darwin.
Pregnant woman who was fired from Popeyes after robber made off with $400 offered job back. Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at gunpoint at a Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31. She was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen, with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till.
Kate Middleton's top tips for caring for two kids under two. She may have all the help that money can buy - but for The Duchess of Cambridge, the prospect of having two children under the age of two will still be a huge challenge. Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days - providing a little brother or sister to Prince George.
Auschwitz is becoming a popular tourist destination - so popular in fact, that they may have to start turning people away. The memorial site today urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to prevent that from happening.
Ben Thurlow attacked emergency worker Rebecca Hudson while she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted on a night out in Driffield. The 23-year-old, who was suffering from a suspected concussion, shoved Ms Hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance where he was being treated.
Carrie Carrie Reichert, 43, who has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show, has now written a book about the night. In an excerpt from the upcoming In the Eye of the Royal Story, she says she couldn't help but notice how 'adorably cute his naked a** was', The Sun reported.
Barclays shareholders vented frustration at the generous pay packages handed to hundreds of its top traders yesterday – with one investor asking: ‘What has their “talent” ever done for us?’ The scandal-hit lender faced a barrage of criticism from long-suffering investors, many of them pensioners, at its annual general meeting.
Gareth Blanks, 31, was walking home after buying a chocolate bar when he was approached by a group of three men and one woman at around 8.30pm on April 17. He was taunted by the group before snatching the hat from his head. When he tried to retrieve the garment, he was pushed to the ground, and one of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, and Henry Rogers, 22, both admit that when they were in their teens, their self-esteem was at rock bottom. Jamie, from Essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday and was so self-conscious he would hardly ever pose for photos. Henry, from Ealing, reached eighteen stone at his heaviest.
Why are these cities called 'The Big Apple' and 'The Old Smoke'?. Flights company Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world, finding out the real stories behind each and every one of them to produce a handy infographic. The history of Philadelphia is recognised by its nickname of 'The City Of Brotherly Love'.
Mobile X-ray scanner that can scan entire planes for contraband, bombs and weapons. Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside. The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb.
Tesco.uk. Tesco is under pressure to axe 200 stores — on top of 100 already closed or cancelled — after the supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion.
Father-of-three and popular radio host killed in hit-and-run. Wesley Burton, who worked at KPFA, was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury. The crash occurred near the Berkeley-Oakland city line.
Fashion-conscious militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by Nike. The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear.
Swedish cops put their New York City vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a Manhattan subway train last night. The friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway, DNA Info reports, and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train.
Nick Nick Clegg's wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez today claimed right-wing Tories probably want to kick her out of the country. The Spanish lawyer said she had been'religiously paying taxes' in the UK for 10 years and would like to be able to vote in the election.
Bulgaria might not be the first hotspot that springs to mind for a summer holiday – but that could change after it was named Europe's cheapest destination yesterday. Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink, according to a study.
Bodycam footage released this week shows a police officer in Sand Springs, Oklahoma, fatally shooting a man. The video shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett.
The Shepherd’s Life: A Tale of the Lake District. by James Rebanks. (Allen Lane £16.99) When, in 2002, my family and I moved from busy North London to bucolic north Herefordshire, we found that our new neighbours were, overwhelmingly, sheep.
Three new women accuse Bill Cosby of sexual assault. Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles, California, to announce their claims. Their attorney Gloria Allred, who represents most of Cosby's accusers, said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour.
Missoula, Montana, best known for its university and its inhabitants' fierce love of football, has been branded in the media America's Rape Capital. Now bestselling author Jon Krakauer has made it the subject of his new book documenting the explosive allegations.
Chelsea Chelsea Clinton issued a pointed defense of her family foundation on Thursday after allegations surfaced that it reaped millions from foreign countries that had issues pending before her mother when she was secretary of state. 'What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent' in the wake of the scandalous claims, said Chelsea, the philanthropy's vice chair, 'even though Transparency International and others have said we're among the most transparent of foundations.'
HowDNP came to be used as a diet pill, and why it the chemical is so dangerous. This week, a 21-year-old university student died after taking a lethal dose of diet pills.
Bike Washing Machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising. Chinese designers have developed an contraption called the Bike washing machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel. When ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside.
Man caught smuggling $30,000 worth of cocaine in sneakers at JFK airport. A man was caught allegedly trying to smuggle two pounds of cocaine worth $30k in pairs of sneakers from Guyana to JFK airport earlier this month. The total weight of cocaine seized was approximately 2 lbs and the street value is an estimated $30K.
Calf born with FIVE mouths - believed to be the most ever seen on a calf. The strange-looking baby opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders. But he can only take in milk through two of his mouths. He is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born, in Narnaul, northern India.
The Residence: Inside The Private World Of The White House. by Kate Andersen Brower. (Harper £18.99).
Mother-of-one Aimee Craven, 32, removed from a train and taken away in a police van because she took home a clothes horse she had found 'abandoned' in a carriage. She claimed the Tesco product worth £20 and taken it home after spotting it on a train the previous week - because she thought it had been left by its owner. But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track down the 32-year-old care worker before taking her off a train as she travelled to work in Brough.
Patriotic countrymen and women turn out in their finest red and white today to enjoy St George's Day celebrations in the sunshine. Veteran parades and Morris men were seen across the country.
Woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court Wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense. Brett Robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct, on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year.
LabourAll three of the main parties’ education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school. Tristram Hunt, Labour’s shadow education secretary, was asked if it was acceptable for an Education Secretary to send their child private.
Down syndrome girl with Down syndrome is every bit a princess when she visits Disney World. Jacksonville, Florida Photographer Kristina Bewly took her 4-year-old daughter Giselle to the Florida theme park for the first time last September and they have been returning every month since. Each time the family visits, Gisela puts on a new princess bought by her mother Kristina.
St George's Day: Ukip insist St George would have been welcomed to Britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer. He was a foreigner born in Turkey. But Nigel Farage's Ukip has insisted St George, the patron saint of England's patron saint, would be welcomed to the country.
Body of dead sperm whale covered in graffiti spelling out the name of a Bay Area motorcycle gang. The body of a 50-foot sperm whale that washed up on Pacifica State Beach in California last week was tagged with the name 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' before the tide came in. The name was erased by Wednesday's high tide, NBC Bay Area reported.
Mourners hold candle-lit vigils to remember 900 migrants who died when their boat capsized en route to Europe from Libya this weekend. The deadliest migrant tragedy on the Mediterranean so far took this year's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800. It came as three other people died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes.
The drill that was used by thieves during the brazen £60million Hatton Garden heist. The six men were captured on CCTV as they carried out the bold raid in London's diamond district. They used the drill to cut through a concrete wall into the bank's strongroom, where they ransacked security vaults.
Parma, Missouri, police officials reveal real reasons they quit. Two former police officials who quit their jobs in Parma have revealed what they say are the reasons they stepped down. A black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over Randall Ramsey.
Hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster. Photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released, with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, tipped the scales at 20 stone when she overheard the young bus passenger ask his mum: 'Has she got a baby in her belly?' The embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six, from Stoke-on-Trent, mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle and shed the pounds, slimming down to a healthier 12.5st.
Bill Gates, the billionaire founder of Microsoft and philanthropist, has said it may in fact be possible to keep eating meat and still care for the planet. Scientists have already cooked up the first test tube beef burger, but now researchers in Israel are working on the world's first lab-grown chicken.
Is Is this Britain's most expensive handbag?. If you had £140,000 to splurge, would you splash out on an Aston Martin DB9 Volante or maybe even a three-bedroom detached house in Nottingham?
Wine producers fight new EU rules on calorie count on labels because it will reveal that a bottle of red has the same as six digestives. The European Parliament is set to vote to close the current loophole, which sees all alcoholic drinks exempt from having to reveal nutritional value on their labels, next week. However, European winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs, and hit smaller vineyards.
Rosie the Riveter poster girl who became a symbol of feminist power dies aged 92. Mary Doyle Keefe, the telephone operator who inspired millions, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness, her family said. She was 92.
Paul Armstrong, 26, of Sunderland, flew to Cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an IT project manager. But after a spending spree on the trip, Armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch, extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage.
BBC has been accused of launching a Left-wing stitch-up on David Cameron after the Conservative party leader was repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on Radio 1. Host Chris Smith was also accused of being hostile towards the Prime Minister, at one point offering to bet £1,000 that he would not win a majority.
Adam Gadahn, a former Little Leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for Osama bin Laden, was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman. He converted to Islam at the age of 17.
George Osborne warns of 'constitutional crisis' if SNP takes power. Every family in the country will be left £350 worse off if the SNP is left calling the shots in a Labour government, George Osborne claimed today. The Chancellor warned of a 'dangerous cocktail' if Ed Miliband is at the mercy of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face a firing squad within days after Indonesian officials sent letters ordering that preparations be made for their executions. The Indonesian Attorney-General's spokesman, Tony Spontana, said the only thing left after this is to announce the execution date. The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island on Saturday.
Rand Paul was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car, according to police. Some people nearby heard the crash and alerted authorities. Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck, reported Kentucky.com.
How can you best ensure your offspring rides the exam storm and comes out the other end feeling happy and achieving what they'd hoped for?.
E4 to shut down for 12 hours on election day to encourage more youngsters to vote. The TV channel E4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers, reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month – ahead of BBC2 and Channel 5. Its regular schedule will be suspended from 7am, when polls open, to 7pm, three hours before polling closes, when the channel will return to normal with Hollyoaks. It will also include special election-themed episodes of Gogglebox and The Last Leg.
Welsh GP is the only doctor available across two rural practices in North Wales. Dr Arfon Williams, who is based at Ty Doctor in Nefyn, Gwynedd, said he fears areas such as the Llŷn Peninsula in north Wales will become 'no-go' areas for young, aspiring GPs as none of them want to jump on a'sinking ship'. His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service.
Two suspected Australian terrorists arrested in Turkey. Counterterrorism agencies have arrested two suspected Australians in Turkey after they were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State. It happened a day after Turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement.
Firemen left to care for seriously ill patients for hours while they wait for an ambulance. Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid – yet they are being left to help seriously ill elderly patients. In one case earlier this year an elderly lady is feared to have died because she was left in the hands of fire crews.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter's birthday. Her mother Jan Jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday and they had poured a glass to toast the occasion.
Man hoists up minibus with tiny three-wheel scooter. The footage was taken at 10am on March 19 near the Erdun Port intersection in Yangzhou city, Jiangsu Province. The unidentified man is seen calmly driving alongside the pedestrian pavement while carrying a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny vehicle with strings. The silver minivan, also known as a 'bread vehicle' in China due to its resemblance to a load of bread, weighs around one ton.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980. But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial.
Second eruption of Chile's Calbuco volcano covers towns and villages in a thick layer of ash. The first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air, creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against the night's sky. A second spectacular blast from the Caluco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns in a layer of thick ash. Local authorities have evacuated 4,000 people away from the gas and ash contaminating the air.
This is the moment an aeroplane touched down on a runway without deploying its landing gear and skidded along the runway on its belly. Captured in Fort Pierce, Florida, the shocking footage shows the light general aviation aircraft approaching the Aero Acres residential airpark. Despite the fact the Aerostar plane travels at speed, its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation.
EU rules on organic farming that demands that fish are treated with homeopathic remedies. The directives, outlined in the 2009 European regulation on organic aquaculture, are set to be brought into national law in non-EU Norway, which has caused vets to see red. Section 7 of the regulations calls for organic farmers to use'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homoeopathic dilution', as their first port of call when their fish are ill.
Car-congested cities could become a thing of the past, provided people are prepared to ride-share with a robot driver. A new study claims these 'taxibots' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent. The study, by Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development used data from Lisbon in Portugal. By plugging the data into a computer model, they simulated how such self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, accused of causing the 2010 'flash crash' was making illicit trades back in 2009. US authorities suspected that a British man accused this week of making £26million from illegal trades over five years, including the 'Flash Crash' of May 2010, was manipulating the market on Wall Street. But analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken. Navinder Sarao was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory Chicago Mercantile Exchange, where he was making transactions.
Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana. The ruling clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans.
Who will be helping the Duchess as she gets to grips with life as a mother of two?.
Bikram yoga can raise heart rate and body temperature to dangerous levels. A new study has warned the practise, which involves performing 26 poses, can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels. A typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F), with 40 per cent humidity.
David Cameron looks exhausted as he steps off the sleeper train at Penzance ahead of Cornwall speech. The Prime Minister seemed as if he had had trouble sleeping on the eight-hour journey from London's Paddington station. His hair was unkempt.
£85 fine for staying too long in car park is not 'excessively high'. Barry Beavis launched a legal bid to overturn his fine, saying it was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable. But in a landmark ruling, appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable'.
White powdery substance sent to U.S. Rep. Mike Doyle's office causes temporary shutdown. A staff member in Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police. The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed.
Aeroplane seats of the future: New designs for economy and premium economy. Being crammed into cattle class is one of the most dreadful experiences for travellers, but aeroplane seat designs are poised to make it a little more enjoyable. But passengers shouldn't expect any instant relief – these seats with reclining backrests, innovative armrests and ergonomic designs are still a few years off – and there’s nothing they can do to stop a crying baby or noisy sleeper.
Nicholas Figueroa's mother Ana speaks out for the first time since her son died in a gas explosion on New York City's Second Avenue. The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings in New York's East Village were destroyed. 'Nobody's spoken to me, no one has called to give condolences.'
Astronomers believe the bright light in the sky that triggered the conversion of Paul the Apostle may have actually been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago. They say descriptions of Paul's experience - in which he was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light - match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013. The fireball measuring 18 meters across, screamed into Earth's atmosphere at 41,600 mph. Much of the meteor landed in a local lake called Chebarkul.
David Cameron: I know that when it comes to immigration, fears and worries remain. I am not one of those politicians who says they 'get' how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private. Sitting in the House of Commons from 2001, I had a ringside seat on Labour’s complete failure on immigration.
Belle Gibson sensationally admitted yesterday in a tell-all interview that she had made up her terminal brain cancer diagnosis. The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances, telling the Australian Women's Weekly, 'none of it's true'.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down. When she refused to pay the bodybuilder, from Leighton Buzzard in Bedfordshire, he mocked-up an escort website profile on Facebook and sent it to her mother and sister.
Woman who won $1million off scratch-off lottery ticket from friend plans to share with her friend's family. Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket. Her friend who gave it to her, however, has died since her birthday.
Hubble Space Telescope image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29, 20,000 light-years from Earth. In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars. Hubble captured the image using its Wide Field Camera 3, which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas around the stellar nursery using near-infrared light. The cluster is between six and 13 light-year across but only two million years old, and thus contains some of the hottest, brightest and most massive
The very English things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad - and you may be surprised by the origins of your favourite things. As Prime Minister David Cameron puts it, on St George’s Day we should ‘celebrate everything it is to be English’. But what does it mean to be British?
Size 16 student who used to fork out £5,000 a year on pizza drops four dress sizes. Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, who weighed 12-and-a-half stone, was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father: 'Boys don't fancy fat girls'..
Stacey Tipler ordered to pay back £28,737 to cancer hospital. Stacey (pictured) Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust which she spent on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding. But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot, were caught and both jailed last summer. At Southwark Crown Court today, Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme.
Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh. But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun. Figures from the Catholic Church show the number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. From a low of only seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade.
South Yorkshire Police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham. A host of failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013, an inquiry by the National Crime Agency (NCA) concluded. The NCA said the police force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of Eric Harris, who was killed during a botched sting on April 2. Since the incident there have been allegations Bates was not properly trained and it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior, he told them he could do whatever he wanted.
Half of us lie to our partners about our finances, study finds. Forty-five per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards. And 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances.
This incredible image was captured above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday as photographer Graeme Whipps picked up two meteors which were part of the Lyrid meteor shower. The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere, and is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour. A magnified version of the image above shows one meteor appearing to graze the horizon, while another meteor trail appears top left.
Candlestick Park torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center. The iconic sports field, completed in 1960 and home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers, has been torn down. In 55 years there were some remarkable moments thanks to the one of the greatest to every play football, the music of The Beatles, and one incredibly ill-times natural disaster.
One Direction star Louis Tomlinson appears to roll a joint in shocking new picture. Barefoot Louis Tomlinson perches on the edge of a sofa as he appears to roll a joint in a shocking new picture obtained by Daily Mail Online and seen here for the first time today. The image which shows the One Direction member poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper was taken on Wednesday amid 48 hours during which he has been seen partying hard. It is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after
Lyrid meteor shower: Photographers capture incredible pictures of the meteor shower above the UK last night. Photographers have captured some remarkable pictures of a meteor shower that has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour. And the cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you didn't last night. The Lyrids are so-called because they occur when Earth passes through debris left by Comet Thatcher, which orbits the solar system every 415 years.
Teacher was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico, when he made the chilling remark around a week ago. Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher, ABC7 reported.
Untrained home carers are putting the elderly and disabled ‘at risk of serious harm’ while giving medication, performing intimate procedures and looking after patients with dementia, warns a survey today. Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses.
Soldier who lost her entire front leg while clearing a Taliban compound on patrol in Afghanistan has a new home with one of the men she saved. This week, US Army Staf Sgt Julian McDonald, welcomed 4-year-old Layka, a Belgian Malinois, into his Columbus, Ohio home after fighting to adopt her for two years.
SBS reporter Ellie Laing hits back at claims she was hired for her beauty over her brains. While being white, blonde and an attractive Anglo-Saxon shouldn't ensue judgement, according to Ellie Laing, SBS news reporter, it does come with a barrage of unfair perceptions. In an article by The Australian written on Monday, Jim Carroll, the News and Current Affairs Director of SBS, was reported to be taking a more 'commercial' approach to the network by hiring 'good-looking, female, Anglo-Celtic' journalists.
Shopping at IKEA can cause serious friction between couples. A psychology expert has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture from the Scandinavian store chain can be a serious source of friction between a couple, thanks to the high levels of stress caused by both activities. 'The store literally becomes a map of a relationship nightmare,' Ramani Durvasula, a clinical psychologist in Santa Monica, California, told The Wall Street Journal.
Michael Brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, Darren Wilson, in a St. Louis suburb in August 2014. Wilson resigned in November.
Wikipedia official who accused Grant Shapps of doctoring his own biography exposed as a former Liberal Democrat. Richard Symonds, 29, who goes by the online name 'Chase me ladies, I'm the Cavalry', is one of the UK's top administrators for the website. He once described himself as 'Liberal Democrat to the last'..
Couple transform 600-year-old castle they bought for £65,000 into a luxurious home worth £700,000. Janet and John Brennan have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning Barholm Castle, in Dumfries and Galloway, from a ruin into a stylish castle home. They bought the 15th Century fort, reputed to have been used by leader of the Scottish Protestant Reformation John Knox as a hiding place, for just £65k. But now it is on the market for offers over £695,000 even though at that price the couple will lose a six-figure
From tackling ISIS to fighting in the Ukraine, these fascinating images show some of the women serving on the front line. The photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces.
Asian elephant rescued from muddy swamp in China. This video captures the dramatic struggle faced by villagers as they attempted to rescue an female elephant trapped in a treacherous muddy bog in southern China. The animal became stuck in the quagmire during the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation when locals came across her and raised the alarm. Using only ropes and wooden poles, more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant before she died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion.
Tories have accepted hundreds of thousands of pounds from a businessman whose company duped thousands of families in a mis-selling scandal. Multi-millionaire Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008 – including £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign, official records show.
Willa Junior sat down with ABC News for an interview, and says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13 and woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head. Since it was pitch black inside the cargo hold, Junior was at first confused and disoriented but then quickly realized that the plane was moving.
Samsung Galaxy S5 fingerprint scanner is vulnerable to hackers. The security researchers have found a way to intercept a person's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner, but before it becomes encrypted. Tao Wei and Yulong Zhang from security firm FireEye are expected to discuss their findings at this week's RSA conference.
Farmer Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure out in front of his property at Lake Charm, northwest of Victoria. The sculpture, made out of bales of compressed grass, depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull.
Brazilian island Ilha de Mana is tucked inside a picturesque bay and boasts chalets over the water, air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat, a heliport and a swimming pool carved into the rock - all from £2,500 ($3,750) a night. The private island, which is located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, boasts stunning surroundings. With coconut palms and other lush vegetation, the private island offers breathtaking views and thrilling activities.
Army officer and his wife racially abused guests at their own wedding reception. Jade and Aaron Badland asked an Asian family if they had Ebola and assaulted a Brazilian hotel employee, calling her a 'bloody foreigner'. The pair have been spared jail after a court heard that they were too drunk to remember what they had done at the Premier Inn at Stansted Airport.
Heroin dealer caught by undercover police because he has his initials tattooed on his forehead. Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug, which was hidden in a Kinder Egg, to the policeman in November 2013, a court was told. The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as Revins has 'P' and 'R' on either side of his forehead.
Breakthrough in the development of clean hydrogen power, scientists claim. Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention. It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel. It can be directly applied to various electrode surfaces in a straightforward and highly economical manner.
Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on Wednesday; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed Cessnock Road, which in the NSW Hunter Region. Her family and friend are in shock, with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet,'strong-willed' woman to stay at home.
David Cameron uses a selfie stick for the first time during visit to Cornwall. The Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance today, ahead of a speech in which he delivered his 'plan for Cornwall'. He was dressed very casually as he alighted the sleeper carriage after the eight-hour journey.
Hillsborough appeal: Man found after police release images of football fans who were pictured carrying the wounded on stretchers and tending to others at the 1989 Hillsborough disaster. One of the Hillsborough samaritans has come forward after an appeal was launched to identify fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch. The man was located after Operation Resolve launched the appeal on Thursday morning in the hope that the supporters might be able to supply crucial evidence for the ongoing inquest. Photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy were released, with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to
Labour Labour received more than £1 every second from trades unions in the second week of the election campaign, official figures revealed this morning. Unison general secretary Dave Prentis and the Unite chief Len McCluskey have boosted Labour’s election campaign with donations worth £400,000 between them.
Kate Upton has one of the best bodies in the world. The blonde supermodel's curves are so jaw-dropping that if you found yourself on the same beach as her, it would be tough not to gawp.
Husband awarded £9,000 in compensation after seeing wife swell up 'like Michelin man' after botched surgery at Liverpool Women's Hospital. In a case which could have huge financial consequences for the NHS, Julie Ronayne was awarded £160,000 after she was left 'looking like Michelin Man' following the bungled hysterectomy in 2008. Her husband Edward, who lives with Mrs Ronayne in Netherley, Liverpool, was awarded the money due to the nervous shock he suffered when he saw his wife's appearance.
U.Va. dean Nicole Eramo blasts Rolling Stone over retracted rape story. An associate dean of students at the University of Virginia said Wednesday a widely discredited Rolling Stone article caused her professional and personal harm by portraying her as insensitive and unresponsive to an alleged victim of a gang rape.
Fifi M. Maacaron, from Newport News, Virginia, created her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, not only to showcase that there are inexpensive alternatives to store-bought products, but also to explain many myths surrounding skincare. The 36-year-old author explains that the richness of the cheese will quench the skin and help protect it against weather-induced dryness.
Texas police officer throws woman to ground during arrest. Police in Texas are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing an intoxicated woman to the ground of a parking lot during an arrest. The officer, Ben Johnson, who has been on the force four years, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails at a strip mall in Red Rock on Tuesday.
Ted Ted Cruz and Ben Carson want the Clinton Foundation to return every dollar its received from foreign governments since it launched more than a decade ago. The bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United State's chief diplomat. The discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the State Department during Hillary's tenure.
Teenagers Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey, both 19 and from Chester, Cheshire, became close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time. They then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of Miss Williams' bald head and another of Miss Versey's chest scar - but these were reported for being 'offensive'.
Manhunt for paedophile who targeted toddler on bus. Stephen Munden, 54, described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire. Now officers have launched a manhunt to find Munden - who was detained under the Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl.
Immigration controls in Australia are so tough that asylum seekers are rejected on board naval warships at sea before being returned immediately, it emerged yesterday. Australian PM Tony Abbott says the EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean as they seek a new life in Europe. Australia has one of the toughest immigration policies in the developed world according to experts.
Student union bans white people and men from ‘diversity’ meeting. Bahar Mustafa, student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University in London, sparked anger when she banned men and white people from a 'diversity' meeting. The union eventually backed down after a backlash from students, one of whom described the exclusive policy as 'patronising beyond belief'.
Angelina Jolie’s oophorectomy cuts risk of dying from breast cancer by more than 60 per cent. A study indicates that following the example of the Hollywood star, pictured, cuts their risk of cancer death by up to 70 per cent. Miss Jolie, 39, had the procedure, known as an oophorctomy, in March. Two years before, she had a double mastectomy as she carries the BRCA1 gene variant.
President Obama jokes about 'deflategate' during White House speech. President Barack Obama invited the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday - but couldn't help but get one last joke in. The president opened his speech on the South Lawn by remarking that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the AFC Championship game were under-inflated. Obama also quipped that he wished Chicago could learn something from Boston's championship-winning ways.
Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number isn't stored in your contacts book. It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers.
Comcast is abandoning its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider, it was reported today. The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock.
The common ancestor of humans may have had tentacles, a scientist has claimed. Organisms that lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago, from which humans and other animals evolved, likely had flexible appendages and a complex nervous system. It seemingly puts to bed another theory that suggests our ancestors were much more simple, worm-like creatures. The latest research was conducted by Dr Elena Temereva from the Department of Invertebrate Zoology at the Faculty of Biology of the Lomonosov Moscow State University.
Bizarre pictures show models hugging and kissing giant brown bear as part of anti-hunting campaign. The photos, taken in a forest outside Moscow in Russia, show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging the 650kg bear, named Stephen. Organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting.
Ad Adoptive grandparents speak out after 2-year-old Adrian Langlais was beaten to death. Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-years-old Adopted grandparents John Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy.
Boris Johnson admits he hopes to be considered to lead the Conservative Party after David Cameron. The London Mayor, pressed on his leadership ambitions by Sky News anchor Kay Burley, insisted the position would not become vacant for five years. But in his most candid remarks to date, he finally conceded: 'It would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position.
Nasa claims we'll find aliens in the next 10 to 20 years – and now the agency is revving up its efforts to track them down. The group has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable.
Top 10 most expensive airports for private jet landing fees. It is a problem the average traveller doesn't often have to deal with. But for those lucky few who travel the world by private jet, the landing fees charged at airports can differ dramatically, with some surprising hubs asking for the highest fees.
Baby elephant seal cuddles up to Canadian tourist. Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula as part of an expedition when she made an unusual friend on the beach. Despite being no more than two months old, the elephant seal pup is still thought to have weighed around 200lbs, and Ms Fritz had a struggle sitting upright.
Spain's King Felipe and Queen Letizia put on a united front today, as they stepped out for the first time since explosive new claims about the 47-year-old monarch's father emerged. According to a new book by a former royal correspondent, the former King Juan Carlos II had a long-running affair with a German socialite during the final decade of his reign.
Collette Dinnigan puts Paddington home on the market. The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost $4.45 million back in 2009, and is set to go under the hammer on May 23. After purchasing a lavish $6.5 million Watsons Bay property just last month with husband Bradley Cocks, the fashionista and her husband are hoping for a cool $6 million when the lavishly renovated property sells. The prestige dual-level residence also boasts a deep front courtyard.
Woman forces elderly man to kneel in the street after he knocks her phone out of her hand. The video, filmed at an undisclosed location in China, sees the woman demand that the man pays compensation for her damaged phone as she slaps him in the middle of a busy road. Despite the elderly man promising to pay her back once he has the means to do so, she continues to berate him in front of witnesses, the People's Daily Online reports.
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am. He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning. His body was found Monday morning.
Unite boss Len McCluskey boasts that trade unions 'owns' Labour. Unite baron says trade unions ‘own’ the Labour party and its policies. We built it, to serve us’, he declared and went on to say: ‘These are our policies…they are now within our grasp.’.
Salisbury Cathedral From The Meadows: £6.95m mansion with view of John Constable's £23m painting. The Grade I listed Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close boasts a view of the River Avon, backing onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral. The property agents say they'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres, on the market now for £6. It's not cheap at £7million but whoever buys this exclusive Georgian mansion is buying more than just
Analysts from the Institute for Fiscal Studies said none of the major parties had given 'anything like full details' on how they will tackle the nations' debts after the election. The Tories were accused of giving 'no detail' about their deficit reduction plan, which relies on £30billion of cuts, while Labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year. The think-tank reached its conclusions after a detailed study of the party manifestos ahead of May's General Election. It accused Tory Chancellor George Osborne and his Labour opponent Ed Balls of failing to spell out exactly where the axe will
Amazon is trialling a scheme that could spell the end of waiting in for deliveries or collecting your parcels from a local locker. Select Prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot, or trunk, of their car without needing to be near the vehicle. The delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car to drop off the items at any time of the day.
Bruce Jenner greets Diane Sawyer at his home. ABC released a fourth promo video on Thursday on the eve of Bruce Jenner's sitdown interview with Diane Sawyer airing in which he is expected to talk about his gender transition. The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer.
Forgotten women who served as guards at Nazi death camps. As the world spotlight shines on a German courtroom in the trial of the 'Auschwitz bookkeeper' Oskar Groening, hidden in the shadows are the forgotten women who ruled the human slaughterhouse Auschwitz with an iron fist. Now, seven decades on and in the twilight of their lives, these former SS guards will go to their graves having escaped justice.
Cleveland's Variety Theater is silent. It was once the edgiest place in town, attracting the word's biggest bands to its iconic stage - but 30 years later it is silent. Now a photographer has captured a collection of eery images offering a fascinating glimpse into music history.
Nicola Sturgeon: 'A man would never get asked about clothes or hair or something else'. Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has hit out at people questioning why she doesn't have children – and claimed she would never be asked if she was a man. The SNP leader said her predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family.
R Ravi Beefnah, 34, parked his white Audi A5 - which is covered in red lettering - outside the entrance of the dealership in Chelmsford, Essex, in February as a warning to other buyers. Two months later and Mr Beefnah's protest is still there, with the owner claiming that Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car.
Italian politician Stefania La Greca denies using her looks to get votes. The relatively unknown Stefania La Greca was suddenly catapulted into the limelight after the sexy shots of the Lega Sud Ausoni party candidate went viral. But the 36-year-old, who is hoping to represent Caldoro in Campania, southern Italy after May's regional elections, defended her photographs. She said the snaps were not an attempt to boost her election campaign.
Australian women are paying more than men for the same everyday consumer goods. Since campaigning group GetUp launched The Gender Price Gap website last week, members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more. Bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits, advertising a button-up shirt, that comes in both'summer blue' and 'blue denim' colour options, on their Australian website for $59.95.
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, of Havant, Hampshire, was accused of urinating into the ice machine at the Hard Rock Hotel in the Universal theme park resort in the early hours of Tuesday. A guest reportedly told a security guard at the luxury hotel that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months through replacing pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables. She quit her corporate job and began working from home. But while she was running the website and sharing healthy recipes with her readers, secretly she wasn’t practising what she preached. As the months ticked by, she piled on the pounds.
British ISIS fighter Omar Hussain complains about fellow jihadis fleeing the frontline then boasting of their bravery on Twitter while posing with their weapons. Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called Islamic State under the name Abu Sa'eed Al-Britani. Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes.
'I was just thinking "I hope I land somewhere soft and don't break any bones".'. This is the terrifying moment that one wrong move sent a climber tumbling 10 metres down an icy cliff face. Karlis Bardelis, 30, from Latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse Scott working on his car in their garage in Saratoga Springs, Utah. While she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest.
Maurice Van Ryn's wife Louise has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls. The wife of paedophile and former Bega Cheese CEO Maurice van Ryn (pictured) has been seen in her backyard, lawyer Francois Salama told the NSW Supreme Court on Thursday morning. 'She's concerned for her safety.'
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons - and people who've had them can't stop singing their praises. Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment, which costs around $150 (£100) and uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin, is currently available in New York. The 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and an extraction to remove blackheads and dead skin. This process is followed by a mask packed with hyaluronic acid and a serum with foreskin extracts.
Boy, 11, who suffers from rare skin allergy is racially abused in the street because of the brown suncream he has to wear. James Creag, from Salford in Greater Manchester, is so sick of being taunted that he has stopped putting on the special cream - meaning that it is not safe for him to go outside. He suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria, whose victims are nicknamed'real-life vampires' because their skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight.
MeMeghan Blalock, Managing Editor of popular style website Who What Wear, is the first to admit that things can get carried away. In a new article published on her website, the 29-year-old editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin.
Pete Evans is under attack again with experts warning his'reworked' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies. Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in Evans' cookbook, Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way, for New Mums, Babies and Toddlers, because it contains almost five times the maximum vitamin A dose for a baby.
Lena Dunham encourages girls to be themselves. When it comes to personal style and individuality, self-proclaimed 'weirdo' Lena Dunham is something of an expert – and now, she’s encouraging young girls around the world to let their freak flags fly, and to follow their passions without conforming to the opinions of any ‘insecure’ critics. The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled 'Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life'.
Neanderthals lived alongside predators in a cave in Spain. The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there. While some of the bones may have been brought there by the Neanderthal themselves, it seems they were also sharing the cave with these other predators.
Travel photographer Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business, launching a website called 'In Bed With'. Travelling the world to review and photograph the most luxurious accommodations, the avid Instagrammer has turned the success of her social media success into a growing company.
David Cameron's Tories open up four-point lead over Labour with millions of voters yet to make up their minds about how to vote in the tightest election race since 1992. An exclusive poll by ComRes for the Daily Mail and ITV News shows that David Cameron’s party, on 36 per cent of the vote, has moved ahead in the last fortnight as Labour, the Liberal Democrats and Ukip have all slipped. The Tory vote share equals their highest since March 2012. Labour is on 32 per cent.
Model Jennifer Sky reveals she was asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags. Europe's controversial new laws banning ultra-thin models from strutting down the catwalk may be doing more harm than good as models are reportedly going to extreme measures to ensure they clock in at a 'healthy' weight when they hop on the scale. Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has revealed that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations, explaining that thin models are now resorting to wearing weighted Spanx in order to cheat the new BMI standards.
John Moore wins Sony World Photography Award for Ebola images. A series of images showing the heartbreak, brutality and horror of the Ebola virus as it tore through West African communities has taken the top prize at the world's largest international photography competition. American John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed and families decimated by the deadly disease.
French backpackers who filmed themselves torching a native Australian quokka have been released from prison. Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty.
Police in Texas unleashed their cowboy skills this week after a pony broke loose on the highway. Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal.
David Petraeus avoids jail time for leaking classified material to mistress. Disgraced former CIA Director David Petraeus will not go to jail for giving his mistress classified material while she was working on a book about him, a judge ruled today. He was also fined $100,000 - more than double the $40,000 his attorneys had requested.
Bing Bingo hall toilets have tested positive for traces of Class A drugs. Out of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine, while another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked, a newspaper investigation revealed.
Janet Street-Porter's list of the things that are making her unhappy. In the face of an increasing number of surveys claiming to reveal what makes us most happy, Janet Street Porter reveals her list of what makes her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day!.
Adele Adkins, 26, is Britain's richest young musician. Bringing her fortune to a total of £50million, the singer has retained her place at the top of the list of Britain’s richest musicians under the age of 30. Sam Smith, 22, is a new entry with £12million, placing him on par with Florence Welch, 28, and the pairing of Arctic Monkey's guitarist Jamie Cook, 29.
Man who escaped from North Carolina prison turns himself in. Frail and tired of leading a secret life for four decades, 66-year-old Clarence David Moore called police this week to surrender. The deputy who answered thought it was a prank.
ISIS have brutally stoned two gay men to death only seconds after they were photographed embracing and 'forgiving' them. The shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis.
Boy, 14, charged with plotting Anzac Day attack in Australia. The teenager from Blackburn, Lancashire, who cannot be named but is thought to be the youngest person charged with Islamist-related terror offences in the UK, was arrested last weekend. He is said to have incited an Australian teenager, Sevdet Besim, to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a 'Lee Rigby style' massacre during a ceremony for fallen soldiers.
Chris Christie calls out Jimmy Fallon for weight jokes. Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and wasted no time calling out the host for the weight jokes made about him on the program. After Fallon told Governor Christie he 'looked great,' the New Jersey politician asked him; 'If I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?'.
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in Handsworth, Birmingham. However, it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands. Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera, but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it.
Woman who was so immobile she needed her husband's help to go to the toilet reveals how he prevented her from losing weight. Despite being morbidly obese, Bettie Jo, from Houston, Texas, lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce, and was unable to care for herself, meaning Josh had to do everything for her. But Josh has admitted he didn't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight because he feared if she became slimmer, she wouldn't need him anymore.
Curtis Stone’s image has always been of the affable Aussie who loves to cook, but when it comes to his kids there's some food that he just won't allow them to eat no matter what. The celebrity chef, who lives in Los Angeles with his actress wife Lindsay Price and their two boys, Hudson aged three and seven-month-old Emerson, is not about to let junk food pass their mouths.
Documented and undocumented immigrant population in the United States could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years, according to U.S. Census figures. And by 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country.
Natural World Safaris launches 'Ultimate Safari'. To mark its 10th anniversary, natural world safaris has launched a new series of ‘Ultimate Safari’ adventures. Divided into four areas: Primates, Bears, Big Cats and Marine Life, the safari can be taken separately, but also as an epic world tour over 203 days, taking in 21 destinations. The adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world's most elusive and enchanting wildlife.
Plus-size industry speaks out against Jamelia Porter's 'unhealthy lifestyles' comments. Critics and the public have spoken out after Jamelia said that obese women'should feel uncomfortable' about their unhealthy size, and that high street stores should not be catering for them. The panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show.
Cosmic rays constantly bombard Earth’s atmosphere, and there have been some suggestions they could even trigger lightning. But this particular experiment observed how cosmic rays were affected by lightning as they passed through it - providing information on the electrical field of a given storm.
Prosecco: Why we’ve developed such a taste for Italian sparkling wine. Residents and tourists in Venice have for years delighted in their local, laid-back fizz. But here in Britain prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne. Now, however, it seems our tastes are taking an Italian turn.
Nurse who raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic was reported to hospital five years before he was convicted. Andrew Hutchinson, 29, was convicted of 23 separate charges last month including making indecent images of children, outraging public decency and voyeurism. He was taken into custody at Oxford Crown Court and is due to be sentenced next week. In 2009 a student nurse reported him as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital. But the hospital didn't report it to police.
Ident Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from. Researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins.
Carl Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month. He smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm.
Former Wisconsin sheriff's deputy with Lou Gehrig's disease found not criminally responsible for killing wife and sister-in-law. Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, and her sister, 38-year-old Kacee Tollefsbol of Lake Elmo, Minnesota. The couple, pictured, had two children, and had been together for 26 years.
Five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since the Charlie Hebdo massacre in January, the country's Prime Minister Manuel Valls said today. His chilling words follow the arrest of a 24-year-old student who was allegedly preparing to storm Catholic churches.
Alison Saunders, the Director of Public Prosecutions, said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge because she is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia. And in her first interview since she announced Lord Janner would not face trial she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'.
Hillary Clinton's charities refiling tax returns after errors. The charities' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments, or in other instances, omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue, the charities confirmed to Reuters, which uncovered the mistakes.
Chile volcano erupts for the first time in more than 40 years. Volcano Calbuco, in the country's south, is believed to be among the three most dangerous of Chile's 90 active volcanoes, but was not under any special observation before it suddenly sprung into life at around 6pm local time. An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption.
Mother of Stephanie Scott's accused killer Anika Stanford helps police with murder investigation. The mother of accused killer Vincent Stanford is helping detectives investigating the death of beloved teacher Stephanie Scott, who was buried in an emotional funeral service on Wednesday. Wearing a striped grey shirt and black pants with a orange backpack flung over one shoulder, Anika arrived at Leeton Police Station on Thursday morning to meet with police officers. She left 45 minutes later with a detective in a silver sedan and was taken back to the home she shared with her son, Vincent, and another son, Luke.
Iowa politician who had sex with dementia-suffering wife found not guilty. Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife Donna Lou (pictured) at her nursing home in Garner, Iowa, despite being told her dementia and Alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to decide for herself. The farmer was emotional as the not guilty verdict was read out at the Hancock County courtroom. Had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
DJ Pete Tong to host Ibiza-style dance party at Royal Albert Hall. This year's Proms will include a late-night concert hosted by Pete Tong, who will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music'. The DJ's selection is the latest bizarre choice for the Proms.
More than a dozen areas in the US have been shaken by small earthquakes triggered by oil and gas drilling, according to a government report released today. The man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas. Earthquakes, they said, were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas.
Greece warned it will go bankrupt next week after failing to stump up enough cash to pay millions of public sector workers and its international debts.Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas set alarm bells ringing yesterday when he declared the country had been 'running on empty' since February.With a debt repayment deadline looming on May 1, Greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a €200m payment to the International Monetary Fund.
Man, 60, flies 6,000 miles from Vancouver to Shenzhen, South China and turns himself into a walking billboard in a desperate bid to track down his online 'lover'. Canadian Jake Malone met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago, who according to her online profile lives in Shenzhen and owns a clothing company. She contacted Mr Malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit - but after turning up at her company's address, he discovered the office had been closed for years.
Girl, 5, who vanished on her fifth birthday while playing at Texas marina found dead. Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday but when he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said. Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl.
Recycling gone too far? US alcohol regulators have approved plans for beer brewed from human waste. We've had an ale made from yeast grown in beard hair, a beer that features barley from the International Space Station, and a 67.5 per cent alcohol brew that comes with a warning tag.
Labour candidate Darren Jones faints seconds before live TV debate. Darren Jones, who is standing for Bristol North West, was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs on Made in Bristol's programme, Decision Made. The 28-year-old approached presenter Ellie Pitt, taking off his glasses before collapsing in front of the studio audience seconds before they were due to go on air.
Man, 56, arrested after 15-year-old girl found hidden camera in her bathroom. A Pennsylvania man was arrested after allegedly sexually abusing a girl in her home over a four-year period and filming the girl, now 15, and others with a camera in a bathroom. Kevin Rebbie (pictured) faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy, the Montgomery County District Attorney's Office said.
Phone thief took a selfie before stealing a model he preferred - only to be caught when police identified him from the photo. Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk, southern Russia when he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top. But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security.
Boy, 10, nearly dies after suffering a cardiac arrest in school playground. Koby Hodder's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed while running around with friends during the morning break. He was playing British Bulldog – a game in which children run from one side of a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ‘bulldogs’.
Christie's Magnificent Jewels auction to raise £53m. Anyone attending the Christie's magnificent jewels auction next month might want to bring a pair of sunglasses with them. The array of glittering precious stones on display at the event in Geneva on May 13 is blinding. It includes a pink diamond worth £8million, a sapphire worth £2.7million and a pair.
Mother-of-two who lost her eye to skin cancer warns against wearing cheap sunglasses. Deborah Kane, from Tyldesley, Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain. The 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15 - where she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection.
JeremyJeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond today held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman - just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the BBC. The resignation marks another blow for the hugely-popular show, which has been marred by uncertainty since Clarkson was axed last month following a 'fracas' with a producer.
Designers have created before and after graphics of some of the most well known landscapes as we have never seen them before. The most popular cities in the world are often instantly recognisable thanks to their world-famous landmarks.
US land worth $23trillion. This United States may have been made for you and me, but America's diamond deserts and redwood forests could net a sizable amount of cash if we ever decided to sell it, according to a new study. Researchers estimated that land in the country, minus all the buildings, roads and trees on top of it, achieved its peak value of $26.2 trillion in in 2006 before sliding down three trillion dollars in three years. The study from William Larson paints the widest ever picture of how much the ground beneath our feet is actually worth.
East of England ambulance service reveals bizarre call outs. When emergency crews received a call saying'someone' had been knocked down by a car in Essex, they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue. But the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the 'victim' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in Epping Forest.
Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. There are dozens of safety rules when it comes to jet skiing. But all of those appeared to have sunk to the bottom of the ocean at a beach in Cancun, Mexico, as a new nail-biting video proves.
Wife of LA mayor shot in his home pleads not guilty to manslaughter. Lyvette Crespo, 43, entered the plea to a grand jury indictment. She was ordered held on $150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted.
Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad, 56, allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts. To the strains of the Spanish singer crooning on his iPhone, he is claimed to have asked her: 'Do you see me as a man or a surgeon?'.
U.S. Senate approves Loretta Lynch as next attorney general. Curiously absent from the final vote was Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch's nomination. He was the only member of the Senate who did not cast a vote.
Mehmet Oz has used his syndicated TV show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified foods. The celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics.
Andrea Andrea Yates' ex-husband has condemned the criminal process the killer was put through 14 years after she drowned their five children in the bathtub of their suburban Texas home. Russell 'Rusty' Yates, who has since remarried and has a son, slammed his ex-wife's murder trial, claiming it was the 'cruelest thing I have ever witnessed'.
Cardinal Francis George remembered as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion. He led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of Roman Catholic orthodoxy. George also didn't hesitate to speak his mind, even if it was unscripted.
Book review: Eye of the Beholder. by Laura J Snyder. (Head of Zeus, £25).
Anzac biscuit recipes: How do they stack up against the original?. FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic biscuit recipe, from sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw recipe.
'I love you' signs appear in Surrey village. Written in black marker pen this series of mysterious cardboard signs have appeared all over a Surrey village, with messages like 'please forgive me' and 'we need to talk.' They were first spotted by residents in the affluent village of Milford, near Godalming, on Tuesday morning and have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author and the reasons behind the contrite gesture. One read: 'Please forgive what I said please.' Another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the 'best day of my life.'
England could have a separate income tax rate to Scotland under radical new reforms which will be introduced within 100 days of a Tory election victory, David Cameron announced today. The Prime Minister pledged to deliver effective ‘home rule’ for England - giving MPs the same powers to set tax rates which have been agreed for Scotland following last year's independent referendum. Mr Cameron said in the interests of fairness English MPs must be given a veto on legislation that no longer applies in Scotland.
Native American extras walk off Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6. Native American actors appearing in the film left the set after they became offended by the script's jokes about their race and culture. It was so bad in fact that even the cultural adviser for the movie, which is filming in New Mexico, walked off the set.
California boy who was briefly kidnapped as he slept in family car is now suing police. Paul Guzman of Fairfield, California, took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife Suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after they reported their son missing. This after Suzanne refused to let the officers into their home, something Paul claims she was doing for their own safety.
Gaddafi's cousin blames western countries for migrant shipwreck. Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam, a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi’s cousin, said the ‘overwhelming chaos’ in Libya has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the Libyan armed forces in 2011. He said: ‘What happened in Libya, Syria and Iraq may extend everywhere... and will burn all the fingers that have participated in it.’.
Book claims Juan Carlos had an affair with German aristocrat. The bombshell allegation is that Juan Carlos was romancing Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he even contemplated divorcing his wife, Sofia, according to Final De Partida – or End Game – by Ana Romero, which sold out within 24 hours. The German woman, who is 27 years younger than Juan Carlos, was among those accompanying the monarch on the trip, which sparked outrage.
Police officer charged with leaking confidential information about fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his reporter girlfriend. Channel 7 Perth news reporter Monique Dirksz got the scoop on Cousins' arrest when she was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12.
John Hinckley Jr. dating woman he met at National Association for Mentally Ill meeting. John Hinckley, who still spends half of his days institutionalized after being found not guilty by reason of insanity for shooting President Ronald Reagan back in 1981, is said to have met the woman at a National Association for-the-Mentally Ill meeting. This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting President Reagan.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane. Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt Even after his 12th push-up, the fitness-enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down.
Porsche 911 Carrera crushed by builder's lorry. This was the heartbreaking sight a Porsche owner had to endure after crashing his pride and joy into a builder’s lorry.
Judge William C. Ryan wrote in a decision filed Wednesday that Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972. He was 30 years old at the time.
Oskar Groening: Bookkeeper of Auschwitz says he believed Jews were the 'enemy'. The former SS officer known as the Bookkeeper told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday during the third day of his trial that he did not expect Jews at Auschwitz to make it out alive. He is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. 'I couldn't imagine that' happening, former SS Sgt.
Cancer survivor given new tongue made out of skin from his arm. David Billing, 48, had to have part of his tongue removed after being diagnosed with mouth cancer, so doctors made him a new one - which still has hairs on it. He is now preparing to run the London Marathon to raise money for Cancer Research.
Rupert Brooke has long had a reputation as a 'young Apollo', a symbol of innocent youth who was cut down in his prime during the senseless slaughter of the First World War. But a new haul of previously unseen letters show that he was in fact a slightly caddish womaniser who had a string of affairs without ever settling down. The documents, brought to light for the first time thanks to a £430,000 grant, show Brooke's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously.
Sydney storm: Photoshop hoaxes: A waterfall gushing over the Harbour Bridge, a man surfing waves in front of the Opera House and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station are just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the Sydney storm. Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales’ worst storm in a decade, including an image of a family-sized trampoline caught on power lines. In Lewisham, a suburb in the Inner West of Sydney, an unlikely visitor was spotted in the flood water at the train station.
Assistant school principal who had sex with 18-year-old student gets four months prison and eight years probation. Mark Steven West, 32, who is married with a child, was sentenced Tuesday to four months in jail followed by 8 years probation after pleading guilty to the improper relationship while working at Spring High School in Spring, Texas. He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was feeling horny.
Dad uses drone to walk his eight-year-old daughter to school. Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
Deutsche Bank to pay $2.5 billion for LIBOR rigging. The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world, from at least 2003-2011 to boost their trading positions. Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails, telephone calls and electronic chats, the US said.
'Millions of tonnes' of e-waste dumped in Ghana because it costs less than recycling them in their countries of origin, campaigners claim. Millions of broken televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to African countries and dumped gigantic landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana, according to a shocking report by United Nations University. When massive containers arrive in Ghana and Nigeria, they are trucked to remote locations where the locals can buy the products directly without testing them to later sell in markets.
Dave Lee Travis to be awarded £4,000 from taxpayer to pay for taxi fares to court. Disgraced DJ Dave Lee (pictured arriving at court in 2013) has claimed that his indecent assault trials 'financially ruined' him, but he will still receive £4.000 from the taxpayer. He was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the Mrs Merton Show and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years.
The celebrities that have aged terribly. With rigorous grooming regimes and Instagram filters, it seems that some celebrities are on a constant mission to stay forever young - and succeeding. But whether it's through botched surgeries, poor lifestyles, stressful career lows or shattered relationships, certain stars have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries.
Gang of eight dug a 50m underground tunnel in an attempt to steal the ancient treasures inside a 1,400-year-old temple. The real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China at the start of February. The gang was just 20 metres away from breaching the Hua Pagoda when they were caught.
San Antonio cops slap Joan Cheever with $2,000 fine for feeding homeless. San Antonio city officials have messed with the wrong Texas chef. Attorney-turned-cook and activist Joan Cheever has spent the past decade feeding the homeless from the back of her charity food truck, until earlier this month she was slapped with a fine for her charitable efforts.
Brittney Griner and fiancee Glory Johnson arrested after fight at their Phoenix home. Phoenix Mercury standout player Brittney Griner and fiancee and fellow WNBA player Glory Johnson have been arrested following a fight at their Phoenix home. The 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but were later released. The pair announced their engagement late last summer and are expected to wed next month.
Six-year-old boy helps deliver baby brother at home. Ruben Blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night. Left with no time to get to the hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home - and Ruben assisted.
Michelle Carter, 18, looked glum as she appeared in court in New Bedford on Thursday accused of encouraging the death of Conrad Roy III, who gassed himself in his truck in Fairhaven last July. During the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of Bristol County, saying it's 'impossible' for Carter to receive a fair trial in the area.
House Benghazi panel calls Hillary Clinton to testify in public. The chairman of a House committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on Americans in Benghazi, Libya, on Thursday called former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton (pictured) to testify at a public hearing next month. The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server.
Two pupils have been suspended after schoolgirl's drink was spiked with highly corrosive hydrochloric acid during a science lesson. The teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment after she unwittingly downed the potentially lethal liquid at the specialist science college.
More than 200 people queued up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes at new Aldi store in Avlaston, Derbyshire. To mark opening day, the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors. Ivy Bacon, 20, was delighted to win the top prize. She said: 'It doesn't feel real, we never win anything'.
Hairdresser who ripped another woman's ear off with her teeth during argument at a hog roast party jailed. Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams who accused her of having an affair with her partner. Durham Crown Court heard how when Temple and her sister Louise Scollen went to leave the charity event at Dawdon Cricket Club in Seaham, County Durham the victim threw a drink over her. The three women got into a scuffle and Temple left the victim covered in blood after biting a chunk out of her ear.
Aaron Aaron Hernandez moved to maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts. Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013. Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
Florida postal carrier steered his small gyrocopter through protected Washington airspace for 30 miles to the U.S. Capitol, tracked by the nation's top security agencies, which feared harming tourists on the National Mall if they tried to shoot him down, senior lawmakers said Wednesday. Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the House Oversight committee, told reporters.
Robert Downey Jnr storms out of TV interview after being asked about his history of drug abuse. The actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with Channel 4 in London to promote his new film Avengers: Age of Ultron. He had been on good form when the exchange started.
Georgia Southern University mourns five nursing students killed in fiery crash. Thousands of sobbing students and teachers prayed and comforted one another on the campus Thursday night during an emotional memorial service for the five young women who were killed in a fiery crash. College juniors Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass, 21, of Leesburg, Abbie Deloach, 22, of Savannah, Catherine Pittman, 21 of Alpharetta and Caitlyn Baggett, 21, of Millen, perished early Wednesday morning on their way to school when a tractor-trailer plowed into traffic on Interstate 16 near Savannah.
Michael Brown, 18, was unarmed and walking in the street with a friend on August 9 when Wilson told them to move to the sidewalk. That led to a confrontation and a Wilson's squad shooting Brown after the confrontation inside Brown's car.
Nigerian Muslims throw 12 Christians overboard after Nigerian Christian prays for his life. When a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 African refugees across the Mediterranean began to sink, a Nigerian Christian prayed for his life in an innocent act that would end in the deaths of 12 fellow migrants. One of the Muslims on board the rickety craft ordered him to stop, saying: 'Here, we only pray to Allah.' When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned.
Jules Bianchi's father speaks out about his son's condition. The father of Jules, the Formula One driver who sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014, has spoken about the condition of his son. Philippe Bianchi explained to Nice-Matin, a newspaper in France, that the Marussia driver is still in a coma but is 'fighting fiercely'.
Steve Cotterill: Bristol City are on the verge of promotion and that’s only down to Steve and his investment. Where exactly would Bristol City be without their billionaire owner Steve Lansdown? Cotteril looked down at his feet, searching for the right answer.
Emmanuel Emmanuel Adebayor has no future at Spurs. Talks aimed at removing him from the wage bill are already underway.
Arturo Vidal scores from the spot to give Juventus the lead against Monaco in Champions League quarter-final first leg. In the end it took a searching ball from the cultured boot of Andrea Pirlo to settle this tie, a 70-yard pass that caught out Ricardo Carvalho for pace. This was far from a masterful performance by the Juventus midfielder.
Jay Dasilva: Chelsea's kids have been buoyed by Jose Mourinho's insistence on promoting young players at the club. Back in January 2012 Chelsea took three promising young boys, all brothers, from their home in Graham Gardens, Luton, after watching them beat the mighty Bayern Munich in a youth tournament. There was a bit of a fuss made of the move.
Scott Turner Schofield becomes first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera. Starting in May, Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful. It will mark the television acting debut of the actor, who is a performer, speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues.
Middlesbrough bounced back from defeat to Watford with a convincing 2-0 win over struggling Rotherham United. After losing by the same.
Roberto Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they've made his Champions League dream team. Not many players have experienced Champions League success on the same scale as former Real Madrid defender Roberto Carlos.
Ful Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage. The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons who replaced Felix Magath in September but has won only one of his last eight games.
Douglas Bader – who lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931 – was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg. It was there that the officer, who always made light of his disability and refused to even use a stick, was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape.
Model Leonie Granger jailed for 16 years for killing professional gambler Mehmet Hassan in 'pitiless and wicked' honey trap to steal his winnings. Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him flashing a roll of £50 notes at a casino in London's West End. The care assistant, from Gillingham, Kent, used her good looks to befriend the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants. But after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked
10 things we learned from the Premier League weekend. Sportsmail takes a look at 10 things from an entertaining weekend of Premier League fixtures, as well as intriguing statistics from the Football League. 1. Dick Advocaat might consider bringing in referee Anthony Taylor.
Eden Hazard was the toast of the English game as he carried off the PFA Player of the Year award. The 24-year-old Belgian has scored 18 goals across all competitions for his club this season.
Lionel Messi makes it 400 goals for Barcelona in 2-0 win over Valencia. Messi scored with the last kick and Luis Suarez scored with practically his first, putting Barcelona 1-0 up after just 56 seconds. Between the two strikes Claudio Bravo saved a Dani Parejo penalty.
War veteran Robert Clark's appeal to keep him in his own home reaches £10,000. Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer to look after Second World War veteran Mr Clark at his home in Burnt Oak, North London. This is despite the fact he had already used £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat by Morecambe. Awford, 42, has been in charge just over a year and won 20 of the 55 matches that he was in charge, Portsmouth are 14th in League Two.
'Human Harvest: China’s Organ Trafficking' will show how once researchers around the world - including human rights lawyer David Matas and former Canadian member of parliament David Kilgour - began to uncover the gory details, the true picture was soon uncovered. This despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are only a tiny number of people on the official donor register.
Five winter-window arrivals who have disappointed for their new employers. January, it is said, is a bad time to do business. Either prices are inflated or you’re picking up problem players other clubs don’t want.
Chelsea are planning a victory parade through the streets around Stamford Bridge should they stay on course to claim the Premier League title in May. Jose Mourinho's side are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table with six games of the current campaign remaining.
Radamel Falcao struggles to impose himself on the game at Stamford Bridge. There are moments when Radamel Falcao sets off on those delayed runs in the bright red shirt of Manchester United and it all comes flooding back. This could have been just the start.
Mike Ashley is not a football man. Earlier this month the tracksuit tycoon Mike Ashley agreed to buy a plot of land in Chelsea from the retailer John Lewis for somewhere in the region of £200million. The Clearings has been primed for redevelopment, with planning permission for 62 luxury flats, seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate Marlborough Primary School.
Philippe Coutinho: 'It's the ultimate honour' to speak to Brazil icon Pele. It was a moment that gave Coutinho 'the creeps' - standing in the players' lounge, awaiting the arrival of football royalty, he had nerves like never before. Not much flusters Coutinho, whom The Kop has christened O Magico (The Magician), but before Liverpool's tussle with Manchester United last month he and Lucas Leiva were given the chance to meet Brazil's most famous son.
Five things we learned after the two bitter rivals clashed again in Europe. Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night.
World War II veteran Bob Harding, 89, meets twin brothers obsessed with naval history. Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston, where Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler decades before, CBS reported. It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about Mr Harding on their first trip to Yorktown and the Patriot's Point museum.
Luka Modric could miss the rest of the season with knee injury. The Croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against Malaga on Saturday and tests on Sunday confirmed a sprained ligament in his right knee with a recovery time of between five and six weeks. The news comes as the club wait to assess the full extent of Gareth Bale's calf injury.
Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Cesc Fabregas the masked villain of the day. As Jose Mourinho led an angry touchline delegation in pursuit of fourth official Lee Mason, the entire section of Arsenal supporters who sit behind the visitors’ bench climbed to their feet to hurl their abuse. As they settled back into their seats, the rest of the Emirates Stadium exploded into verse about Mourinho, with advice as to where he should go.
Jose Mourinho hails John Terry's performance against Arsenal. Jose Mourinho praised John Terry’s performance as the Chelsea captain's best under him. Terry was at the heart of another impressive Chelsea defensive display as the Premier League leaders kept a clean sheet.
John Terry is the best defender of the season. The end-of-season awards will go to the best attacker but if there was a Defender of the Year, John Terry would clean up. Nobody else would get close.
Dougie Freedman on verge of new Nottingham Forest deal. Freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two-year deal to remain at Nottingham Forest. Freedman has stabilised Forest since he replaced cult hero Stuart Pearce.
Satelliteics reveal China has constructed an airstrip on a stretch of disputed territory in the South China Sea - and could be planning to build another. They reveal the country's rapid progress in constructing the runway on the contested Fiery Cross Reef which the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim.
China's leadership has hit back at U.S. President Barack Obama who condemned the country for constructing an artificial island in the disputed South China Sea. Only yesterday, Obama claimed Beijing was 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions'.
Man shot dead by police on live TV with another baby on the way. Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police.
World leaders mark centenary of World War One's Gallipoli landings. World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey's Dardanelles straits to mark the centenary of the catastrophic landings which claimed 140,000 lives during World War One. The invasion is widely considered a shambles as soldiers were sent aimlessly to their deaths in a bid to capture the city of Constantinople.
Faculty at Columbia University slam Dr Mehmet Oz's 'unsubstantiated medicine'. The eight staff wrote the op-ed for USA Today after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz, who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians. Those doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' on his syndicated talk show.
Bruce Jenner's second wife Linda Thompson praises ex-husband for being 'a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are'. She tweeted her message of support and pride just hours before Bruce's highly-anticipated sit down interview with Diane Sawyer is set to air on ABC. It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female.
Living near a congested road can increase the chance of developing dementia, research has found. Researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk. Exposure to small, sooty particles, mostly caused by traffic fumes and factory emissions, alters the structure of the brain, they said.
Zermatt bans selfies with St Bernard dogs. A picture posing with a St Bernard dog in front of the snowy peak of the Matterhorn must top the list for the ultimate Swiss souvenir. But that iconic photo opportunity has been consigned to history after a Swiss town banned selfies with the giant rescue dogs.
Wife Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their upscale Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011. Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children, despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being'mouthy'.
Jordan Brennan's mother slams lenient sentence. Speaking for the first time since Jordan Brennan was jailed for eight months for manslaughter, Kim reveals how her son was a 'cheeky chappy'.
World's happiest nations: Switzerland is the world's happiest nation thanks to healthy GDP figures, strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy. The list is dominated by European nations, particularly those in Scandinavia, and measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment, rather than wealth. Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place.
Business leaders blast David Cameron's 'disastrous Tory campaign. They expressed concerns over the negative tactics employed by the Conservative campaign ahead of the general election next month – which they believe have done little to discredit Ed Miliband. As it emerged that the Labour leader is now the bookies' favourite to be the next prime minister, a number of business leaders revealed they are worried David Cameron will lose the battle for Number 10.
ANZAC veteran's war medal found in Melbourne park. Fossicker Ashley Manzie was combing the park with his metal detector when he discovered a medal belonging to Frederick George Biddulph, who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915. Mr Manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum, which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton.
Mother of five-year-old mauled by pitbull cries every day for her daughter. Young Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne earlier this year, when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl. Left with deep gashes of up to 10cm, her mother Monique Douglas told Daily Mail Australia that not a day goes by that she cries for her daughter who has been left so traumatised that she is unable to play outside by herself.
New malaria vaccine could prevent millions of cases. Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the RTS,S vaccine. Tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-Saharan Africa.
Children as young as three are being asked to sign a contract pledging not to use transphobic language at school. The pledge is contained in a 'home-school agreement' which all children must sign before they start at Turnham Primary School in September.
Police horse vandalized with graffiti. The horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred. It was broad daylight, and somehow the person managed to spray Charlie without the handlers seeing.
Damon Clay, 17, was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping. He is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition.
Royal Mail to issue post boxes to mark 200 years since the birth of Anthony Trollope. Royal Mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years of post boxes. The limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of Trollope and his life, including the first post box design. The first boxes were erected in Jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain.
An entire herd of buffalo has been shot dead by law enforcement in upstate New York after they escaped from a farm. Around 15 animals ran away from their pen in Schodack in Rensselaer County on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River. They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City.
SNP will help make Ed Miliband Prime Minister even if Labour finish 40 seats behind the Tories at the general election, Nicola Sturgeon said last night. The Scottish First Minister said she would form an anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins on May 7.
Molly Parks was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked with a needle still in her arm. When police turned up on her father's door in Saco, Maine, he immediately knew they were there about Molly.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980, and on Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him. In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, which has been working to free Hanline since 1999, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it'.
Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is almost identical to Ferris Bueller's Day Off car that was famously destroyed in cult 1980s film. A stunning convertible Ferrari - which is nearly identical to the model driven in cult eighties classic film FERRIS BEEF'S DAY OFF - is expected to sell for £10million at auction. It is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick. The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of the best friend Cameron in the movie.
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor, who claims to be fighting with Islamic State in Syria, posted a video on YouTube in an attempt to incite violent acts in Australia and New Zealand during services commemorating Anzac Day's centenary. In the video, which has since been removed after 3 News notified authorities, Taylor instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer, and on April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight. But as she stated in her obituary; 'I was a survivor.'
Sarah Grimes drops lawsuit against daughter of Alabama football coach Nick Saban. Attorneys for plaintiff Sarah Grimes and for Kristen Saban would not say whether there had been a settlement of the lawsuit, which was set for trial in early August. Both Saban and Grimes pledged the Phi Mu sorority at the University of Alabama in 2009.
The secret to winning at Two Up, Australia's iconic game of chance. Scenes like these will be repeated across Australia on ANZAC Day this Saturday, heaving crowds of punters betting on the toss of coins in games of Two Up. Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance as the Martingale Betting Strategy.
Owl breeder gives his young owlets nail varnish. So far, a total of seven cute owlets born to two different mother's have been given the colourful makeovers at the centre in Kington, Herefordshire. Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them.
Apple launches its first smartwatch today - but anyone turning up to buy one in the high street will be disappointed. For although the Apple Watch is officially going on sale, none of its stores will have them in stock. Instead, consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
Rhiannon Langley, 24, is recovering from rhinoplasty at a Bangkok hotel. Lounging on a deckchair by the pool, soaking up the sun in a skimpy bikini, she is just like any other tourist on holiday in Thailand... except she's sporting two bruised eyes, swollen cheeks and a bandaged nose. The 24-year-old from Melbourne is recovering at a five-star hotel, part of the $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package.
Obama doubled down today on President Barack Obama's Earth Day message that climate change is 'a problem now' and knocked political figures who disagree with him as climate deniers and opportunists. 'The preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument,' press secretary Josh Earnest said today after he was asked about a Duke study that claimed the earth isn't heating up as quickly as expected.
Mick Schumacher Junior to make Formula 4 debut in Germany. The 16-year-son of Michael, the seven-time Formula One champion, is set to make his debut in the same sport this weekend. He will compete in the Formula 4 category, in what is regarded as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top. By doing so, he will follow in the footsteps of his father.
Spending an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine has been shown to improve children’s sight dramatically. Scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness, but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light while taking part in these activities. In China, where four teenagers in five are short-sighted, transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase pupils’ exposure to natural light.
Japanese women swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to cleanse the system internally to encourage clear, unblemished skin. Mahonia, which is also known as Oregon Mountain Grape, is a berry native to the Rocky Mountains that's been used by tribes for medicinal, food, and ceremonial needs for years.
Ohio Ohio woman who had abortion at 23 weeks speaks out. An Ohio woman has spoken out in a Reddit Q&A about why she and her Catholic husband made the painful decision to have a legal abortion at 23 weeks.
Government jobs are the most desired jobs in Australia. More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson. Virgin, the second-largest airline in the country, was reportedly handed the accolade.
Woman left with deformed breast after botched boob job abroad. Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage that ensued following a breast augmentation operation six years ago. 'It's horrible to look at and horrible to live with.'.
Soldiers Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, from Catterick Garrison in North Yorkshire, walked free from court yesterday despite inflicting a shocking beating on a helpless civilian. CCTV cameras captured the horrifying attack last April in which soldiers Shaun Smith (left, in black jeans), kicked and punched two men repeatedly near their barracks.
Sarina Aziz, 19-month-old girl, removed from flight from Israel to Luton. Ariella and Mark Aziz struggled to keep their daughter still after strapping her in the connector belt required for children under the age of two. As the aircraft taxied on the runway at Ben Gurion Airport in Israel, bound for Luton, Sarina became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents’ lap.
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations, to discover more of his grandfather, George William Thomson, a qualified dentist, who toiled for many hours on end as part of the New Zealand medical corps to mend broken bodies. He tells how having read excerpts from his "papa's" war diary, lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the World War One veteran.
This is the moment a heroic teenage Baskin Robbins employee in Washington punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register. Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun.
Poldark star Heida Reed claims obsession with Aidan Turner's body is sexist. Miss Reed, 27, who stars in the period drama as Elizabeth, said Turner, 31, was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female. She said: 'Of course it's nice for everyone involved that he's viewed as a sex symbol or very attractive man. But it's getting a little bit ridiculous'.
Young Youngstown State University student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters, which were hung on around campus earlier this week, after consulting with university officials. The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students.
Pedestrian Andrea McVeigh, 44, was sent crashing face-first into the concrete after being hit from behind by the rider. The cyclist fled the scene, chased by the 44-year-old's husband after she was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood. The social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead, as well as other facial and hand injuries.
Pringles Tortilla lips: Teenage girl shows off her new pout using a tube of crisps. The worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses to mirror Kylie Jenner's often voluptuous looking pout. In footage posted by Elihudi Justin Urassa, from Brighton, on Facebook that has been watched more than three million times, a young woman can be seen sucking on to the tube before removing it to reveal her pout... made of chips. In the video the girl is seen sucking onto the
Nigel Nigel Farage claims that he gets an ‘unbelievably’ positive welcome when he meets black people. He added that claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters – including internationally acclaimed rock stars and billionaires – from backing him publicly.
Kim Kardashian reveals she will be watching Bruce Jenner's Diane Sawyer interview. No one would talk about Bruce Jenner’s Friday tell-all interview with Diane Sawyer - not ex Kris, nor his daughters Kendall and Kylie or even Khloe and Kourtney - when they stopped by Craig's in West Hollywood on Thursday evening. But Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday.
Baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after Gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death. Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.
Vladmir Lenin's corpse looks better than the day he died. Vladmir Vladimir Lenin may have been dead for 90 years, but his corpse may look better than it did the day of his death. This is the claim made by his embalmers, who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary's body. They brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning, creating a science that has benefited real-world medical applications.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters. They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system.
Fatal crashes involving teenage drivers have dropped 55 per cent in the past decade, according to a U.S. report. Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in US fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people. New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities.
Man accused of murdering parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83, and dumping their bodies 150 miles in Nissan Micra loses car. Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents Bob (pictured), 90, in Swindon in July 2007 and then driven their bodies to Lincoln, where they used to live. But the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost, Bristol Crown Court was told. A man accused of killing his parents has lost the car he used to transport their bodies, a court has heard.
Iron Age fort built by the Picts as a look out post on top of a 20-foot-high sea stack has been uncovered on the coast of Scotland. The fort, which was found on the Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire, appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country. Archaeologists believe the stronghold, which would have been cut off from the land at high tide, may have been one of a number that lined the east coast. The Picts were a group of tribes who lived north of the Forth and Clyde during the Late Iron Age and
Tokyo playground has dangerously high levels of radiation. Soil underneath a slide at the park in the Toshima ward in the north-east of the Japanese capital, showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour. This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio recalls all of its frozen treats after listeria found in a sample of its ice creams. Jeni’s is the third largest ice cream manufacturer in the US and sells its products in 23 states. The recall includes all products bearing the brand name 'Jeni's.' The action follows a similar recall by Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries.
Guantanamo Bay detainee Shaker Aamer expected to be freed in June. In a development which will hearten his family, officials in Washington said the 48-year-old is likely to be released in the summer after 13 years in captivity without charge or trial. It came as the man appointed by President Barack Obama to speed up the closure of the notorious prison camp said there was 'no sound reason' for keeping the terror suspect locked up any longer.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, who worked at the exclusive Tower Hill school in Delaware, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in Wilmington in October 2013. One of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act.
12-year-old girl battling Leukemia kicked out of school for poor attendance. 'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan said tearfully. Last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private Catholic School, sent a letter to her dismissing her from the school for low attendance.
Charlene Wall Jeffs, 58, had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years, but she claims the church has 'become even more disturbing than it was under Warren' Lyle Jeffs has multiple wives within the sect - nine, according to reports - but Mrs Jeffs is legally married to him and has been since 1983. She claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014, and is now fighting to have her two youngest children, who still live with Mr Jeffs, returned to her.
Jess Jessa Duggar and Ben Seewald are expecting their first child. 19 Kids and Counting stars Jessa and Ben are both known for being incredibly fitness- and health-conscious.
BruceBruce Jenner has confirmed he started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with Kris Kardashian, who became his third wife. The 65-year-old told Diane Sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis, and had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine, shortly after winning the Olympic gold.
Disability badge holder who claimed he could only walk 200 metres ends up in court. Paul Gregory, 51, of Bedford, pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining a blue badge by misrepresenting his physical abilities. He was fined £795, ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work and pay a £60 victim surcharge.
Birmingham Airport could be rebranded 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S. to attract more tourists, but there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is. The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital - only ten minutes further away than Terminal 5 at Heathrow.
Ann Ann Summers unveils first bridal wear collection. Billed by the brand as 'perfect for every blushing bride', the lingerie and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude, and is not without a raunchy streak.
Steve Spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences amidst the floods. The animals’ owner, Sonia Sharrock, praised her ‘absolutely amazing’ brother-in-law, for his incredible feat, saying ‘I don’t know what I would have done without him and my sister’.
Minnesota men charged with trying to join the Islamic State have accused the FBI of paying an informant to set them up. On Thursday, there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs.
Photographer Martin Beck has snapped Captain America, Iron Man and the Green Lantern taking a step back from fighting crime and portrays how they are instead focusing on the struggles of getting through the week. Smoking, pregnant, covered in dirt and down-and-out - it's not how we pictured a superhero.
Cross-dressing robber who allegedly held up a northwest Melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun is in custody. This is the moment an unsuspecting shop assistant came face to face with a man dressed as a woman brandishing a fake firearm during a robbery in Watervale, Victoria. Wearing a blonde curly wig, red lipstick, a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat, the man allegedly robbed the Taylors Hill store last month, police say.
Sofia Abramovich hits back at people who have criticised her on Instagram saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity. Sofia, the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman, so it's little wonder that there are many people interested in her Instagram account. But having taken to the social networking site to share fun snaps of her life, the 18-year-old has found herself at the end of some cruel and unnecessary criticism.
An An obscure agreement struck by state governments in 1993 means the vast majority of Australians will not get a day off this Anzac weekend. Under the pact, no public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day falls on a Saturday, as it does this year.
Narrabeen house demolished in Sydney's Northern Beaches after super storm. It took a team of firefighters, police and engineers, but a house on Sydney's northern Beaches tragically damaged in the this week's destructive storm in NSW has finally been demolished. A house on NSW's northern beaches has been demolished after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday, endangering neighbouring houses and forcing locals to evacuate. 'I was thinking, god how is this thing not falling?' Fire and Rescue Superintendent Kel McNamara said.
UN urges Britain to crack down on tabloid newspapers inciting racial hatred after columnist for The Sun called migrants 'cockroaches'. The UN's rights chief has urged Britain to crackdown on tabloid newspaper articles that incite racial hatred. In a hard-hitting statement, UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins had used language similar to that employed by some Rwandan media outlets in the run-up to the 1994 genocide, and by Nazis in the 1930s.
How to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape - safely. Experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method.
Woman shot through the neck as she was driving down Colorado interstate. The unnamed 20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver, when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck. In a chilling 911 call from around 11pm Wednesday night, she told operators: 'I'm on the highway right now and somebody just hit me and I'm bleeding from my neck.'
'escort cards' from the 19th century. Long before mobile phones came along - allowing single men and women to flirt behind the comfort of a glowing screen - shy love-seekers of the late 19th Century had to resort to other tactics. Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers, which bear phrases such as: 'May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'.
North North Korea may already have 20 nuclear warheads - double as many as previously thought, Chinese nuclear experts have warned. The pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year, The Wall Street Journal has reported.
Burglars gutted a family home in what police have described as the worst case of'mindless destruction' they have ever witnessed. The intruders broke into a home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex, flooded the kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree. They stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage. There seems to be no method to the ransacking of the property, with cupboards open at random and emptied on
Dramatic moment firefighters battle 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $3.8million mansion in New Jersey. Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson.
Three police officers have been sent forward for trial after being accused of stealing bundles of notes worth £30,000 from the home of a suspected criminal. Detective Sergeant Stephen Phillips, 46, and police constables Christopher Evans.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close. She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them.
Angelina Jolie accused of exploiting real-life Ethiopian kidnap victim. Aberash Bekele, 32, is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent, and failing, initially, to pay her compensation. She was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage.
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned children from consuming drinks - including tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks - in a bid to protect the long-term health of pupils at Rowdown Primary School in New Addington, south London. But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict, claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Usain Bolt has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat a 'lot more vegetables'. He may be the fastest man on the planet, but Usain Bolt has made no secret of his love for chicken nuggets, KFC hot wings, Pringles crisps and a pint of Guinness. But now the Jamaican sprinter has had to lay off his loved fast food and eat a lot more vegetables, despite confessing that 'he hates them all'. And it is his chef who is entrusted with the unenviable task of chasing him
Scientists have discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over. The Yellowstone supervolcano is one of the largest active continental silicic volcanic fields in the world.
Kate DeAraugo reveals she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight. Former Young Divas singer Kate DeAraigo has made the shock revelation she turned to drugs and took anything she could get her hands on to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight. Speaking on KIIS 106.5's The Kyle and Jackie O Show on Friday, the Australian Idol winner spoke out about her battle with mental health, and the surgery she had to help her
£4m apartment block in Bath is facing demolition after residents complain it is four feet wider than approved. Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats. But residents complained that the development was three feet higher than the plans approved by the council.
Family of American hostage killed in US drone strike gave his Al Qaeda captors money in failed bid to guarantee his release. Dr Warren Weinstein, from Rockville, Maryland, and a fellow aid worker were used as a shield to protect a senior Al Qaeda operative while in captivity. The 73-year-old was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto during an anti-terrorist strike on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border.
Cigars may be more harmful to smokers than cigarettes, researchers warned yesterday. The news comes as cigar use rises in the US, where the study was carried out, and cigarette smoking declines.
California carpenter creates world's biggest see-saw. Kyle Toth, who runs his own custom woodworking business, built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula. It measures a whopping 45ft in length, and according to its maker, sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft.
Sex offender jailed for killing aspiring policewoman after befriending her on canal towpath. David Marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars for the murder of Eni Mevish, a 20-year-old student at Staffordshire University. He stabbed her in the heart, lungs and liver six months after they met because he was 'jealous' of her other friendships, Stafford Crown Court heard.
Navinder Sarao lived in his parents' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds - and a potential £40million offshore nest egg. His family's semi-detached house in suburban West London is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges.
Mississippi man mows his lawn with three-and-a-half inch metal fence wire. Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity. Dr Timothy Haffey, who removed the wire which was as thick as a heavy-duty nail, said it miraculously dodged all of Parker's important nerves and arteries.
Alessandra Ambrosio goes back to her roots in edgy new campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti. The 34-year-old Victoria's Secret Angel shows off her Latino style and golden tan as she poses in a new campaign shot in São Paulo. Alessandra, 34, is No. 8 on the Forbes list of top-earning models, stars in the advertising campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion.
Kim Kardashian’s favourite holiday destinations. As holidays go, Kim Kardashian has long had the pick of the planet. Sitting on a bank balance that could sustain a small country, means that the cost of flights and accommodation has never been an issue for the reality TV star.
Brain Brain scans on a group of professional comedians has revealed differences in the way the brains of these'super speakers' work while talking. Compared to the less silver tongued among us, the super speakers – which also included a barrister and a radio presenter – showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech.
Apple launches its first smartwatch today - but anyone turning up to buy one from a store will be disappointed. For although the Apple Watch is officially going on sale, none of its locations will have them in stock. Instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June.
Richard Hammond rules out returning to Top Gear. Richard Hammond has ruled out returning as the final presenter to leave the motoring show as he vowed: 'I won't quit my mates'. In yet another major blow to the BBC, the presenter took to Twitter to reveal he would not be returning to the hugely-popular series. The announcement came as the show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on the BBC.
Samantha Crossland, 30, was pocketing parents’ fees being paid to the Child’s Play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position. She had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back and Crossland - whose parents made over a million on the lotto - handed back the cash. Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an “S. Crossland”.
Atlantis Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms. Each underwater suite is three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room.
Where do the prawns come from? 60 per cent of packaged shrimp tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria. Experts in the US found the majority of the shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east Asia.
Kansas City Royals brawl with Chicago White Sox. Umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of Thursday's game at Chicago's U.S. Cellular Field, Illinois. A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from the dugouts and bullpens flood the field, reported New York Daily News.
No mechanical faults have been found on a plane that was forced to make an emergency landing when three passengers passed out and others felt sick. SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure.
Imran Uddin, 25, who was studying science, bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet which he then connected to a number of university computers. Through the software, which recorded key strokes, he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to log in to the computers.
British planespotters Conrad Clitheroe, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro released from prison in UAE. Three Britons who have spent two months in prison in the United Arab Emirates after they were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport have been released. They were finally told earlier this week that they could return home after charges of espionage would not be brought against them. The men were taken to a police station, where they were allegedly told they could only leave if they signed a form in Arabic saying they would not practise their hobby there again.
Parents share heartbreaking story of how they accidentally killed their 18-month-old son. Brian Bayers tearfully told WAVE how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on February 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house. Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open.
Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device. The service provides a twice-daily summary 'of the best tweets for you, delivered via rich push notification,' Twitter's Gordon Luk said.
How to cook a cut of beef. Sirloin, topside and fillet are best saved for the roasting pan, chuck flank, rib-eye and skirt on the grill and when stewing go for brisket, shoulder and ribs.
Aussie the dog saved two children from being electrocuted to death in a puddle. The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macquarie, when he was killed suddenly when he stepped into the first puddle that was connected to a fallen live electrical wire. Aussie, who the kids brought home on Australia Day this year - was always protective of the children. 'He would always round up the kids if they walked too far ahead,' she said.
B-list stars will be breathing a sigh of relief after a Spanish TV station announced it would be shelving plans to make them face their worst ordeal yet - being chased by rampaging bulls. State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona. The bull running takes part during the annual San Fermin Fiesta, and the mayor said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of Big Brother.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner.
Banana mogul Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, who ignored woman's seizures after feeding her cocaine at all-night three-way sex romp and then tried to cover up her death, gets 12 and a half years in prison. A Manhattan judge has delivered a blistering sentencing speech to a banana mogul who ignored a woman’s seizures after giving her cocaine and then trying to cover it up. Thomas HOEY Jr. (pictured) was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court.
Wisconsin girl accused of stabbing classmate to please Slender Man is remanded to mental hospital. Morgan Geyser, 12, along with her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha in May 2014. The Wisconsin judge denied a request Friday to move the 12-year-old to a psychiatric facility.
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on April 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without being strapped into a seatbelt. Unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called 'paddy wagons.'
Gary Goldsmith hits out at cyclist who ran over his dog and 'left him for dead' in Regent’s Park. The Duchess of Cambridge's uncle hit out yesterday at a'speeding' cyclist who hit his chihuahua, Cheech, on social media. His accompanying message included the words: 'Evil s***… Coming to get ya.'
Oklahoma reserve deputy accused of shooting suspect dead instead of reaching for his Taser received special treatment. A memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Robert Bates, 73, when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office. Documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates. He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in relation to the death of Eric Harris.
The world's best road has just been announced. Petrol heads, take note. There are few things as thrilling as.
Police 'pulverized' transgender prisoner's face, forced her to strip and shaved her head. Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the ground in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year old neighbour.
Fugitive Aaron Bee jailed for taking selfies outside police stations. Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over an alleged domestic violence and assault. After fleeing his home, the 22-year-old goaded officers by sharing photographs online which showed him standing outside the force's headquarters. He was eventually arrested in November in a cafe.
What was supposed to be a day spent visiting a famous earthwork sculpture soon turned into a massive rescue effort. With no cell phone reception to call for help, owner Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town. But, lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Syrian militants. He was arrested Wednesday in Rancho Bernardo, located in. the northern part of San Diego. A 24-year-old San Diego man was arrested and charged on Thursday with lying to federal agents about his alleged involvement with Islamic State militants fighting in Syria, which has been documented on his Facebook page.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete. She was found dead in a garden in Nightingale Road, Edmonton, north London, in September 2014.
Teacher Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning, according to Dallas ISD Police Chief Craig Miller. Miller said the teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months.
Statue of Liberty evacuated after bomb threat. Some 2,700 tourists were rushed off Liberty Island by boat operators just after midday Friday after a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark. Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious.
Bizarre ritual where villagers roast themselves above an open fire in the hope it will bring them good luck. Revellers in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire. Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames. Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease.
World War widows visit Gallipoli for the first time. The war widows - who were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands - will be the guests of honour at the dawn service on Saturday. The battle site at Gallippoli is one of the most famous battlefields in the world.
Exeter dubbed 'too posh for Monopoly' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road. It's the most popular board game in the world, with hundreds of versions springing up in far-flung cities across the globe. But Exeter has outdone all previous cities to get their own board - including Oxford, Cambridge and York.
Nicole Kidman, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush and Joel Edgerton have all made significant contributions to Australia through film and television. But recently uncovered documents from Ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in World War One.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's equally as fat as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers. The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home.
Gallipoli, Turkey: World War I’s most spectacular Allied failures. An eerie serenity pervades the rolling landscape of this peninsula and, in the bright spring sunshine, there could scarcely be a more peaceful spot for a Sunday afternoon stroll. But a chill is never far from the spine, whatever the temperature.
Irish tourist who left his brother fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack has avoided jail. Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother Patrick.
Mary Cartwright revisits secret underground factory where she helped build aircraft engines 70 years after the end of the Second World War. The 91-year-old great-grandmother was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, in 1943. She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory.
Teenage suicide bomber Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi. The savages of Islamic State have stepped up their use of teenage suicide bombers in recent weeks, even using their leader's alleged cousin to blow himself up at a checkpoint in Iraq. Not even old enough to grow a beard, the teenage suicide bomber appears to be no older than 14 years old.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel. After filing a civil rights lawsuit against Officer Shawn Izzo and the Metropolitan Police Department,, she told reporters yesterday: 'What happened to me was wrong and I don't want it to happen to anybody else.'
Man whose teeth were reduced to 'apple cores' wins £30,000 in damages from his former dentist. Kevin Bowes lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees at his practice in Guisborough, North Yorkshire.
Sound Transit Link light rail car drives directly in front of oncoming train, sending glass, crash debris and a street light flying across the road. This is the terrifying moment a car drives into the path of an oncoming light rail train. The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill. The driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
Death of seven-week-old baby in his mother’s bed prompts coroner to demand new guidelines. Efan James was found lying face down and unresponsive the morning after Hannah James, 26, took him to bed. At the baby's inquest this week, a coroner in Pembrokeshire said new parents were given 'confusing' advice over how tired they could be when they slept in the same bed as their child.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today, charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose, and possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate. The charges were brought yesterday by officers investigating the death of Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, an outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria.
Stage collapse sends students plummeting 10 feet into orchestra pit. One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School. The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage.
Trussell Trust charges volunteers £1,500 to hand out free food in its name. The country’s biggest network of foodbanks asks for the ‘donation’ from churches and community groups which open new foodbanks. The money, volunteers are told, is needed to pay for the Trust's staff, branding materials, PR advice and relationships with supermarkets.
Royal Marine Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men, and forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them, Exeter Crown Court heard. The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at the Commando Training Centre at Lympstone, Devon, and at her home. His violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages, one of which happened days after he punched her in the stomach when she was
Mother of pregnant woman who woke up from coma says she knew doctors were wrong when they told her her 20-year-old daughter wouldn't wake up. Anna Moser's daughter Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover. She was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles. Though Giles was given a two-per cent chance of recovering, Moser was
Nestled in some of the most beautiful corners of the world, are tiny settlements of people who have adapted to live around nature. From villages under boulders in Portugal, to floating villages in Peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world. The secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises.
BBC presenter Charlie Stayt has been blasted after he misspelt the word 'education' during a live report on the issue. Viewers took to Twitter to complain after he missed out the letter 'c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in Southampton, Hampshire.
Mysterious white lights seen hovering perilously close to Chile's Calbuco volcano. Incredible footage has emerged of a mysterious pair of white lights floating perilously near to the Chilean volcano eruption. The pictures have since gone viral with internet user suggesting the lights were either police helicopters, an optical illusion or an alien aircraft.
Kay Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says the tattoos, which were done when she was 24, have turned her into a jobless recluse. 'Until they are removed, I won’t be able to find a job and will be stuck on benefits.'
'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' message on baby monitor. A family overheard a terrifying message on their young son's baby monitor after the device and its camera were hacked. When the Washington couple's three-year-old had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night, his parents had put it down to their toddler's over-active imagination.
Ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon opens up about years of abuse. Kristy Peckham has finally spoken out in an interview with A Current Affair, detailing the domestic violence she suffered through, as well as the disappointment she feels as a result of how the Queensland government have handled the situation. The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged, leading the Premier, Annastacia Palaszczuk to call for his resignation.
John Hinckley Jr. wants to start a band and publish his music anonymously. Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions the man who shot Ronald Reagan will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital.
Frenchwoman also used her classes to defend Adolf Hitler's domestic record, and his plans for overseas expansion. 'He was a good man who built motorways and liked music,' she is alleged to have said.
Nasa's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has spotted its robotic companion on the surface of the red planet. The orbiting spacecraft captured a shot of Curiosity near the base of Mount Sharp in Gale Crater.
Tiger temple in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province has 147 tigers. An urgent headcount has taken place at a Thai temple that's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks after a vet complained to authorities that three were missing. Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in western Thailand has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to be photographed next to the monks and their huge feline pets. However, Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary.
Opera singer Liu Guijuan criticised for showing off her headdress made with feather from 80 kingfishers. Opera isn't normally a field associated with animal cruelty, but the two worlds have collided in China after a singer posted pictures of herself wearing a headdress. Web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare after it emerged the accessory was made from the feathers of no less than 80 of the colourful birds.
Daughter of Second World War Nazi strongman Hermann Goering fails in bid to get family money back. The daughter of Nazi leader has failed to get the state of Bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the Third Reich. The infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew but his daughter Edda, 76, has always refused to criticise him. She claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal.
Adam Lyons' girlfriends Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, speak out about their polyamorous relationship. Adam Lyons, 34, and his girlfriend, 26-year-old Brooke Shedd (pictured) have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34-year old who hails from East London. The women say they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation where they both love him - as well as each other.
Asda manager who stole £15,000 of goods from store's own delivery service is sacked and lands job at Lidl. Michael Gridley, 26, was jailed after running the scam where stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken from the store in Basildon, Essex, where he worked. Southend Crown Court heard how the conspiracy was uncovered, following a period during which Gridley and colleague Jay Reed were under suspicion.
Linda Linda and George Hunter, who raised their four children in their home in Garrick Street, Wavertree, Liverpool, became mortgage free around 15 years ago. But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition.
Pastor Creflo Dollar defends $65m Gulfstream G650 private jet appeal by claiming 'the devil is trying to discredit him'. The wealthy televangelist, who is known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work. He launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a Gulfstream G650 to replace his current damaged aircraft. 'The devil thinks) I got to discredit that man before he starts showing people Jesus
Teenager who held her license for one day crashes into wheelie bin before smashing into brick wall. The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW when she lost control over her vehicle on Thursday night. The group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer before it collided head-on into a solid brick wall before bouncing off and crashing into another part of the wall.
Gun-toting right-wing militiamen call in armed guards to protect Oregon goldmine. Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order. The owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest.
Kate Middleton and Prince William shopping for new baby. The nation may be waiting on tenterhooks for the new royal baby, but the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have apparently been taking parenthood second time round in their stride. On Monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store, Zara Home, in Kensington High Street, a short hop from her apartment at Kensington Palace.
Killer of 13-year-old Daniel Morcombe could get out of prison early due to a'smiley face' email from a child protection worker. Brett Peter Cowan received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the Sunshine Coast teenager's body in 2003. Cowan's defence will now claim that showing his video confession was illegal.
Washington teen who strapped fake explosives around his body in a stunt to ask a date to the prom has been suspended from school. The five-day suspension for Ibrahim Ahmad will prevent him from attending La Center High's dance Saturday. Ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity.
'landmark' has mysteriously appeared in Pakistan, according to Google Maps. The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of Shahpur but residents may not approve of the addition because it is shown urinating on an Apple logo.
Mayweather vs Pacquiao tickets sell out in minutes. Ringside tickets for the upcoming fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquaio are fetching upwards of $130,000 online after official outlets sold out within minutes on Thursday night. Due to the high Pay-per-view price of the fight, its anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like Periscope or Meerkat.
Zoo Weekly removed images of a bikini clad woman holding a red poppy after being criticised by the Department of Veteran Affairs for using the word 'Anzac' without permission. The issue, released on the Monday leading up to the Anzac weekend, included a 10-page feature with a list of '100 things every Aussie should know about Gallipoli' and an interview with cover girl Erin Pash.
Angelina Jolie pleads with world powers to help Syrian refugees. The 39-year-old actress and director spoke at the United Nations in New York on Friday dressed in a white blazer, matching skirt and delicate jewelry. She told a rapt audience that 'women are still treated as secondary issues' in wartorn regions.
Unsightly cauliflower ear left with a hazelnut-sized scar. Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion, and initially hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd. But when the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar - and the resulting wound healed into a keloid scar.
Kurt Cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district during the height of Nirvana-mania. Now its current owner, Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb.
Eric Holder bids farewell to Justice Department. Attorney General Eric Holder bid farewell to the Justice Department on Friday after six years, outlining what he said were his major accomplishments and telling staffers that they helped produce a 'golden age' in the department's history. The event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of Congress, former President Bill Clinton and Holder's wife, Sharon Malone.
Conspiracy theorist claims to have spotted a bunker on Mars with armed people peering out of its windows. Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity. He claims that the 'bunker' 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker'.
Shabana Bibi, 25, from the Muzaffargarh district of the country, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body. Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh. Bibi had been married to Siddique for three years, during which time she had suffered repeated domestic abuse, according to her brother.
Facebook post and Craigslist ad help solve cold case murder of Michigan teen found stabbed nine times in Louisiana woods. Carol Cole was 17 years old when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile detention center in Texas in October 1980. In January 1981, police in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, found a teenage girl's body stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods out of a dirt road.
EU leaders pledge to send warships to the Mediterranean to tackle migrant crisis. EU leaders have agreed a package of measures to tackle the escalating migrant crisis in the Mediterranean – with pledges to send in warships and triple funding for rescue patrols. Within days, British warship HMS Bulwark and the German supply ship Berlin are expected to be sent to the region in the biggest sign of the European Union's belated commitment to the cause.
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, was furious with the mother of little Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions,' police say. On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser. She told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her, according to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
Alaskan Malamute mauls three-year-old girl to hospital after she is mauled in the face by her family's pet dog. The toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after the dog crossed with a Siberian Huskey clamped its jaws around her head at their home in Neyland, Pembrokeshire. The dog was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed.
Mother accused of giving teen son a pot brownie that caused him to jump out of third-story window 'without hesitation'. In a bizarre twist, the alleged victim in the case, 19-year-old Austin Essig, took to the Fort Collins police department's Facebook page to describe the strange 'trip' he experienced after eating the brownie. His mother Julieane Jablonski, 38, was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness.
Grandmother left feeling'sick and scared' after receiving ransom demand for stolen dog. Vivienne Garton, 65, was devastated her 10-year-old West Highland terrier Ben was snatched from her garden in Knowle West, Bristol, earlier this month. She began an appeal to find him.
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years and credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health. A vegan since the age of 18, she studied the power of herbs and plants at University and landed a job at Neal's Yard Remedies - the leading independent British retailer of organic natural health and beauty products.
Ciudad Real airport: Spain's ghost airport that was supposed to be a symbol of modern Spain, but is now being left to rack and ruin. The judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off, with an asking price of €100million (£86million). However, there have been no takers and there is now no minimum asking price, theolivepress.com reported. The new owners, will need to pay off a few hundred million pounds of debt, though.
Scientists claim to have taken a major step towards recreating the woolly mammoth by inserting more than a dozen of the creature's genes into the live DNA of an elephant. Researchers have concluded that the creatures clung on in just a tiny pocket of the Arctic, on an island that appears to have become cut off from the mainland.
Teenager who spontaneously decided to run off for four days survives by eating from fruit trees at his high school. Connor Sullivan, of Cupertino, California, attended his first period class at Monta Vista High School on Monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours. After the junior returned home on his own Thursday night, police who had been searching for him learned that the teenager had never left the Bay Area town and was using the water fountains and Porta Potty on campus.
Google CEO Eric Schmidt gets $109M in 2014. Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped. Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million.
Developer Sanjay Chaddah concocted a 'tissue of lies', claiming Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i' following the 18-month boundary dispute in a genteel village in the Wirral. The move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing.
Arctic Arctic airmass is on the way. After one of the warmest Aprils on record, there will be a dramatic change next week with temperatures set to fall by around ten degrees.
Nicky Buckley: Pregnant Australian presenter and model reveals how she fought back against criticism for showing her bump on TV. Earlier this month, a pregnant Canadian weather presenter received hate mail from viewers 'grossed out' by her appearance on their screens. The scathing critics told the six-months pregnant meteorologist Kristi Gordon that her 'front end looks like the Hindenburg' and her rear end 'looks like a brick s***house.' Fans jumped to support her when Gordon read out excerpts from the letters and emails.
Artist LaNia Roberts, 18, from Louisville, Kentucky, has taken a positive stand on self love and is sharing her secrets to accepting her flaws through a series of stunning self-portraits - and motivational speaking. Three years ago on New Year's Day, she was standing in front of her mirror vowing to change herself - but also to love herself more, after enduring years of cruel comments from her peers, and an ever-present feeling of self-doubt.
Comcast today confirmed it has abandoned its bid to buy Time Warner Cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size TV and internet provider. 'Today, we move on.'
Cadbury's Dairy Milk Spectacular 7 bar contains seven different fillings. For the first time in its history Cadbury’s is set to release a super bar containing not one but seven different flavours. The seven-row Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of: Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut.
Cruise ship passenger cleared of beating elderly holidaymakers over rudeness at dinner table. Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner. He told how he had put on five-stone by comfort eating since his arrest more than a year ago.
Bradley Parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through. His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital and said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry.
Vonda Thedford, 55, told Fox News that she was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'. In a bid to document the unusual-looking beast, she whipped out her camera phone.
Pret A Manger: How to get a free coffee from staff. With Britons downing a caffeine-shake-inducing average of 70 million cups of coffee per day, Pret has revealed a secret that the nation may want take note of - how to get free cup. Clive Schlee, chief executive of the coffee giant, revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy.
Everybody Loves Raymond star Sawyer Sweeten, 19, takes his own life. The family of 'everybody loves Raymond' actor Sawyer Sweeten are said to be in 'absolute shock' at the child star taking his own life because he exhibited no suicidal warning signs, his manager said. The 19-year-old shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in Texas on Thursday morning. He was found with a gunshot wound to his head.
Serial killer Charles Severance's chilling plan to 'Knock. Talk. Enter. Kill. Exit.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train after his mother recognized his face on surveillance images and turned him in to police. The middle school student was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage when the woman boarded the CTA train in Oak Park on Monday at 3pm, according to the Chicago Tribune. He punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair.
Utah teacher accused of having sex with three of her students takes plea deal to avoid trial. One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having a yearlong tryst with Davis High School English teacher Brianne Altice, 35. Altice pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts, including several first-degree felonies. She could face up to 45 years in prison.
Underwater volcanoes are known to be widespread on the floor of the world's oceans at joins in the tectonic plates. Most are located in the deep ocean, where their activity can be difficult to measure, although some in shallow water can erupt with enough lava to create new islands.
Tibetan Mastiffs are so unpopular in China they are being sent to slaughterhouses – and their meat put into cheap hotpots. The dogs' dramatic decline in fortune is being partly blamed on the Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown.
Engineers developed the Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada later this year. It will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac.
Walmart employee Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot. He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department, Sergeant Tim Cotton said.
Mudeford Spit beach hut in Dorset goes on the market for £230,000. Measuring just 15ft by 10ft, the remote beach hut on Mudford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire and more than a four-bedroom home in Kingswood, Hull. Owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut which can sleep up to five people. It boasts a desirable position on the end of a row near
Eve Stratford, a 22-year-old glamour model who worked at London's Playboy club, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home on the evening of 18 March 1975. Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in Hounslow at 11pm on September 3.
Woman, 25, gives birth in her office toilet before quietly returning to her desk with the newborn baby wrapped in two sealed bags, and put it in her desk drawer. Nobody knew she was pregnant. Kim Pappas was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, on March 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors.
Rare pocket shark discovered off the Gulf of Mexico. The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it. This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds. The young male is the second of its species ever seen.
Five-year-old Chinese girl falls 150ft from window while her mother is out of town. Little Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China. Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, who left her at home on her own, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill.
Taliban annual'spring offensive' began today in Afghanistan with the jihadi group claiming responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours. A US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today as the militants continue to pursue territory in north east Afghanistan. According to the official spokesman for the Taliban, Zabiullah Mujahid, over 80 per cent of Afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the Taliban.
Louis Tomlinson's wild night of partying with a group of five girls. New pictures have emerged of the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room in the company of friends in the small hours of Thursday morning. The One Direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night.
Policewoman killed by bus seconds after pushing her daughter out of its path and saving her life. Sergeant Louise Lucas, 41, was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter Olivia in Swansea, South Wales, when she was struck as they tried to cross The Kingsway - a busy road in the city centre. Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but Sgt Lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision.
TOWIE's Lucy Mecklenburgh calls on younger sister Lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for Sunkissed. Lucy, 23, and her 19-year-old sister prove that good looks run in the family as they pose in their swimsuits and show off their golden glows in the new shoot. Speaking to FEMAIL about the new campaign, Lucy said: 'It was really lovely working together. We don't always get to see each other a lot as Lydia is at Uni and I’m working a lot so it’s definitely brought us closer together.'
Former MasterChef semi-finalist Kim Woodward becomes first woman to run Savoy Grill kitchen. Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue, which has hosted lunches for the likes of prime ministers, musicians and captains of industry for decades. The 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand, London in 1889.
First person to be trained and equipped as a first responder to all types of 999 calls. He's all three emergency services rolled into one. Andrew Hichens has become the first person to become a 'jack of all trades'.
Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members spit on disabled veterans and urinate on American flag during charity weekend. Two chapters of the fraternity are under investigation after they allegedly disrespected disabled veterans by spitting on them, shouting verbal abuse and urinating on the flag during a charity weekend. The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious Lakedown Wharf Resort. But instead of being acknowledged for their service, some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts.
Samsung teases next-generation smartwatch. In what appears to be an attempt to steal some of the attention away from today's Apple Watch launch, Samsung has teased its next-gen wearable. Simply referred to as 'the next Gear', images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme.
Birmingham is the rat capital of the UK and the London Borough of Southwark has the most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs, according to new research. The Midlands city topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014. Five per cent of residents in Newcastle, more than 6,000 people, called in pest inspectors last year - making Tyneside residents the most likely to report a problem.
Hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer up to eight years after she has stopped treatment, scientists have warned. The new findings come from experts who conducted one of the world's largest studies into the effects of HRT.
Scottish hamlet named Towie is bracing itself for the world's next gold rush after prospectors found evidence that it sits on major deposits. Sleepy Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school, church, graveyard and a community hall. A significant deposit is believed by scientists to lie somewhere near Towie which shares its name with the popular Essex reality TV show.
Father pays tribute to toddler son he almost lost by getting a massive tattoo of the boy's portrait on his face. Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July. But a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur.
Storms, tornadoes forecast to strike multiple states this weekend. Bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states, with both thunderstorms and tornadoes expected to strike. The news comes after a tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon.
Former Navy SEAL who killed Osama bin Laden to host'machine gun fun' shooting competition. Robert O'Neill, who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the Al Qaeda leader, will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Potential attendees were contacted by the right-leaning For America non-profit.
Ed Miliband accused of stooping to a'shameful' new low by blaming David Cameron for the Mediterranean refugee crisis. The Labour leader used a keynote campaign speech today to suggest the deaths of hundreds of refugees fleeing North Africa could have been avoided if the Prime Minister had done more following his intervention in Libya to remove the former dictator Colonel Gaddafi. In a briefing note sent out before the speech, Labour went further - claiming the crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Mr Cameron's foreign policy.
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie to tie the knot in front of 60 guests. A British couple tying the knot are to break two records as they become the oldest ever newlyweds, with a combined age of 195, and the UK's most elderly groom at 103. George Kirby, 102, and 91 year-old wife Doreene Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. They finally decided to make the union official by giving into pressure from their elderly children.
South Carolina woman dies after sitting in same chair for six months. Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2. The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, was issued a court notice this week for the offence of obtaining benefits by deception, after she faked having terminal cancer to raise money in 2014. Police alleged the 31-year-old mother from Belmont, near Newcastle in NSW, used a falsified doctor's certificate to raise about $2500 from her page.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for around £200,000 by auctioneers but ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials. More than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room, over the phone and on the internet. The Bentley eventually sold a to an anonymous British car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory.
Husband kills eight-year-old son and wife before killing himself at gas station. Christopher Whitmore, 36, pulled up behind to where his wife was parked with their son Grayden in the backseat and killed his child before turning the gun on Melissa Ball, 27, and then himself. Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated.
Man who was locked up and tortured in Chinese cotton mill for 18 years rescued. Government authorities in the city of Qingyuan in the north west Guangdong province were tipped off about an illegal cotton mill. When they arrived at the mill in Qing Cheng District on Wednesday, they found large quantities of fake cotton goods.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition and is wanted by American prosecutors after allegedly causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique. The former Brunel University student allegedly made £550,000 in five minutes on the day of the 'Flash Crash', the biggest one-day collapse in Wall Street history.
Chipotle has decided to tap into the $70 billion food delivery market by teaming up with an app to bring burritos straight to customers' doors. The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities.
African elephant takes a liking to Etali Safari Lodge's pool and deck area. For a safari lodge it's tourism gold dust to have regular visits from non-violent wildlife to give guests a feeling of being up close and personal with nature. But one African elephant has taken a particular liking to resort's pool area - so much so staff have nicknamed the elephant Troublesome. Video footage shows the cheeky African elephant wandering into the complex as if he owns the joint.
Auschwitz survivor Eva Kor embraces former Nazi guard Oskar Groening. She embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him. Holocaust survivor Eva Kor had waited 70 years for a moment such as this – and now, at last, she was face to face with a former SS man.
Kerrie Armitage, 28, from Leeds, suffers from an allergy to water. For most couples, a peck on the lips is a quick way to show affection. But for Kerrie Armitage (pictured), a kiss from husband Peter can trigger agonising hives.
University equality officer at the centre of a sexism and racism row pictured in front of a 'no white men' sign showing their tears dripping into a cup. A picture of Bahar Mustafa, 27, student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University in London, pretending to cry was posted online as she was being accused of discrimination.
Danny Alexander has finally replied to the infamous note left in the Treasury by a Labour predecessor, saying there was 'no money' left. Liam Byrne, who was Chief Secretary to the Treasury under Gordon Brown, left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat in 2010.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist, Cork circuit criminal court heard. Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges while John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10 The scheme began in 2013 when Powell took charge of the 62ft Makayabella in the Caribbean He sailed it for a year as a charter boat to provide a cover story before picking up the 1,025kg consignment of cocaine in Venezuela last August.
Jet Jet Set Candy's Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil and sterling silver. A travel-inspired jewelry company is targeting those commoners who dream of becoming the next Kate Middleton by marrying into the British Royal family, with a playful necklace designed to help anglophiles map out their fantasy marriages.
Anzac Day: Thousands gather at dawn services across Australia. Australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the Anzacs, as record numbers gathered across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing. Proud Aussies came together in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns.
Dan Churchill on Good Morning America with Blake Lively. He's a sexy, single surfer who also happens to know his way around the kitchen, and now Sydney's Dan Churchill, 25, has the US eating out of his hands - literally. But there was one Hollywood starlet in particular who was won over by his 'Bro Burgers' and cheeky Aussie charm.
Ske is one of the most popular places in Britain to own a holiday home, according to new figures out today. The Lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as St Ives and Windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property.
Ed Miliband uses lectern to make himself appear more statesmanlike. Whether he is in a car park, a factory or even a field, Ed Miliband is never far from a lectern during the election campaign. The Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop.
Teacher Lisa Heath, 45, an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School in Gwent, admitted carrying a Class B drug on the premises. She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her, but later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession.
When will teleportation become a reality? Here's what holidaymakers can expect from flights and accommodations in the future. From time travel to iPad-controlled hotel rooms, glimpses into the future of travel have already begun popping up.
Student accused of raping classmate sues Columbia University. Authorities rejected Emma Sulkowicz's case that Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, was a'serial rapist' who assaulted her after class. Nonetheless, the case gathered international attention.
Artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions.
Islamic State launch their own 'health service', bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded British health service, the National Health Service (NHS). Known as the Islamic State Health Service, even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the UK's free health system. The video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist, urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service. Emerging last night on social media, the video's poster show a cropped image of a doctor, wearing an NHS style blue surgical scrubs, almost identical to images seen on the British healthcare service's leaflets
Project Elysium claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed. Created by Australia-based Paranormal Games, the app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work.
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback. Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda.
Montana judge who was censured by the state's high court for comments about a 14-year-old rape victim has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association. Yellowstone Area Bar Association President Jessica Fehr said Thursday that former state District Judge G. Todd Baugh of Billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors.
John Elder and Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide. Elder, a volunteer military nurse, set up clandestine mail routes with foreign consulates and embassies to get many hundreds of notes, annotations, documents, letters and photographs of the Armenian deportation camps to Germany and the United States.
Man who spent five years trying to dodge £60 speeding fine jailed. The driver, who is named Ashley X after changing his surname by deed poll, was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11 in Essex in 2009. Instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine, he initially ignored Essex Police's attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame.
Deputy Kerry Kempink shoots dog dead while responding to call. The video, shot on Kempink's body camera, showed the deputy jumping a fence as he went to investigate a burglar alarm going off at the property last Friday. He started to walk towards the home, but was stopped by two black Rottweilers which had ran out towards him across the garden. Within seconds of them approaching, he shot the closest dog, 18-month-old Cowboy which is barking at him.
Jenna Marotta, 27, tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding - and how she managed to overcome it 'I'd descend "into the mirror" for up to four hours a day,' Jenna writes in the essay, explaining how her actions horrified her parents 'I would nick and squeeze and yank at every clogged pore on my face.'
Frogs that build underground'sex nests' to mate with their partner have been found by a team of researchers. The intriguing males build these secret chambers to avoid predators. The discovery was made by researchers in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in the State of São Paulo, Brazil.
Daniela D'Addario found dead in her car. Police have confirmed the body of a woman found in the boot of her car is that of 35-year-old missing public servant Daniela D’Addario. She found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji.
New York and Connecticut authorities are in search of a woman accused of stealing the identity of a cancer-stricken fashion executive who lay dying in a Manhattan hospital. Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014. State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in New Haven, Connecticut.
High school junior asks straight guy pal to take him to prom. Finding a prom partner can be stressful. And for openly-gay high school junior, Anthony Martinez, he'd reached his wits' end trying to find a 'boy date'..
Dossier on Lord Janner is among 114 files on child sex abuse that has vanished from the Home Office, it was revealed today. The 1986 Janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery. The Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could potentially conceal the name of a second person.
Mets' Jenrry Mejia suspended 80 games after testing positive for banned substance. New York Mets relief pitcher has been suspended for 80 games without pay by Major League Baseball for testing positive to the banned substance stanozolol, the team said on Sunday. New Mets closer Jenrries Mejiah has been banned for 80 game without pay after testing for a banned substance. 'I'm sorry to the Mets organization, my teammates and the fans, as well as my family,' he said in a statement issued by the players union.
Couple found dead from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning. Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in late February begging Good Samaritans for financial help. Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter.
London Underground commuters urged to report sexual assaults. Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport, with a video in which a female commuter is groped while on the Tube. The uncomfortable footage - which uses actors - sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male, who looks her up and down, gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her.
Ariana Miyamoto: 'I was called a n****r by some of my peers. Some of them threw trash and even a blackboard duster at me'. The first ever mixed race Miss Japan has lifted the lid on some of the horrific racial abuse she has faced on her way to the top. The 20-year-old was born and raised in Japan, speaks fluent Japanese, and was last month chosen to represent her country in the Miss Universe pageant.
Bianca Gascoigne mugged by gang on bikes in Marylebone. The 28-year-old model was targeted by the gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon as she talked on her mobile while walking in the London borough. The daughter of troubled ex-footballer Paul has been mugged in central London who took her phone which reportedly had private texts from her father.
Karen Buckley: Nursing student's death certificate reveals she died of head and neck injuries. Nursing student Karen Buckley, pictured, vanished after a night out in Glasgow's west end earlier this month, sparking a four-day police search. Her remains were uncovered at High Craigton Farm, near Milngavie, East Dunbartonshire. Her death certificate detailing the fatal injuries was signed by the 24-year-old's parents Marion, 62, and John, 61.
Lewis Hamilton sprays hostess in the face with champagne after winning Chinese Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton is creating a bit of a track record for himself - and this one isn't on the starting grid. Celebrating his win at the Chinese GP he sprayed champagne straight into the face of one of the hostesses. But a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'.
Nigel Farage's 'terrible' back and shoulder pain has forced him to cut his working day and consider quitting smoking. The 51-year-old told the Daily Telegraph he has been receiving private hospital treatment in London and had been prescribed the sleeping drug Temazepam.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon last night admitted she understands concerns of English voters about her party being involved in a coalition government. The Scottish First Minister said: 'I understand how people south of the border think, 'Oh my goodness how will it work?' It's a mess.'
James Webster spared jail for filming up women's skirts as they bent over freezers. James Webster targeted female shoppers at the Lidl store in Maidenhead, Berkshire, as they hunted for bargains in the large chest freezers. The 35-year-old was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper, who spotted him moving the bag he was carrying closer to his unsuspecting victim.
Police captured coyote who led them on a chase through downtown New York City on Saturday. Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am, The New York Post reported.
Peter Gale, 47, was dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey for 'unprofessional and inappropriate conduct' two weeks ago. At the time of the announcement, the school’s governors failed to release any more details. However, an investigation by this newspaper has discovered that Mr Gale sent informal emails over a period of months to the sixth-form pupil, including messages written at night and during the holidays.
Julian Fellowes to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a three-part historical drama for ITV. The novel tells the story of Doctor Thomas Thorne, who lives in the village of Greshamsbury in Barsetshire with his beautiful niece, Mary, a girl blessed with every gift except money.
Dale Cregan sent to same psychiatric hospital as Ian Brady. One-eyed police killer Dale Cregan has reportedly been transferred from HMP Manchester, formerly Strangeways, to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside. The 31-year-old has reportedly started refusing food at the Category A jail after being moved to solitary confinement. Brady, who was jailed for life in 1966, was sent to the hospital over 30 years ago.
From the Indiana 'ghost cane' to the 'chair of death', these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps. When something goes bump in the night, the last thing you expect is for grandad's old cane to be responsible. But that's the kind of thing the unfortunate owners of some of the world's most haunted pieces of furniture have had to deal with.
Robert Downey Jr accused of making racist remark about Oscar-winning Mexican director. The Hollywood star told The Guardian: 'Look I respect the heck out of him. I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' just speaks to how bright he is.'.
HMP Altcourse: Cherry picker used to remove drugs from roof of Liverpool prison. The amount of drugs being thrown over the fence into one prison is so high that warders have been forced to deploy a cherry picker to remove them. Packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from the roof of the prison in Liverpool - hurled there by friends of inmates who missed their intended targets.
Chris Christie's wife Mary Pat quits $475,000-a-year job on Wall Street. May Pat Christie, 51, a managing director at New York City finance firm Angelo Gordon & Co, ditched her position this week. The official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children'.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia. Today, newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years.
Gran Canaria: 5 things to see and do in the Canary Islands. Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic, said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world, and draws up his list of things to do and see. The Canary Islands are a paradise for the sun worshippers. Gran canaria – just off the coast of Africa, yet still in Europe – is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for Britons.
Amal Clooney and George Clooney return to Italy to celebrate her 37th birthday. George, 53, and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on Lake Como. The party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's birthday in February.
Labour candidate Michael Foster denies launching foul-mouthed attack on rival. Michael Foster was appearing at a public ‘hustings’ in the Camborne and Redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin. Ms Jenkin claims Mr Foster turned to her and said: ‘You c***. If you pick on me again I will destroy you.’.
Chilean artist jailed after dyeing hot spring pink with food dye. Marco Evaristti, the South American artist who is based in Copenhagen, poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir, found around 70 miles to the north east of Reykjavik, at dawn. When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result.
Tony McCoy ends career as champion jump jockey. Racing legend Tony McCoy ended his career without adding to his haul of more than 4,300 winners. His two, third-place finishes at Sandown Park in front of a packed crowd of 18,000 race fans brought an end to the greatest racing career in history.
Chile volcano erupts before hiker's eyes. A hiker exploring Chile's natural wonders got the shock of his life on Wednesday afternoon when a volcano erupted before his eyes. A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls.
Shoccara Marcus returns to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer. After her move to Atlanta, the project, which she has been working on for more than a year, unfolded while she was working on a photo series for a graduate studies class at Savannah college of Art and Design. The images were captured throughout the house as she is seen performing a different move in each frame as she explores her place in the family structure. Using lights, a tripod and a timer, Marcus said each process of creating the images is different as she moves around the spaces in the home to capture the spontaneous moments.
Vince Vince Cable prides himself on being the Tories' bogeyman in the Coalition Cabinet. 'I'm regularly voted their least popular Cabinet member,' he says with his familiar hangdog smile.
Kevin Coulton from Manchester decided to stick his mouth in the rim of a glass because 'everyone was doing it'. But the 16-year-old was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days.
One Direction star Niall Horan leads tributes to BBC broadcaster Colin Bloomfield who has died from skin cancer, aged just 33. Bloomfield, who worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and Derby County commentator, died at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday morning.
Charles Dunstone: Why I'm backing the Conservatives for this election. Ten years ago, I signed a letter backing Labour in the 2005 Election. Earlier this month I signed another. Why the conversion?.
Sceptics to launch inquiry into global warming. An international panel of scientists will today launch a major inquiry to discover whether official world temperature records have exaggerated the extent of global warming. The panel, convened by the Global Warming Policy Foundation (GWPF), the 'climate sceptic' think-tank led by the former Tory Chancellor Lord Lawson, will focus on thousands of 'adjustments' that have been made to temperature records kept at individual weather stations around the world.
Bobby Brown files for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate. In the midst of the family's fighting and different claims, Bobby Brown has made a bold move. According to a Saturday report by NBC affiliate 11Alive, the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina 's estate. This news comes just days after the 22-year old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed.
Britt McHenry returns to work after being suspended for vicious tirade at towing firm. The disgraced ESPN reporter was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals. The 29-year-old was suspended for a week footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three.
Breast cancer patients may be spared chemotherapy thanks to new tests that pinpoint genetic'markers'. After surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened, and women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning. For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent.
European eagle owl launches itself from a roof onto a birdwatcher's head. The rogue eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months and is believed to be behind a spate of vicious attacks. In the most recent incident, the bird was caught on camera showing off its wingspan as it soared from the roof of a house. A woman, who had been observing the creature, barely had time to pull her hood up before it swooped on her head.
Dom Joly soars like a bird as he leaps from the yacht in Brazilian waters. Comedian Joly proved he still had work to do on his diving despite training from Tom Daley, after making a real splash in the round-the-world Volvo Ocean Race in Brazil. The 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg.
Mother-of-two Anna Tilley survived after spending four days in intensive care with blood poisoning, pictured with her son Harry. The 26-year-old from West Sussex says she was just hours from death when a quick-thinking doctor spotted the danger signs. Some 90 per cent of patients were not given correct treatment to prevent blood poisoning on a surgical ward at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, an NHS study revealed. Sepsis, previously known as septicaemia, affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000 – more than breast, bowel and prostate cancer combined. Now a snapshot NHS
QQatar's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel. The eye-catching purchase was just the latest made by the Qatari ruling family, who for the past eight years have been quietly buying up prestigious properties – including the Shard – in an attempt to win a place in the British Establishment. They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK.
George W. Bush 'just stood and took it' when grieving mother of dying soldier screamed at him while he paid visit to a military hospital, his former press secretary has revealed. Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C. She said the mother yelled at the president and asked him why it was her son instead of his who was now lying in a hospital bed.
Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country. The game, which dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
Facebook pages offer desperate migrants passage across the Mediterranean on Facebook. Human traffickers are brazenly offering desperate Libyan migrants passage on Facebook. A number of pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty.
Jenny Eclair on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours. There comes a time in a woman’s life when beach holidays just don’t cut it any longer, when lying on golden sands (unless you’re buried up to your neck) serves only to remind you how much weight you forgot to lose again this year and how ill-fitting your swimming costume is. Being control freaks, most fifty-something females find ‘doing nothing’ a bit boring – after all, there are only so many hours one can spend on a Kindle, and woman cannot live by fiction alone.
Former world's fattest man Paul Mason to undergo surgery to remove 7st of excess skin. Paul Mason, 54, from Ipswich, Suffolk, managed to shed a staggering 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but the NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st extra skin. He once tipped the scales at 70st but has lost 46st in five years.
Elizabeth Smart and her father have joined the effort to find the missing woman. Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado is from Chiapas, Mexico, and moved to Provo about a month ago to study English.
Pippa Middleton buys eco-friendly nappies for baby. With the birth now imminent, relatives of the forthcoming Royal baby will be ready to shower the newborn with expensive gifts from London’s smartest shops. But the Duchess of Cambridge may be in line for a more practical present for her baby – a supply of biodegradable Nappies from her sister.
Woman finds three puppies covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion in box labeled'stuff animals'. The eight-week-old Labradors were found near a Tennessee Goodwill donation site on April 18 without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees. The animals have been named Greta Garbo, Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe, and have been flourishing since they began treatment.
Doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being 'too lazy to have a baby'. The image, which is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S, has been circulating on mother's groups in Australia.
Dennis Hutchings, 73, charged with attempted murder over death of man with learning difficulties in Northern Ireland more than 40 years ago. John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in Benburb, Co Armagh, in June 1974. Dennis Hutchings, of Cawsand, Torpoint in Cornwall, stood solemnly in the dock flanked by a police officer with his arms straight down by his side. The bespectacled man appeared in court wearing navy jeans, trainers, a grey and white-flecked woollen jumper with a navy body-warmer
Veteran says he was spat on and urinated on by University of Florida fraternity members. The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property for allegedly disrespecting disabled veterans by spitting on them, shouting verbal abuse and even urinating on the American flag. The deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the Warrior Beach Retreat on April 17.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s. At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel. The entrepreneur painted the doors of the country retreat his trademark bright red.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in October last year in an email to business colleagues, which has been lodged in the Northern District Court of Illinois as evidence in any future trial against him US prosecutors allege Sarao helped to trigger the so-called 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street on May 6, 2010, from his parents' house in Hounslow, West London. The crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
Dad-of-two who chopped off his hand with an angle cutter is back at work just weeks after surgeons reattached it. Gary Lincoln, 48, from Port Talbot in Wales, was working in a house in Cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist, leaving it held on by only flesh and skin. He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January. The 53-year-old, who was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort, was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London, around 7pm on Friday.
Australia earthquake: Ballantyne Forder is safe. Families and friends hold grave fears for more than a dozen Australians who are reported missing after the catastrophic earthquake in Nepal, although information is starting to trickle through. The natural disaster has already claimed more than 1800 lives and more than 200 Australians are confirmed safe.
Ed Miliband hires US guru who can help him convince himself that he can be Prime Minister. He has long struggled to convince voters that he is a suitable choice for prime minister. Now Ed Miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm that helps people overcome anxiety and find their ‘inner voice’.
Nicola Sturgeon accused of cutting heads off her sister's Barbie dolls. Nicola Sturgeon has been accused of savage violence by her sister, Gillian Owens, with just two weeks to go until she canvasses polling station queues. The SNP leader has denied the claims, which sparked a Twitter trend with internet users sharing mocking photographs of beheaded Barbie dolls on Saturday afternoon. She has also denied cutting the heads off the dolls.
Judith Chalmers and her husband travelled to the city and it didn’t take them long to discover the unique appeal of Macau. Located at the mouth of the Pearl River Delta at the southern tip of China, Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands – Taipa and Coloane – connected by three dramatic bridges. It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China.
Dashcam footage from a Florida police car taken in September of 2013 shows an unarmed black man being shot four times after he was followed while he rode a bicycle The only item Stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone. In the video obtained by WPTV, Stephens can be seen pulling his bike over next to a house after he realized he was being followed.
Grandma loses $41m jackpot she thought she won at Iowa slot machine. Pauline McKee thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16. But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee, who has thirteen grandchildren, had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game.
TV show to rescue failed marriages by arranging a full-on two week spouse switch for couples. A new television show called The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other. The show is set to premiere this summer.
Olivia Grant heads to Phuket in Thailand. I’ve always had a love affair with Thailand. At the end of filming Indian Summers last year, I headed to Koh Phangan, an island off Ko Samui, and did a week-long meditation and yoga course.
Vassilis was born in a boat. His mother was trying to make it from her home on the island of Ammouliani.
Back to the Future car pulled over on suspicion of attempting to go back in time. Officers of the Central Motorway Police Group (CMPG) spotted the Delorean - a replica of the car used in the Back To The Future films - being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe yesterday morning. The car's interior even had a multi-coloured hat similar to the one used by Marty McFly in the hit movie. The futuristic looking Delorean, which was built in Belfast, is hired out for promotional events, weddings and birthdays.
Fireman who owned flat in which five members of the same family were murdered in arson attack charged with manslaughter. Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno at a block of flats in Prestatyn, North Wales. His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shiers’s nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat.
May is a magical month, and there are a host of events to help you enjoy it to the full. Here Katie Rowe explores just some of them.
Ronnie Barker's paedophile son will share more than £500,000 this year in royalties, according to new accounts. Adam Barker, who served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012, is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work. The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46.
Man jailed for life after fathering child with his own daughter who he raped repeatedly from when she was just 10. The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was given a life sentence after Derby Crown Court after jurors heard how he 'took his daughter's life' through sexual abuse. His depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just a teenager, having 'poisoned' the girl against her mother.
Chip shop worker Jeannie Flynn, 53, plunges 10ft underground after pavement opens up beneath her on a busy southwest London street. Chip shop worker Jeannie Flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell down on top of her - but miraculously she was not seriously injured. Ms Flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she heard concerned passers-by screaming 'get her out because it's all going to collapse'.
Nurse Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist'.
Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was riding in a car when two suspected Mara Salvatrucha members opened fired on him and his driver, who was injured in the attack. A Salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement in the shooting later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill the director as'revenge' for treatment of gang members at the director's center in Guatemala City.
The Duchess of Cambridge is expected to go into labour any day now, but has a software designer predicted what the fourth in line to the throne will look like? Programmer Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess. If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old. He ran the same software when it was announced Kate was pregnant for the first time with Prince George, and claims his predictions were relatively accurate.
FBI agent's sniper rifle stolen from car days before Obama's visit. An FBI agent was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a Salt Lake City hotel parking lot just days before President Obama visited Utah earlier this month. The gun was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the Marriott Springhill Suites, according to police.
Woman forgives friend who ran over her 17-month-old daughter. Brynn Johnson and Cassie Miller have known each other for some time, but seven months ago they were brought together by a terrible tragedy. Cassie was in her car picking up Brynn's son for preschool in Tenino, Washington, when she accidentally ran over the little girl with her car.
Hawaii lawmakers pass bill to raise smoking age to 21. The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign it.
One man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage. Thousands of people turned up for the event organised by the Reclaim Brixton group who were demonstrating against local residents and businesses being priced out of the trendy area. One of the event's organisers denounced the violent actions of 'one idiot' but told MailOnline there could be a reason Foxtons - which has a reputation for selling expensive homes - has been 'continuously targeted'.
Second person charged over acid attack on property developer. Property developer Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall. The businessman was left in a critical condition at Royal Cornwall Hospital after the attack.
Knife-wielding robber stabs shopkeeper in the ear and hand. Mohammad Ali Akhtar was only on his second shift at the Premier Stores in Flixton, Greater Manchester, when the man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till. CCTV footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter around 8.45pm on Tuesday before wrestling with the brave cashier, who refused his demands.
Scottish scientist wants to turn space lasers into solar power. Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy, The Times reported. The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight.
Valdosta State University found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an Air Force veteran and former Playboy model, Michelle Manhart, taking an American flag from demonstrators who had walked on it to protest racism. At the protest, held a week ago, Manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag.
Scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee. Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects.
Tara Reid's boyfriend accused of spending $100,000 on his company credit card. Aaron Kaufman, the former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, has been accused by his former employer of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid. Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event bankrolled by Kaufman's card she 'behaved inappropriately'.
Judge Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people' when they drove it through the country last year. In a report released earlier this week she slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful'.
MasterChef Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham in Greater Manchester, served a starter of octopus with chorizo and cannellini beans followed by a main of squab pigeon served two ways with blackberry sauce, watercress puree and carrots. He finished with a dessert of lemon posset topped with seven garnishes – citrus tutti-frutti, charred grapefruit and orange, lime tuile, limoncello pistachio crumb, edible flowers, tarragon leaves and a lime air.
Britain's first black prime minister will be a Conservative, David Cameron will claim today. In a bid to woo ethnic minority voters, Mr Cameron will say the Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on. He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side.
The Mistley Thorn is happiness on a plate. What on earth makes us think the French do off-beat restaurants with rooms better than us? They don't. We are streets ahead when it comes to fetching up at a place like Mistley and hoping to find somewhere decent to eat and sleep.
Sabeen Mahmud gunned down by gunmen in Pakistan. Two gunmen have assassinated prominent Pakistani women's rights activist Sabeen (pictured) Mahmud by pulling up next to her vehicle at a traffic light and spraying it with bullets. Photographs taken of her vehicle show her sandals remained resting in the footwell of the driver's seat, while the exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood. She was a well-known activist who also ran a small tech company, hosted poetry readings, computer workshops and other events at The Second Floor.
Manchester University in Indiana on lockdown after 'likely prank call' about armed person near administration building. Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building, according to WTHR. Manchester University had issued a statement advising students at its North Manchester campus, some 36 miles west of Fort Wayne, to shelter in place.
Starbucks announced late Friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the US and Canada, prompting baristas to give away free drinks, has now been resolved. The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday.
Nigel Nigel Farage was at the centre of fresh controversy last night after National Front members turned up to campaign for him in the South Thanet constituency. The row started after a group of far-Right supporters calling themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in Syria. The propaganda video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the ISHS (the Islamic State Health Service), which appears to be mimicking Britain's National Health Service. The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope.
BruceBruce Jenner's face has changed dramatically over the years, and the star has finally spoken out about speculation that he is transitioning. He confirmed this is the last time he will appear as Bruce before becoming 'her.'
'Naughty Nicola', the painting depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress, black suspenders on display and whip in hand. But instead of being offended, Ms Sturgeon is 'tickled' by the image, so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban Glasgow home.
Lindsay Sandiford broke down in tears last night when she learned that her close friend – Australian drugs gang leader Andrew Chan – is to be shot this week along with eight other prisoners on Indonesia’s ‘Execution Island’, Nusa Kambangan. She told a friend yesterday she was ‘utterly heartbroken’ at the news about Chan.
ISIS ambushes Iraqi army convoy of Humvees with bulldozer, killing commander and three soldiers. Islamic State fighters ambushed an Iraqi army convoy of huttees with a bulldozer packed with explosives, killing a commander and three of his soldiers, military officials have confirmed. A suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire, killing the Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan, the commander of the Iraqi first division, a member of the division and an intelligence officer.
Snapchat users are left completely and utterly befuddled by popular messaging app after attempting to use it for the first time, in order to send the perfect selfie. In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat with hilarious - and mixed - results, all of which are caught on camera. And while many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, which allows users to share photos that will disappear within 10 seconds, they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it. 'I'm
A vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance. Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey a century ago.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. His sons Anthony and Ian helped the father-of-four shed six stone and overhauled his health. He turned his life around and remarkably, doctors say he is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication. He loves to cycle, never eats take-aways and counts kale and couscous among his favourite foods.
Point of sales systems are vulnerable to security breaches as they are protected by the same default password - used by a global maker of payment devices for more than two decades, researches say. The password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers, researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson disclosed on Wednesday during the annual RSA security conference in California. Henderson said that the unidentified vendor had been using the password since at least 1990, according to The Register.
NBC.com is looking at tales he's told about the Tahrir Square anti-government uprising in early 2011. A February clip from Comedy Central's The Daily Show with Jon Stewart sees the anchor launch into a story about how he'made eye contact' with a government soldier on a horse.
Gordon Brown has warned that the Scottish nationalists want an SNP vote in the General Election to force a second referendum on independence. The former prime minister said that SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion'.
California man ordered to stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping 15-year-old girl he went on to marry and live with for a decade. Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial in Santa Ana, California, on charges that he kidnapped and raped the girl, who was brought from Mexico in 2004 to live with her mother. He is being held on $1 million bail and scheduled to be arraigned May 5.
Indiana University student Hannah Wilson's body found more than 20 miles from campus. Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder. Brown County Coroner Earl Piper told the Herald Times that Wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object.
Mexican archaeologist finds 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. In the bowels of Teotihuacan, a mysterious ancient city that. was once the largest in the Americas, earlier this month Sergio Gomez found the silvery metal. A Mexican. archaeologist hunting for a royal tomb in a tunnel. beneath a towering pre-Aztec pyramid has made a discovery that may have brought him a step closer: liquid mercury.
Queen has dropped out of the list of the 300 richest people in Britain for the first time, it emerged yesterday. Although her wealth has increased year-on-year, her assets have been dwarfed by hundreds of financiers and businessmen.
Amanda Goff, known to her clients as Samantha X, is a former journalist wrote a book about her experience after becoming a global sensation. In her new book, Hooked - Secrets of a High-Class Escort, the 40-year-old said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media.
Scientists have used a gecko as inspiration to create super-strong robots that can carry over 100 times their own weight. The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall.
Mexican prosecutors have launched an investigation of possible criminal conduct in the case of a 14-year-old girl mistakenly sent to the U.S. to live with a woman who claimed to be her mother, authorities said Friday. Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman named Dorotea Garcia who believed she was her daughter.
Qatar's grip on London's real estate tightened this week when it agreed to buy a majority share in the company behind the iconic Claridge’s hotel. The Gulf state's Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin - which owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught - from billionaire brothers Sir David and Sir Frederick Barclay. It is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday, her last day of a trip to the park with her husband. Clark, who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother, prayed to God, asking, 'Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?'
Accused murderer Gable Tostee will remain behind bars for dangerous driving charges after a judge dismissed his appeal for early release. The 29-year-old was on bail for the alleged murder of New Zealand woman Warriena Tagpuno Wright when Tweed Heads magistrate sentenced him to 10 months behind bars.
Northern Ireland patient tested for suspected rabies. The Public Health Agency (PHA) confirmed the person had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease. They are being assessed in accordance with the 'national risk assessment protocol'.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre accused the Australian diggers of committing war crimes on Anzac Day. The comments from SBS sports journalist Scott McIntyre incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked, and even caught the disapproving attention of Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull, after tweeting them on the day of the centenary services. 'The cultification of an imperialist invasion of a foreign nation that Australia had no quarrel with is against all ideals of modern society,' McIntyre tweeted on Saturday evening. 'Wonder if the poorly-read, largely white, nationalist drinkers and gamblers pause today to
Surfer mauled by'monster' Great White shark on South Australia's west coast. The man has been identified by the Adelaide Advertiser as Chris Blowes. The 26-year-old is currently fighting for his life in hospital.
La LaTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and her son Landen, 7, were discovered Wednesday. Steve O'Shaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in Prince Albert.
Sweet Cakes by Melissa bakery in Oregon fined $135,000 for discriminating against lesbian couple. Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron refused to make the couple, who held a commitment ceremony in June 2013, a cake after learning that they were lesbians in January of that year because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons. The Kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating GoFundMe's terms of service.
Dramatic pictures have emerged of a woman being rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following Saturday afternoon's severe storms. The woman was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east, that was spotted by the same police rescue squad officer on his way to work.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving. He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again, in potentially even more danger than before. According to the U.S. Coast Guard, his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of Hawaii's Lanai island.
Chinese student carries disabled classmate to school. A high school student in China has spent three years literally shouldering the responsibility of ensuring that his physically disabled best friend gets to all his classes. 18-year-old Xie Xu met his 19-year old classmate Zhang Chi when the pair began attending school together at Daxu High School in Xuzhou, a large city in the northern province of Jiangsu, in China. Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim willing to pay almost $70m for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas. The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012. In order for the Angels to rid themselves of Hamilton, they would have to agree to pay out the bulk of the cash remaining on his contract.
'Lazie' Lynch, 34, is in constant communication with more than 400 'friends', poking fun at British justice and bragging about using an iPhone and a Samsung Galaxy. He updates social media feeds with'selfies' and photos of takeaway meals – and reports how he has had a tattoo, drinks vodka, plays online games and has a personal gym trainer. Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies, including one in which a knife was held to a terrified father's throat in front of his family.
Mississippi Senator's personal assistant charged with trafficking drugs from China to use as payment for sexual favors. Police launched an investigation after seizing a package on April 9 with over a kilo of the date rape drug GBL addressed to Fred Pagan, office manager and personal assistant to Sen. Thad Cochran (R-MS). Raiding his home on Thursday, they uncovered 181.5 grams of meth.
Royal Caribbean's Anthem Of The Seas: Robotic bartenders mix and serve cocktails in the decidedly futuristic Bionic Bar. The Bionic bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board the 4,180-passenger Anthem of The Seas, Royal Caribbean’s second Quantum-class liner, which last week set sail on its maiden voyage. Passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against various sensors. I use mine as a room key, to make payments and to check my itinerary.
Calvin Harris: How a pasty-faced, gangly geek turned into the biggest pop star in Britain. The 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed since bursting onto the scene eight years ago. No mean feat for an introspective and, by his own admission, curmudgeonly son of a biochemist from the Scottish Borders who less than a decade ago was stacking supermarket shelves to make ends meet. But he has plenty of reasons for self-confidence.
Istanbul is usually captured through photographs of its picturesque mosques, elaborate palaces and winding streets and markets. However it is the ultimate city of contrasts, with vibrant developments springing up in the middle of the old Turkish city.
Tracey Woodford: Man arrested over dismembered body found in Pontypridd. The 47-year-old was last seen by her family at around 12.45pm on April 21 in Rhydyfelin. She was reported missing the next day.
David Cameron urged West Ham fans to support Aston Villa during speech. The Prime Minister subsequently admitted he'd suffered a 'brain fade' during the election campaign address in Croydon, where he was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities. He said: 'We are a shining example of a country where multiple identities work.'.
Royal baby's ward at St Mary's Hospital, London, closed after patients contracted superbug. A 20-bed surgical unit at the hospital where the royal baby is due to be born has not been accepting new admissions for more than a week after a number of patients were found to be suffering from carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE. The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine. The Zachary Cope Ward was closed on April 15.
Coke Coke Zero, which is also sugar-free, and the reduced sugar Coke Life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour, in line with the designs of the labels around the middle. But since March Coca-Cola has made the lids on all of them red, with the aim of bringing all four variants 'together under one brand'.
Royals, White Sox suspended for brawl. The Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox each lost Saturday without playing a game. Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl.
Ed Miliband accused of 'weaponising dead migrants'. The Labour leader and his party's spin machine prompted the most bitter row of the campaign so far by suggesting that David Cameron bore personal responsibility for drownings of refugees in the Mediterranean. Senior Conservatives claimed Mr Miliband was effectively 'accusing the Prime Minister of murder' in a 'desperate and negative' attempt to score political points by exploiting a human tragedy.
Owners of two dogs that mauled jogger to death plead no contest. Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of Craig Sytsma of Livonia, Michigan, and agreed to 15 years in jail. The father-of-three was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit.
Cruises: What will it be next?. Next summer there will be a new ship in the Thomson fleet – but it will be familiar to seasoned cruisers who have sailed on Royal Caribbean’s Splendour of the Seas. The mid-size ship, with an on-board climbing wall, is sailing away from RCI to Thomson.
Cosmo Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon regrets not investigating Belle Gibson. Cosmopolitan editor says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award in Sydney last year. But she says the award - which is given to inspiring women in times of 'triumph and adversity' - won't be taken off Ms Gibson.
Deputy of Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman blames vote-rigging scandal on 'institutional racism'. Oliur Rahman, 34, who took over from the deposed leader yesterday, insisted there was deep-rooted racism within the East London borough. His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery.
Grace Mann, 20, was described as a compassionate and principled young woman who wanted the world to be 'a safe place'. Mann's parents, local judge Thomas Mann and his wife Melissa, remembered their daughter in a brief interview a week after she was found dead in her rented home in Fredericksburg, Virginia.
New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton swoons over 'boy band' of four Swedish cops who broke up a subway fight. Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday. A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female. Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes.
Two sisters from Oklahoma and Nebraska missing for nearly two weeks in Michigan survived on Girl Scout cookies while stuck in their snow-trapped SUV until state police discovered them Friday near Lake Superior in a remote part of the Upper Peninsula. Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, were examined at a hospital and released. A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure. Roy, of Valley, Nebraska, and Wright of Depew, Oklahoma, got stuck about three miles from Crisp Point Lighthouse in Luce County in the Upper
1818 people have died in an avalanche on Mount Everest sparked by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake. The avalanche buried part of base camp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area.
Judge says mom's decision to take 11-year-old daughter to Pink concert isn't bad parenting. The New Jersey judge says the concert trip isn't evidence of bad parenting, despite protestations by the father. NJ.com reports the girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion'.
Bruce Jenner revealed he is a Republican and a Christian during the much-anticipated interview. Interviewer Diane Sawyer looked shocked when he made the revelation on her ABC 20/20 special.
Steelcase's Brody WorkLounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community. On its company website, Steelcase said the Brody is designed to be 'good for your body and good for your brain'. The Brody, which will be available late August starting at $2,700, sort of resembles both a desk and an office and is created to limit distractions by creating a shelter while also providing privacy, according to the company.
'Black Mass' film starring Johnny Depp and Dakota Johnson has already upset the families of some of Whitey Bulger's victims. Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict. Following the release of the first Black Mass trailer this week, Mr Davis told The Boston Globe he and his family are upset and offended that people will be profiting from their tragedy.
Meet the Australian families who take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach, go away on holidays and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one. They eat and live like cats and dogs, grow up learning how to hop, let their owners give them regular baths, sneak into the kitchen for snacks, take naps and mingle with other pets. Samantha Wills, from Williamstown in South Australia, welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother's pouch when she was hit by a car.
Crowds left fuming after the Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute’s silence. A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on.
Angela Merkel threw down the gauntlet to David Cameron last night and said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers. The German Chancellor demanded a new European Union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength.
Children are more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them were distracted – with texting or talking on the phone a common cause. Researchers observed randomly selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York.
Father-of-two sent a letter from the Government telling him he is dead. Peter Moore was shocked after receiving the document from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) last week. The letter was addressed to the'representative' of Peter William John Moore and apologised for the family's'recent bereavement'. It added that officials needed to sort out whether Mr Moore had paid enough - or too much - tax.
Rand Paul shares Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian. On Friday, the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from Kentucky shared a Snapchat video with the debauched social media star.
Shimla, India, monkey throws himself at man who gives it the middle finger. The monkeys of northern India's Shimla region have a fearsome reputation - and as this video shows, for a very good reason. A teenager in the area has discovered the hard way that the locals should not be toyed with after his affront to a monkey left him sprawled on his back. Footage captured on a CCTV camera near an office in Shimla shows the playful monkey first jumping onto a ledge to watch pedestrians wander past.
Man, 24, shot dead by police during arrest in New York City's East Village. A robbery suspect was shot dead during an arrest at a halfway house for the mentally ill in the East Village. The man, who has been identified as 24-year-old Felix David, was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions when he reportedly began attacking officers. David was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45pm incident.
Incredible moment bus ploughs into passenger plane at Tashkent airport in Uzbekistan. Shattering its windscreen, this is the incredible moment a bus ploughed into a passenger plane in the Uzbekistan capital of Uzbekistan. The incident is difficult to comprehend as the collision was much more than just a minor skirmish on the tarmac at the busy Asian airport. The damage on the vehicle is clear, although it is unknown if the engine of the Boeing 777 jet was damaged or if anyone was injured.
One US Navy SEAL dies and another is critically injured in pool accident. The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story. The names of the SEALS were withheld pending notification of next of kin.
Married Maths teacher at Max Clifford's old school is facing jail for groping a 15-year-old pupil in his car. Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl, who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a'serious' breach of his position of trust at Rydens School in Hersham, Surrey.
My trip to the Pirin Mountains in Bulgaria. Bulgarians love their traditional music. They have a TV channel devoted to it, and one show – a sort of Bulgaria’s Got Talent for folk acts – features people of all ages swaying in stately unison.
Bruce Jenner wanted to flee to Europe for gender reassignment surgery. Linda Thompson, now 64, met Bruce at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover. They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon.
Paedophile author flees to France to avoid being jailed for sex attack on six-year-old girl. A European arrest warrant has been issued for Colin Shearing, 70, who failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced. He was convicted of indecent assault and had been given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order.'
Gallipoli 100th anniversary: The Queen, Prince Charles and Prince Harry pay tribute to fallen soldiers. It was one of the most horrific disasters of the First World War, which still haunts the descendants of those who died. The Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive.
Air Force nuclear missile launch officers face court-martial over drug charges. 1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lieutenant Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal. One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service.
Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after Liverpool were dumped out of the FA Cup. Analysis by Sportsmail indicates that he has signed 22 players during his tenure.
Grandfather beaten up by angry driver as he helps children cross the road. John Doyle, 79, was left with a punctured lung and a broken rib after he was beaten up in a terrifying road rage attack. The grandfather was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road when businessman Genti Rustemi drove over the crossing point without slowing.
Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position of authority by signing cheques totalling £30,000 to her builder claiming the work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth, Wales. Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court heard that Harkin skipped procedures and instead issued cheques, even forging the deputy head's name in order to cash one in person. Harkin claimed the money would be used to build a rain shelter for waiting parents at the school but the proposed work, which never materialised, was never ratified by governors.
Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of English football. He is joined by seven current Barclays Premier League players as well as three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League. Here's the team in full:. GOALKEEPER. Kasper Schmeichel (Darlington, Bury, Cardiff City, Coventry City, Notts County, Leeds United, Leicester City) Now with Leicester in the Premier League, Schmeichhel has been named in as part of three Football League Team(s) of the Season and
LukeLuke Shaw admits he has struggled to cope with the demands of playing for Manchester United after he returned to the team against Chelsea. Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks as he comes to terms with his £28million move from Southampton to Old Trafford in the summer.
School allows pupil to take her pet Labrador into GCSE exam. Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves but knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog Holly. After confiding in her teacher Lorette Esteve it was decided she could take Holly into the five-minute recorded French oral test.
Capital One scrapes cashback offer for new customers because of EU rules. Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback deal for customers after the announcement of an EU cap limiting the fees retailers can be charged for processing payments. The company has also warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, reveals what it's really like to live on McDonald's wages, where she makes only $10.50 an hour and can only afford to sleep in a moldy basement in Chicago. She said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees of the fast food chain began to protest.
Derby County 3-0 Blackpool: Tom Ince, Darren Bent and Craig Bryson score as Derby County keep promotion push going. Derby County: Grant, Keogh, Shotton, Whitbread, Warnock, Bryson, Hendrick (Thomas 78), Dawkins, Ince (Ward 74), Bent (Russell 68), Lingard. Subs not used: Christie, Forsyth, Roos, Albentosa.
Edward Moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at King Edward's School in Witley, Surrey, when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office. After the incident, Moore said to her: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day.'
Phones4U founder John Caudwell to build £2billion luxury apartment block on site of ugly car park in Mayfair. The new apartment block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats, rivalling properties such as One Hyde Park for the title of the world's most desirable living space. But it could face trouble getting planning permission.
Ipswich Town 2-1 Cardiff City. Cole Skuse's first Ipswich goal, in their win against Cardiff City which kept them in the final playoff spot, was a long time coming but boy was it worth the wait.
West Brom begin due diligence on sale of club. Interested parties have begun due diligence as the sale of the club edges closer. The Baggies are on the market with chairman Jeremy Peace understood to want between £150million and £200million for the club.
Bristol City became the first side in the Football League to win promotion as they booked their place in next season's Sky Bet Championship by battering Bradford 6-0. The Robins reached 92 points with their 27th league victory.
Tony Pulis insists West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on. Owner Peace is open to offers for the Baggies and is understood to want between £150million and £200million.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery during which he suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor's errors, ruled Stuart Fisher, senior coroner for Central Lincolnshire. In a damning report, he said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an 'unorthodox and unacceptable' way.
North Sentinel Island: The tribe who have rejected modern civilisation and prefer to have zero contact with the outside world. Located in the Bay of Bengal, the island belongs to India and remains an enigma, despite being populated for an estimated 60,000 years. Untouched by modern civilisation, very little is known about the Sentinelese people, their language, their rituals and the island they call home. It is too dangerous to approach them due to their hostility to outsiders.
Women with advanced cervical cancer are to get the first officially approved new treatment for a decade. Trials show Avastin, which is used in several other cancers, gives women around four months' extra life.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface. This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs), pictured, and solar flares that can endanger Earth. The study was carried out by a team of researchers led by the National Centre for Atmospheric Research in Colorado.
Protein World is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign — including vandalised posters, a petition, a protest rally and even a bomb threat. The ‘body shaming’ campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans, more than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest.
Philip Gigante, 41, whose grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family, was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, which has a population of around 9,000. The Republican real-estate lawyer, who will get $25,000 a year for the part time job, hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice.
Gymnast left paralysed after falling 50ft from hotel balcony. Dina Amos-Larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in Salou, Spain when she fell while talking to her mother on the phone on April 3. The 21-year-old law student, from Poole, Dorset, claimed she is now stranded in hospital as she is waiting for her insurer AXA to review her case.
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey. The man, who only gave his name as Chris ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart. The tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day, two-state odyssey. Chris said Australia Post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay.
Harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near Tony Hunt's home. But instead of tracking down the owner and explaining what had happened, the officers involved knocked on a neighbour's door and asked for a black bin bag. A witness then described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car'.
At least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta, and crews searched late on Saturday for at least four people missing in the waters, the Coast Guard said. More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay.
The video, which shows a convoy of jihadist insurgents triumphantly celebrating their capturing of the northwestern Syrian town of Jisr al-Shughour emerged yesterday, shortly after their victory. Just hours after the eight-minute video was filmed, Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on the city, killing some 20 fighters. The video was released yesterday, and is believed to be filmed by a young man who has travelled from the UK to join the fight in Syria. The man speaks with a British accent as he narrates the video from a car driving into the city.
Moors murderer Ian Brady thinks David Dimbleby is an 'establishment dumpling'. The 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside. Brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend Myra Hindley.
Gibraltar could be the new home of Britain's nuclear submarines if the SNP succeeds in ridding Scotland of Trident. Moving the nation's nuclear deterrent to the British territory could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported.
The latest Costa will open on the site of the former Dedworth Road HSBC branch, the last bank in the area before it closed last year amid protests. Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year.
Doctors are being told to ask all patients over 75 if they will agree to a 'do not resuscitate' order. The guidelines – which also recommend patients should be asked if they want to die at home – have been drawn up by experts advising NHS England.
Duchess is already up to four days overdue with her second child - and her labour could now be induced this week, it was claimed today. The 33-year-old royal's baby is expected before the end of April - with the due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to actually be as early as Wednesday last week.
Iraq veteran set up camp outside shamed fraternity, which is reeling from allegations that its members drunkenly taunted wounded soldiers, spat on servicemen urinated on the U.S. flag. Perry Clawson, a former Army colonel, was pictured Friday sitting outside the University of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville, waving a Stars and Stripes of his own.
Woman'shamed' for breastfeeding her baby son in dentist's chair. Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an Aspen Dental facility in Alabama on Friday morning after developing agonizing toothache which would not go away. But after calling the dentist's office, she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son, Attley.
Masterchef Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham, hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson. Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows.
Ed Miliband will do'more damage to the country than he did to his brother', Boris Johnson says on live TV. Boris Johnson launched a furious personal assault on his rival - with their encounter descending into a furious shouting match. But Mr Miliband, who beat his elder brother David to the Labour leadership in 2010, ended up laughing off the attack, responding: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that.'.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont. Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week, during an appearance at Chaplain College.
Hundreds of children were admitted to hospital last year after being born brain damaged following exposure to alcohol in the womb, alarming new figures have revealed. In total, 272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome were hospitalised in England over the past 12 months, according to data from the official Health and Social Care Information Centre.
Max Azria's 30,000 sq ft Los Angeles mansion is on the market for $85million. The home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle' and bordered by Beverly Hills and Bel Air. Scroll down for video The home, which features a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals, is now for sale.
Russian women jailed for twerking in front of Second World War memorial. In a YouTube video, six dancers are seen performing the provocative and popular move along to music while stood in front of the Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk, southern Russia. Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war.
What children can teach us about anger. A new video created by Oprah Winfrey's OWN TV, reveals just what's happening in a child's mind when they become angry and upset - and the best way to help them calm down. A group of children describe their feelings in the midst of a passionate outburst, in a video featured on Super Soul Sunday, Oprah's Emmy award-winning TV series. And while mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well-being for adults, it seems children are also benefiting from it.
Estate agents in London are now said to be offering a higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' for the same property. Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower 'Ed Miliband' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister.
New Broadcasting House: BBC is paying tens of thousands of pounds of taxpayers' money to book meetings in nearby buildings because the headquarters lacks space. The BBC has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms and spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during the last financial year. Corporation insiders say these venues include De Vere's West One business centre and the luxury Langham Hotel – both just across the street.
Broccoli chemical could hold the key to treating arthritis. The broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with the condition. But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit.
Bride-to-be Adele McKenzie devastated after bridal company she paid $1,000 for wedding dress closes down. In February of this year, bride-to - to-be Adele McKenzie found the dress she had dreamed of wearing when she married her partner of nine years, David Elliot. Little did she know she would never get the chance to wear it, despite already paying for half. The 31-year-old said when she slipped into the white lacy gown, she instantly saw herself standing in front of her friends and family.
Eligah Christian, 49, took off when police tried to pull him over. Earlier Friday, an officer spotted Christian driving a 2014 motorhome near Wasilla. He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant.
David Cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today by declaring that the Conservatives are ‘the party of the grafters’. The Prime Minister, who has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion, said he made ‘no apology’ for focusing on the economy, insisting: ‘Nothing matters more.’ He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them. He said Labour’s ‘disastrous’ plans for higher taxes and borrowing would risk the stability of people�
Drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex... but too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions, like Bridget Jones. A study of 40 men and women found that having 'one large glass of white wine' increases 'facial flushing' and 'confidence', making the drinker'more attractive' to others and more likely to 'get lucky'. The study found that tipsy people, who had downed one large 250ml glass of 14 per cent wine - that's one-third of the bottle - were consistently voted as the'most attractive'.
Cheddar is Britain's most popular cheese with 80% of us choosing it over fancier varieties like French Brie. We Britons certainly do love to keep things local, as over three quarters of us (80 per cent) go crackers for cheddar, crowning it our favourite cheese variety. Least favourite cheeses, according to a new survey, are Greek feta, French Camembert and American cream cheese.
Scientist Alex Zhavoronkov, an anti-ageing expert, believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks.
Sydney couple Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming. Most couples will admit to assisting each other with the odd bit of behind-closed-doors grooming, but it usually goes as far as squeezing a hard-to-reach pimple. But Sharon and Mike Tierney have taken their mutual upkeep to a whole new level, believing that 'the couple that waxes together, stays together.'
ESPN's Stephen A. Smith takes controversial stance on domestic violence on First Take. Nine months after Smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence, Smith tried to to claim that boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr's career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history. In the discussion, he told fellow anchor Cari Champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and'should feel that way'.
David Cameron warns voters that they have '11 days to save Britain'. The Prime Minister said the Scottish National Party would prop up a minority Labour administration in the hope that the government would be a 'disaster' and bring forward its dream of independence. But Liberal Democrat Cabinet minster Danny Alexander accused the Prime Minister of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling between Scotland and England.
Diana is the favourite name for the second royal baby, name after Williams mother - the late Princess Of Wales. As Kate and William prepare for the arrival of the second child, the British public are keeping their fingers crossed that they will opt for a traditional name. A new poll has revealed that Diana is the favourite option for baby if it is a girl. According to the YouGov survey for the Sunday Times, 12 per cent of people questioned thought that the child should be named after William's mother - Diana the Princess of Wales.
Paula Radcliffe's career in pictures. She's won the London Marathon three times but this weekend Paula says she'll be happy to finish at all regardless of her position. The 41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race.
Madison Hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year with her student council at Milford High School. But a sudden infection landed the 16-year-old junior from Seward, Nebraska in the hospital, and it seemed like there was no chance she'd make it to her special night.
Zoe O'Connell lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight. The 37-year-old, who used to be a man, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex.
Holden have been left red-faced after having to recall more than 26,000 of its vehicles because they could be at risk of catching alight. Spanning just over a year, the models said to be affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015.
The tiny oil painting that was kept in an attic for years and thought to be worth just £300 has now sold for more than £120,000 at auction. The oil painting - which measures nine inches by seven - of a Catholic saint was believed to be the work of a 'follower' of 16th century renaissance master El Greco. But the selling price suggests the untitled, undated and unsigned painting may actually have been done by the artist himself. Auctioneer Richard Bromell, of Charterhouse Auctioneers of Sherborne, Dorset, gave the work an estimated value of between £300 and £
Renee Somerfield responds to backlash over controversial new weight loss advert. The yellow Protein World ad, currently plastered all over billboards around the London Underground, features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?'. The sight of the 24-year-old's curves towering above train platforms caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners.
Stephen Hawking answers the question: What do you think is the cosmological effect of Zayn Malik leaving One Direction?. Forget about the 'theory of everything', an even more important question has been put to Professor Stephen Hawking.
Kate Battersby’s top red dresses. Shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD? It's a colour that radiates energy and sexiness, but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn't suit you.
Ohio cop forces woman to sit in hot car to see how it feels. In the recent Ohio incident, the woman was left 'looking uncomfortable' as she sat in her unventilated Nissan Sentra, but drove away with just a warning and her tail between her legs. The Strongsville pet owner was inside a Walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot.
Chimpanzees are the closest genetic living relatives to humans - and their young take years to mature. The traffickers were caught during a joint operation by the Guinea Ministry of Environment, the Gendarmerie and the Guinée-Application de la Loi Faunique (GALF) project. They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea, in West Africa, last week. Since 2007, more than 130 chimpanzees and 10 gorillas were exported from Guinea to China with valid CITES permits.
Intrepid Travel, who run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers each year, have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11. Those who are planning on travelling out before this date with existing bookings have been offered a full refund or alternative trip.
Man driving to work in Alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him. A man contacted police Friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near Piedmont, Calhoun County Chief Deputy Matthew Wade told WBRC-TV. The vehicle was swiped from the victim his birthday, WBRC reported.
David Duane Watson, 46, arrested in cold case murder of ex-wife, mother-in-law and neighbor. Police in Arizona may be one step closer to solving a 15-year-old cold case murder of a Tucson mother and the subsequent related slayings of her mother and neighbor. Police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights.
David Cameron suffers 'brain fade' after naming West Ham instead of Aston Villa. The Prime Minister, who insists he has been an Aston Villa fan 'all his life', was giving a campaign speech in south London when he joked that everyone should back his team – but then named West Ham. David Cameron was ridiculed this morning after appearing to forget which football team he supported.
Nicola Sturgeon this afternoon scoffed at claims by Labour leader Ed Miliband that he would never do a deal with the SNP to become Prime Minister - insisting he will 'change his tune' after the election. The Scottish First Minister said Mr Miliband simply 'won't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may'.
British couple stranded in Spain after baby boy is born 12 weeks prematurely. Karla Hornby said she thought she was going to die when she gave birth to baby Freddie, weighing just 2lbs, by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in Benidorm with her partner Jordan Jackson.
Surfer Chris Blowes, 26, mauled by a Great White shark in South Australia. The 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the Royal Adelaide hospital after the horrifying moment which was witnessed by about a dozen other surfers who were in the water at the time and believed the six-metre creature swam away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw. A photo of a relaxed and happy surfer seems all but a distant memory as that same man is now fighting for his life after being attacked by a great white shark at Fishery Bay, South Australia.
Shocking footage has emerged of the terrifying moment two people stood in a tiny dinghy while a six metre great white shark charged them. A film crew shooting the documentary Lair of the Megashark were just off New Zealand's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator. The shark decided to nudge the boat and bite at the thin rope that tethered the dinghy to the main boat.
Suzanne Evans today said she will step in as party leader if Nigel Farage quits because of ill health. Mr Farage has revealed that he is suffering from a recurring spinal injury that means he is on medication and making twice weekly hospital visits.
George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin's wedding in Venice. The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca, just a few minutes by water taxi from Saint Mark’s Square. The views from its restaurant are magnificent.
Aurora movie theater shooter James Holmes studied brain disorders as a doctoral student before he killed 12 people and injured 70 more in one of America's deadliest mass shootings. Prosecutors said James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises'.
Hudsonian Godwit spotted for only the third time in the UK. More than a thousand bird watchers and photographers lined the water's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird. It is believed the large shorebird - that was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska - made a 4,000 mile detour from South America.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pounded multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on ANZAC Day, coating streets and backyards in sleet despite only lasting for around three hours. A combination of hail and water at Enmore in Sydney's inner-west, almost completely submerged a line of cars. Several cars were submerged in the flood waters following the flash flooding that struck the city.
Security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a 'known threat' to LAX from ISIS, according to a federal law enforcement official. Security officers were out in force at Los Angeles International Airport on Saturday, allegedly after officials found out ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot.
Made In Chelsea star Mark-Francis Vandelli reveals his £32,000 watch collection. The producers of the TV show Made In Chelsea pride themselves on featuring some of the poshest young ladies and gentleman in London. But even by their standards, Mark Francis Vandelli is well-to-do - the privately educated son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model wouldn't have to work a day in his life if he chose not to.
David Cameron vows to carry on warning about Labour's threat to economy. David Cameron this afternoon hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign – vowing to continue warning about the threat to the economy. He said he would campaign on'more jobs, more homes, more business, more childcare, more security in retirement'.
Radio Radio 1's Chart Show has been branded a 'banal failure' by one of the most respected voices in broadcasting. Paul Gambaccini, a respected rock historian, blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings.
The links between gender and the brain. Strangely enough, your hands give clues to what is sometimes called 'brain sex' — the way your brain reflects your gender. But do these tendencies result from nature — with the biological gender we are born with deciding our interests and personalities — or do they result from nurture, with society and upbringing creating the differing ways that men and women behave?.
Chuka Umunna: Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with the 'virus of racism'. The shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race' following his remarks last about 'fully black' and 'half black' Ukip supporters. The row started after a group of far-Right supporters calling themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device, which was trumpeted as a huge technological leap forward when it was announced in 2012. However, Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year, prompting speculation about the demise of the wearable gadget.
Chaos broke out this afternoon at an airport in Kathmandu as hundreds of Indian nationals fought to return home to safety following the devastating earthquake in Nepal As rescue efforts continued throughout the Nepalese capital, more than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city Despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night Even more passengers flocked to the airport this morning, including families huddled together beneath blankets Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope
Nepal earthquake: 'Nightmare waiting to happen'. The United States Geological Survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres (50 miles) northwest of Kathmandu at 06.11 GMT, with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes. On Sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries.
Michigan woman who went missing while dressed as Poison Ivy found dead. The Monroe County Sheriff's Office confirmed on Saturday the remains found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks are those of Chelsea Bruck. The medical examiner's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck's. She was last seen on October 26 about 15 miles away from where the body was discovered in Ash Township.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs.
Danny Nickerson, six, who loved to receive mail, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in October 2013. Last July, his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral.
Prince George of Cambridge and Tommy Cox look very similar. They share the same side-swept fair hair and cheeky smile … and when they’re perched on steps wearing knee socks and pullovers decorated with Grenadier Guards, it’s royally difficult to tell these two little boys apart. But one is HRH Prince George, third in line to the throne and born into a life of palaces and privilege – while the other is plain old Tommy Cox from Colchester, Essex.
The Greek island of Lesbos may be inextricably linked to the idea of female homosexuality – but in ancient times it was a notorious sexual playground for straight men, who found the local women irresistible. In a new BBC documentary, former Apprentice star Margaret Mountford will reveal that the island was the Magaluf of its day, and a capital for sex tourism. She was one of the great writers of the ancient world, and wrote poems which appeared to be declarations of love for other women.
Nepal earthquake: Photos show the terrible toll the quake has had on some of the country's most beautiful and historic landmarks. The monuments of Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal, are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site because of their unique architecture. But several of the most recognisable buildings in the city, including towers and temples, now lie in rubble after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit the country yesterday morning.
Doctors in Kurdistan are breaking the law by performing abortions on young Yazidi girls who have been released after being held as sex slaves by ISIS fighters. The young girls, some barely teenagers, are some of around 40,000 people kidnapped at gunpoint when Islamic State fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer.
Sarah and Mark Brennan reveal joy of becoming parents to their miracle daughter. A married couple who have endured the heartbreak of ten miscarriages in ten years, have revealed the joy of being parents to Eryn Elisabeth. Last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz.
Sydney's oldest surviving home set to go under the hammer for $4m. The heritage-listed Colonial Georgian residence, with three storeys and six bedrooms, was built by whaling captain George Grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Marten’s work in 1843. Boasting stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace, the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks. Grimes Cottage (pictured) is one of the oldest surviving homes in
Second body found after storm capsizes several sailboats at Alabama regatta. A second person is dead and five are missing following a powerful storm that capsized several sail boats in a regatta near Mobile Bay, Alabama on Saturday. The storm rolled through the area about 4pm and a man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9pm, Petty officer Carlos Vega said.
María Jose Carrascosa freed after 8 years in jail for refusing to bring her daughter back to the US. A southern New Jersey woman jailed in an international custody dispute has been freed after spending more than eight years behind bars and is likely to be reunited with her daughter who's been without either parent for nearly a decade. María José Carrasosa, a 49-year-old native of Spain, was released from jail Friday night, The Record reported.
Boris Milat detailed how his brother, Ivan, shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree, according to Channel 7's Sunday Night. Neville Knight was shot on March 6, 1962, by a 17-year-old Milat who was riding in the back of his taxi.
Anais Zanotti, 30, from Saint-Tropez, France, first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her. Now the brunette, who has modelled for Playboy, GQ, Esquire and Maxim and has 35 cover shoots under her belt, is a pro who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane, thousands of feet in the air. She has had 1,350 dives and is now an instructor, teaching other amateur junkies.
'triumphalist'' to avoid upsetting the French. Guests attending a service in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo have been told not to act in a 'trivial' way.
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from the walls of an inner-city Sydney penthouse. According to the Sydney Morning Herald, in a discovery described as 'quite remarkable' by police, all of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found.
Bill Spedding, 63, who has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault, was able to live with children despite claims being made against him. The man named as a person of interest in the disappearance of William Tyrrell was living with three young boys at the time the toddler vanished - despite authorities being aware of allegations he raped two young girls in 1987.
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month. Joshua Burns and and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014.
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, said that camera footage of Bay Area Rapid Transit officers and Oakland Police conflict with what police say happened the night she was knocked unconscious at Santa Rita Jail. She had been arrested and booked at the Santa Rita Jail for suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication on St. Patrick's Day of 2014.
SBS sacks Scott McIntyre over ANZAC day tweets. Australian broadcaster SBS has sacked its football reporter over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' Anzac day tweets. McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day on Twitter yesterday.
LeBronJames was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday at the TD Garden in Boston before their game against the Celtics on Sunday afternoon.During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting.The NBA superstar grabbed a basketball and flicked it with relative ease at the hoop at the other end of the court.The one-handed shot, which traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court, dropped through the basket with an audible swish.Just before the long distance shot went through the hoop, James could be heard saying: 'Give me my money'.
Cecily Strong takes aim at Barack Obama and Washington's elite at White House Correspondents' Dinner. The comedian famous for her portrayal of 'Girl You Wish You Hadn't Started a Conversation With at a Party' started off Saturday's fete by saying that 'it feels right to have a woman follow President Obama, doesn't it?'.
Woman, 36, arrested after allegedly striking 5-year-old boy with her truck before hiding from officers by crawling into a hole and covering herself with dirt. The scent of Marsha Yumi Perry (pictured), 36, was tracked through a field by a Washougal police dog on Friday, who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in, according to police. On Friday, authorities were called after the boy rode a tricycle out of a driveway when he was hit by a car around 6pm.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has claimed that intercepted phone calls prove the US helped Chechen Islamic insurgents wage war against Russia. In a documentary aired today on state-owned Rossiya-1 TV channel, he said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services. 'At one point our secret services simply detected direct contacts between militants from the North Caucasus and representatives of the United States secret services in Azerbaijan,' Putin said.
Man who saved baby boy from dumpster 25 years ago meets the man who saved him. When Robin Barton, 25, was just four hours old, now-retired Santa Ana police officer Michael Buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on November 21, 1989. He had heard the sound of a'very low meow' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster, but after moving some trash he discovered Barton's infant body. 'I noticed the umbilical cord and he was covered, he still had all the mucus and stuff and all the trash and gravel was sticking
From sweeping curves of Arizona's The Wave in the U.S. to the Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia, the simple flow of water over stone has created some remarkable features that look as though they aren't even of this planet, all of which we can visit and marvel at today. Millions of years of erosion, explosions and a touch of folklore form the narrative behind some of the most unbelievable sights in the world.
Katia Apalategui's mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to. This inspired the 52-year-old French insurance saleswoman to think of a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning. The strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide 'olfactory comfort' to customers, she says. 'We are going through funeral homes to offer families a small box containing a vial of the departed's odour that we would have extracted from a piece of material provided by them
James Hayward had arrived at East Midlands Airport with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts - packed in his hand luggage for their flight out to Lanzarote. But security officers, who were described as 'over-zealous' by the boy's father, then took exception to James's harmless toy when it was picked up on the system's X-ray machines.
English English voters are so alarmed by the prospect of being ruled by Nicola Sturgeon with Miliband in her pocket that they would prefer to get rid of her – and Scotland – by giving the country independence after all. These are among the remarkable findings of a Survation poll for The Mail on Sunday which illustrates growing fears about the result of the most closely fought Election for decades.
Woman Woman charged with killing husband after argument about him cheating on her with own sister and their nanny's daughter. Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide.
Bride-to-be forced to bring forward wedding date after kidney cancer returns. Courtney Terry, 27, from Barnehurst, south-east London, had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time. But doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition.
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson has been filmed lashing out at an aggressive AFL fan after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night. The footage shows a young man, thought to be an Adelaide Power fan, taunting Clarkson as he made his way back to his Adelaide hotel room, before Clarkson pushes the man and grabs his neck.
Jeremy Clarkson talks himself out of a parking ticket after leaving his Lamborghini parked on yellow lines. The warden recognized the former Top Gear host immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes. And the conversation must have been a good one - as the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on the eye-catching supercar.
Freddie Gray protests turn violent as Baltimore Orioles fans are trapped at Camden Yards. Protests to demand answers in the case of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died in Baltimore Police custody last week, descended into chaos on Saturday night. After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations, scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside Camden Yards, where the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox in ten innings. Spectators at the game, with a reported attendance of 36,757, were told that they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police.
Zimbabwe's hippopotamus stands its ground against hungry lions as they charge towards it. These incredible pictures show the hungry three-year-old big cats attempting to hunt the much larger hippo in the depths of Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park. At first, as the lions approach the large mammal, the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door, holding his hand as they made their way to his home in Horwich, near Bolton. His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on Facebook.
Man survives horror smash after car flips over and lands on its roof. The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries, as well as suspected leg fractures, but remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free. Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash.
Wildlife-rescue volunteer struck and killed by St Louis MetroLink train. Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville on Friday morning. She died of blunt-force trauma.
Jamie Robbins handed himself into police a year after he raided a convenience store saying he preferred life in jail. Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from the Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham, with an accomplice on January 13, 2014. The case was not solved until the 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me.'
Ashley James joins forces with PETA on fur-free campaign. The former Made In Chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols after the national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy. 'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat.'
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, in February, and is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa. Now, nearly two months after her departure, Amira has shared a snippet of life in the Islamic State - posting an online photo of her enjoying a takeaway dinner with another teenage 'jihadi bride'.
Ed Ed Miliband will announce plans for first-time buyers to pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000. Labour claims its tax break – which would last three years – would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard.
Man charged in connection with murder of Tracey Woodford, 47, whose body was found dismembered in a flat in Pontypridd, Wales. Christopher May, 50, will appear at Cardiff Magistrates' Court tomorrow charged with the murder of the 47-year-old, who was last seen by her family around 12.45pm on April 21 in Rhydyfelin. Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' at the flat around 3pm on Friday afternoon.
Andy Erlam to stand for Tower Hamlets mayor. The grandfather who won a High Court victory to kick out the crooked mayor‎ of Tower Hamlet yesterday announced he will stand as a 'Martin Bell'-style anti-corruption independent candidate in his place. Mr Erlam pledged to end years of 'Rotten Borough' politics. Lutfur Rahman, pictured, had the Mayoral office stripped from his after an electoral court found him guilty of rigging his election.
John Caudwell's £10m mansion is 'being haunted' by the 'ghost' of a child killed in the English Civil War. Billionaire Phones4U founder claims visitors to his 50-room Jacobean manor in Staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs. The businessman believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict.
Labour peer accused of molesting young boys could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia. Lord Greville Janner, 86, is alleged to have sexually assaulted young men in the 1970s and 1980s in children's homes in Leicestershire. His alleged victims could bring civil claims against him.
All Aboard! The Canal Trip. The BBC is to air a two-hour real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph.
Acting CEO Maura Pally defended the foundation's work and reaffirmed its commitment to transparency, describing its policies on donor disclosure and contributions from foreign governments as'stronger than ever.' However, the tempered apology came the same day that a government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a'slush fund' for one of America's most powerful political families.
Americans who were on Mount Everest when it was hit by a deadly avalanche have described the moment the wall of snow and ice hit their camp and the carnage that surrounded them during the aftermath. At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the Himalayas.
British policeman left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family. Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after the 'horrendous' accident.
Assault rifle used by counter-terror police does not shoot straight when it gets hot, tests claim. The Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C, it was found. The weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly.
Labour’s plans to impose rent controls are ‘economically illiterate’ and will slash investment in new housing, leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords, experts warned last night. Under the proposals, landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies and would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time. Alex Hilton, director of Generation Rent, said long tenancies were welcome but the proposal would give landlords an incentive to evict their tenants and would not keep rent down.
England footballer Aaron Lennon has been accused of assaulting a waitress at a nightclub. The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the £55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye.
Patients who always see the same GP are more likely to have cancer symptoms missed, research shows. The study of 18,500 patients found that people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others. The findings are worrying because Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe.
Holocaust survivors have gathered at the site of the former Bergen-Belsen concentration camp to commemorate the anniversary of its liberation. British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945.
Maren Sanchez: Connecticut teen stabbed to death on prom day remembered with road race, fried food and live music. The life of a 16-year-old girl who was killed a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race and fried food. Wearing shirts in her favorite color of purple, the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford's Jonathan Law High School, where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25, 2014.
Police ignored the sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing Labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff. The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government.
Prince George's brother or sister will be announced first on Twitter. Prince George and Prince William's birth announcement was first announced on an easel outside Buckingham Palace in 1982. William and Kate's fourth wedding anniversary on Wednesday April 29 is now one of the favourite arrival dates at 4/1.
Smartwatches that could make your life easier. Last week, a handful of British tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after Apple watches. But it’s only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time. And while these smartwatches might sound as if they’re just for tech-savvy geeks.
Disneyland: How many people have given birth in Disneyland, what the official pet food brand is, and how the ladies' heels got stuck in melting pavement on the opening day. Disneyland has captured the imaginations for generations since its opening in 1955, but there is much that many people do not know about this magical place. Here, MailOnline Travel looks at some of the more unusual facts about the world-famous resort that you may not have known about.
Art detective Christopher Marinello has tracked down £250m worth of stolen art. The art detective is no stranger to high profile cases – having been central to the recovery of a £1billion Nazi-looted hoard. He currently represents the heirs of renowned art dealer Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Henri Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise.
Chris Lewis sues ex-wife for £300,000 over son's paternity. Chris Lewis, 68, has brought the unusual court case against 48-year-old former wife Nicola over the child he helped raise as his own for 17 years. In court documents he claims Mrs Lewis had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage, but did not tell him.
Mourners attend wake for Freddie Gray, 25, who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries. A night of violence gave way to a day of mourning Sunday for a man who died after sustaining serious injuries while in the custody of Baltimore police. Over several hours on Sunday afternoon, a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for the 25-year-old black man.
US officials are expected to stop prosecuting families of American hostages who communicate with kidnappers abroad or raise funds and pay ransoms. A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group, ordered by the White House, is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in US hostage policy, ABC news reported on Sunday. The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters.
David Cameron writes to First Great Western to ask it to 'urgently review' plans to increase fares on trains through his Witney constituency. David Cameron has written to the rail firm to request it urgently review plans to almost double some fares on the route between London and the Cotswolds - which passes through Witney. The Prime Minister has requested the firm 'urgently review' its decision to increase the fares on some of its routes. 1. First Great. Line: London to Hereford.
JFK airplane cleaner Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed American Airline officials, a Port Authority of New York and New Jersey spokesman said. Joe Pentangelo said detectives subsequently searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries.
Fern Britton reveals how close she came to suicide following divorce from Clive Jones. The mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout her adult life. Things were so difficult at one point that she planned to crash her car into a brick wall.
Seven women who were all believed to be in an online relationship with the same man found out that they had been catfished by a 24-year-old woman in Texas named Kayla. Kayla had taken the identity of a man named Keagan, who goes to school in Montana. He apologized to the women who all had been talking to a Kayla, who used Keagan's pictures online. The women had a chance to confront Kayla on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday.
Brian Williams lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times, an internal investigation has reportedly found. The total would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald still owe taxman £20m. Take That have come under fire after it emerged the pop stars have still not repaid the £20million they owe the taxman - one year after they were ordered to do so. It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up the cash.
Scientists warn Britain is heading for a collapse in society similar to ancient Rome. Australian historian Dr Jim Penman claims Britons today have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised the Victorian era as we enjoy a more comfortable standard of living. He has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome - when the city was at its most powerful.
Pippa Middleton buys biodegradable nappies for her new royal niece or nephew. A self-warming bottle that heats up in 60 seconds is among the latest gizmos designed to make new mums' lives easier. While muslin squares and cotton wool have been go-to products for mums for generations, gadgets on the market in 2015 include a machine that makes'shushing' sounds to 'break the cycle of crying'. The Spilly Spoon is designed to look like a caterpillar and administer medicine without spilling it.
Colin Farrell reveals he's no longer the 'Lusty Leprechaun' he once was. Although once known as one of Hollywood's most infamous bad boys, becoming a father has turned Colin Farrell into a dedicated family man who puts family before chasing women. Having been linked with a string of the world's most famous beauties - Angelina Jolie, Demi Moore, Britney Spears, Elizabeth Taylor - the actor says he's now hung up his prowling boots.
Hani al-Sibai, suspected of radicalising Jihadi John, lives in west London. Egyptian-born extremist preacher Hani Al- Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men, who then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John, whose real name is Mohammed Emwazi. The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where Jihadi was unmasked in February as the notorious murderer.
Two rare paintings used to plan iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz have sold for £35,000 some 76 years after the film was first released. One of the stunning watercolours, showing the moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet for the first time, went for £25,000. The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard, sold for an enormous combined total of £10,000.
Supreme Court to hear arguments on gay marriage. The U.S. Supreme Court's. arguments on Tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than. two decades of litigation and a transformation in public attitudes. Based on the court's actions during the past two years, a. sense of inevitability is in the air: That a majority is on the verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide.
Triceratops skull to fetch $2m at auction. Known as Lung Wong, or the Dragon King, the fossilised item is said to be the world's largest intact dinosaur skull, measuring 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long. The auction is open now and the fossil is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts at Evolved.
Woman who ate four takeaways a week and smoked 20 cigarettes a day sheds eight stone. Rochelle Holmes, of Bishop Auckland, County Durham, was told she had gained so much weight she could die before the age of 25 due to her bad habits. Her lifestyle meant she had ballooned to 20st 5lbs, but after receiving the stark warning she decided to lose weight and quit smoking once and for all.
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30 million. In a statement Sunday, the Santa Ana, California-based company said it was working with other schools to help students continue their education.
Geoff Haigh, 61, from Oldham, Greater Manchester, wanted to marry his long-term partner Heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer and the pair settled on a venue close to their home. But, instead of having the magical day they had planned, the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly.
Neanderthals were the dominant human species in Europe and much of Asia for around 250,000 years. Now scientists have found proof that a group of modern humans known as the Protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern Europe at around the same time the Neanderthal disappeared. They have been able to conclusively show that a pair of ancient baby teeth found at two prehistoric sites in northern Italy belong to modern humans.
Mother accused of scalding her son after a member of the public mistook his rare skin disease for the signs of abuse. Four-year-old RJ Jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers Netherton's syndrome. His skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body. His mother Valerie Jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out.
LibyanLibyan convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported from Britain because he is an alcoholic. Judges rejected Home Secretary Theresa May's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of 'unacceptably savage' abuse he faced in Libya.
Michelle Obama's 'Kailua Blue' china is a bold, watery blue hue to accent the Obama White House's official china. A hue of blue inspired by the waters of Hawaii is a prominent feature of the Obama state china service being unveiled by the White House. President Barack Obama is a Hawaii native who returns every Christmas for vacation. The china, which has settings for 320 people, cost approximately $367,000.
Uruma Takezawa travels 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents. They are the images that capture the faces and dramatic landscapes one photographer encountered during a 1000-day journey around the world. Award-winning photographer Uruma Takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe.
George at Asda unveils £4 christening range inspired by Prince George. Hot on the heels of releasing its budget bridesmaid range, the supermarket giant has unveiled garments for babies being christened. The range came to fruition on the back of a survey carried out by the supermarket revealing the average amount spent on a christening is now upwards of £300, with 63 per cent of families concerned about the spiraling costs. Invites, celebratory venues, food and entertainment all add hundreds of pounds, so the retailer says it hopes to slash the budget on expensive clothing.
Reddit user pens sarcastic resignation letter to boss. When leaving a place of work, most people will usually avoid burning bridges. Engineering an amicable exit is common protocol.
Audio of woman's 911 call to 911 in which she said she'd been locked and trapped inside a trunk after an armed man had approached her has been released. The unidentified woman's conversation with a dispatcher was revealed by ABC News. The woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado, police there said in a news release. In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?'.
CNN's Dr Sanjay Gupta has abandoned his journalistic duties to scrub up and perform brain surgery on a teenager in an overstretched hospital in Nepal. The neurosurgeon, who is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday's deadly earthquake, performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl, Sandhya Chalise, after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside.
Sickening image of newborn baby next to a grenade, grenade and birth certificate. The image, which has not been verified, was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria with the warning: 'This child will be risk to you not just to us.' Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi, a self proclaimed 'founder of the Syrian revolution,' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since Friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in Britain. While many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well, there are still several dozen British travellers who have not been seen since the disaster on Saturday morning.
The world's longest cantilever bridge opens in China. The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff, allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air with the valley floor 2,350ft below their feet. Located in the Longgang National Geological Park in south-west China, the bridge has been named Yuanduan, meaning ‘at the end of the clouds’.
Teenager saves life of childhood friend who attempted suicide after months of bullying. Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home in Willenhall, in Coventry. The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma but yesterday his mother Tiffany, 35, revealed he had made a'miracle' recovery.
Ed Miliband's 'Stalinist' land grab. Ed Miliband lurched further to the Left yesterday with a land grab to extend state control over the property market. Property analysts said the move would take Britain back to the 'dark days of the Seventies'.
Keith Alexander: 'The greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure. We are not prepared for that'. The U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault, with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker's prime target. The stark warning comes from General Keith Alexander, the retired four-star general and former chief of the National Security Agency.
John Suchet in mourning after losing his wife Bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia. Their relationship, he once said, was'made in heaven'.
Mother-in-law of Boston Marathon bomber takes to the stand to tell how her daughter was converted to Islam by her husband. Judith Russell, whose daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev, one of the two mass murderers who set of bombs at the 2013 Boston marathon, spoke at a court in the city today. Her words came as jurors decide whether his brother, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death.
John Hancock calls Gina Rinehart 'fatty' in emails to sister Bianca. In emails urging his sister to join him in legal action against their mother over their trust fund, John Hancock repeatedly called her 'the fat' and fatty'. The emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate Gina (pictured) was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests, the Federal Court in Sydney heard. John Hancock, pictured, repeatedly called his sister 'Fat would have quickly grown tired of supporting your shopping and leisure activities' and 'hopefully you will have another man to take
Lisa McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out she sent her students an explicit link under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31. Lisa, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the condition that they read the article.
Baywatch star Jeremy Jackson arrested after stabbing man with knife. The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday in West Lake, LA. The victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch.
Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary vows to slash fares by as much as 15 per cent over next two years. The chief executive of Europe's largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a French weekly newspaper, saying its average fare could be as low as €40 (approximately £26) next year. It would be a €6 (£4) decrease from Ryanair's current average ticket price, with Mr O’Leary attributing the anticipated fare cuts to lower oil prices.
Myuran Sukumaran pleads with Indonesian president to call off his execution. Condemned Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his last days before his execution painting for as long as possible. His final request comes as images from Nusakambangan showed a haunting self portrait painted by the 33-year-old in his cell, depicting the artist shot through the heart. He painted this self-portrait, showing a bullet through his heart.
Pakistani children enjoy amusement parks on the outskirts of Islamabad. For those in the West, amusement parks are a popular day out, with hundreds of millions of visitors flocking to the most popular theme parks each year. However, for children living in Pakistan's slums, often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas, there is often little entertainment offered.
Newlywed dies of cancer while on honeymoon road trip just weeks after his wedding. John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side. The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center.
Father and son shot dead in execution-style murder moments after party guests left their home. Nicholas Pence, 25, and his father David, 56, had been celebrating a victorious football game in their garage in New Orleans, Louisiana, on Wednesday. But moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last-remaining revelers shortly before midnight, they were both shot dead at close range.
Sweden's Princess Leonore looks out of sorts as she meets Pope Francis at the Vatican. Pouting and playing with her mother's pearl necklace, the infant Duchess of Gotland would probably have preferred to be doing something else. Cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother, Princess Madeleine, 32, the little girl was instead whisked off to meet Pope Francis.
Kazakhstan president Nursultan Nazarbayev apologises after winning 97 per cent of vote. Nursultan Nazarbayev, a 74-year-old former steel worker who has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989, has won another five year term. Kazakhstan has been criticised by the West and human rights bodies for crackdowns on dissent.
Joyce Cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in Cardiff on September 28, 1939. Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer.
Two tonnes of cocaine seized from boat intercepted at sea by Royal Navy and Border Force. The ocean-going tug MV Hamal, nine men aged between 26 and 63, were detained for questioning by investigators from the National Crime Agency's Border Policing Command, and later charged with drug trafficking offences. They remain in custody and are due to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court on Monday. The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s after he was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda. It came after he managed to smuggle to the West 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state.
Collin Burns completes Rubik's Cube in just 5.25 seconds, breaking world record. The US national'speedcubing' champion was at an official event in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record. Scroll down for video Amazing!
Kayla Mooney, 24, of Danbury, Connecticut, was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy’s girlfriend to school officials. The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair.
CanadianProstitute Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' - that, in fact, she rather enjoys being a prostitute, and it's only the social stigma surrounding her career choice that leaves her feeling unhappy 'I am embarrassed to be a sex worker, even though I like my job, I'm good at it, and I've made exceptional progress in my career over the past few years,' she wrote in a recent essay for xoJane. 'I will always be seen as damaged goods, whether I am a current sex
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition. Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event.
Ed Ed Miliband's poor leadership mocked by Labour candidate. Paul Gilbert even joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back' to the Labour leadership, because he stands little hope of winning in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg stops off in Eastleigh after Chris Huhne is jailed. The Liberal Democrats have admitted they are on course to lose at least 20 MPs, but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power. But behind the scenes, senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in thirties' after a catastrophic collapse in support.
Little Matilda Fitt, who played baby Julia Poldark in the BBC drama, was born to 34-year-old Hannah Fitt nine weeks early in their home town of Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz. Matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut only weeks after leaving the hospital, where she was treated for pneumonia. Mrs Fitt took Matilda for the filming in Cornwall last year to meet stars Aiden Turner and Eleanor Tomlison.
Fewer than one in five Massachusetts residents want Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to be executed believing a quick death would be 'too easy an escape'.. Tsarnaev, who killed three people and injured 260 others in the April, 2013 bombings, is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case.
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall so much on her first visit in 1948 she eventually moved nearby. But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by the owner Roy Stevenson after he accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, during a stand-off at the entrance.
John Suchet's wife Bonnie dies aged 73 after a decade-long battle with dementia. Bonnie was described by her husband as 'the love of my life'. She died on April 15.
David Cameron admits he forgot which football team he supported. The Prime Minister, who insists he has been an Aston Villa fan 'all his life', was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday when he joked that everyone should back his team – but then named West Ham instead of the West Midlands giants. An embarrassed Mr Cameron this morning admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground in East London on Friday.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes. The boxes are often severely burned and damaged in crashes, however some are pulled from the wreckage relatively unscathed.
Nurse Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in July 2013. Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy.
Brady Olson, who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school, knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station. He later told police he shot into the air because he didn't want to hurt anyone
Photographer Renee Bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything. 'I think a lot of people look at others with special needs and think of them as "less" in some ways,' she told The Mighty.
One in ten Australians have a secret credit card. The classic denial, 'This old thing?' continues to be used in full force by Australians, according to a new study.
Man threatens to kill other passengers on Thomas Cook plane in Egypt. The plane was minutes away from take-off at the airport in the Red Sea city of Hurghada when an unruly passenger began causing problems near the back of the plane, a witness said. Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time, but was forced to return to its stand, where the man was removed by an armed officer.
Kim Kardashian blasts Obama for not using the word 'genocide' as he marks 100th anniversary of massacre of 1.5 million Armenians. The reality star said it was'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the term - which he had promised to use when he ran for office. 'I will continue to ask the questions and fight for the genocide to be recognized for what it was.'
Seven-year-old Charlotte Briggs refused a place at junior school 150 yards from her home and sent to one more than two miles away. She says taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job. The schoolgirl leaves across the street from her preferred school but instead will have to head to Shooters Grove Primary, which is around two miles away.
Perfume entrepreneur Jo Malone joins 5,000 small business bosses praising the Tories as the 'only people' who can keep the economy secure. In a major boost to the Conservatives' lacklustre campaign, the signatories - who together employ nearly 100,000 people - said they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'.
Auckland coastguards have had the shock of their life after receiving an alert that about 5 homemade 'boats' were taking part in an annual fishing event on Sunday. The attendees included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car.
Nepal earthquake: Thousands of bodies are being cremated in Kathmandu. With the death toll now standing at more than 4,000, mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital, as mourning families attempt to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in Hindu tradition. The sacred Hindu Pashupatinath Temple is also becoming increasingly unable to cope with the overwhelming influx of bodies. Rescue efforts are still ongoing to track down survivors from the quake.
Lord Janner sent a ‘thank you’ Christmas card to a detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges, it emerged yesterday. The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peer's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into Janner's alleged sex abuse. The note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue.
Jay Z launches Twitter rant against'smear campaign' against Tidal. Jay Z launched a stream of tweets defending his premium music streaming app Tidal after the service, launched last month, was described as a flop. His social media diatribe comes as reports claim that Tidal is being sabotaged by rivals.
At least 65 British climbers and holidaymakers feared missing as Nepal earthquake kills 2,500. On Everest, survivors described running for their lives as a ‘tsunami’ of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on Base Camp. Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power while interviewing applicants by raping and molesting 11 young women who wanted to join the forces. The officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011 at an Army careers centre in Croydon.
Goodfellas stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino reunite for 25th anniversary screening. The stars of Martin Scorsese's classic 1990 gangster film reunited in New York on Saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie which brought the 14th annual Tribeca Film Festival to a close. The film charts the rise and fall of Lucchese crime family associate Henry Hill, played by Liotta and his friends over a period from 1955 to 1980.
Three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador Baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat, offal and bones in his quest to lose weight. His owners, Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds, say he's now 'a different dog' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet - the weight of four chihuahuas. His weight problem worsened as he started suffering from a joint problem called hip dysplasia affecting Labradors - and when he took a tumble while out on a walk he was left unable to move
William Shatner wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California to transport water and solve the state's ongoing drought problem. He revealed the crowdfunding campaign in an interview with David Pogue from Yahoo News.
Krist Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath, Somerset, with his girlfriend in a taxi driven by Michael Young, 56, five years ago. Mr Young, a former soldier, had mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner' and decided to drive him back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson.
Ashbrittle Yew, thought to be Britain's oldest living organism, is 'looking extremely sick'. The stunning ashbrittle yew, in the churchyard of the parish's Church of St John the Baptist, in Somerset, has a girth of 38ft and an enormous vast canopy. Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possible due to disease - and locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves.
Instagram adds emoji to search hashtags without writing a single word. From today, users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji. Instagram has also unveiled three new filters called Lark, Reyes and Juno.
BruceBruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E!, a project that worries his kids according to TMZ on Monday. 'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ.
Sydney electronic duo The Presets, made up of Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes, published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning, hours after it was announced Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran would be executed this week. 'If you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off,' one post read.
Border Terrier survives 250ft fall after chasing a lamb off a cliff. Dog Molly had been on a walk with owner Jane Tipper and her daughter Hannah in Eype, Dorset, last week when the she fell over the cliff's edge along with the lamb. Molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope and came to rest in gorse near the bottom.
Teacher who made £2m from shares leaves £700,000 to charity. Former primary school teacher Mary Cowan, 92, has generously ordered that a large slice of her estate should be given to George Watson's College in Edinburgh where she had devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children. The bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and shares portfolio and she left instructions for the remainder to be handed over to good causes.
Amazon's Jeff Bezos and SpaceX's Elon Musk launch rockets in Texas. An isolated edge of vast West Texas is home to a highly secretive part of the 21st-century space race, one of two being directed in the Lone Star State by Internet billionaires whose personalities and corporate strategies seem worlds apart. The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10.
Nick Clegg sets out first of his'red lines' for second coalition. Mr Clegg said the first of what he dubbed his 'Premier League policies' is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms. It would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards and at all stages 'from cradle to college'.
'Boring Office Job GoPro Commercial' turns mundane day-to-day tasks into high octane activities. Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom, before editing all of the clips together to offer an action-packed perspective of his regular daily life. The video has clearly struck a chord with people working in similar jobs around the globe, with the video already attracting an impressive three million views since being uploaded to YouTube last week.
Aaron Aaron Hernandez Jr pleads guilty to gun trafficking. Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr - no relation to the disgraced NFL player - has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his infamous namesake's murder case.
Kava bust in Katherine. Nearly 1000 bags of the depressant drug Kava were seized from a vehicle where four unrestrained children were sitting in the back seat. Northern Territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26-year old woman following the drug bust in Katherine, 320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday.
Maitland local Karen Newton, a teacher and former professional musician, was on her way to Gillieston Heights to deliver food to the victims of the floods. When she got to the water's edge at Testers Hollow, Ms Newton plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle call once again, across the water to the isolated residents in a goosebump-inducing moment. As the sun rose over the water, she could be seen facing five stranded residents, who had come out to pay their respects to the fallen Anzacs in their own unplanned service. Cassandra Winter, who
Russian woman indundated with vicious and homophobic messages for running a support group for LGBT teenagers, has publicly shamed her trolls by posting their identities online. Elena Klimova, 26, who runs Children 404 - an online support group about coming out and dealing with discrimination - regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself. The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'.
The world's most influential women who are still flying high after retirement age. Hillary Clinton is laughing in the face of the accepted retirement age - currently 65 both in the UK and the US - by aiming to become the leader of the Free World just months before her 70th birthday. If the former U.S. Secretary of State reaches her goal and is sworn in as the 44th President of the United States in January 2017, then she will not only be the country's first female president but also the second oldest, behind Ronald Reagan, ever to open the doors to the White House. HILLARY CLINTON.
Girl, 7, explains how she and her two moms had a baby. The seven-year-old daughter of a lesbian couple has made a video to help explain to other children who have two mothers how they were created. Sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining the baby-making process in a very cute way.
Family claim body of baby girl found buried on Sydney beach. On November 30, 2014, two young boys were playing on Maroubra Beach when they uncovered the body of a baby girl buried under 30 centimetres of sand. Now locals Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have claimed the infant's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell.
Jonathan Keats, a San Francisco writer and self-described experimental philosopher and conceptual artist, has designed a'millennium camera' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus. He hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western Massachusetts mountain range.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon claims £1billion hospital in Glasgow was 'entirely funded' by Scottish taxpayers. Ms Sturgeon said the state-of-the-art South Glasgow University Hospital – which opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad – proved the SNP's commitment to the NHS. But Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money'shovelled' to Holyrood – despite gaping holes in hospital funding south of the border. The NHS will not publish this year's accounts until after the UK general election on May 7.
Nurse Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke, 45, at a rehabilitation unit at Sevenoaks Hospital in Kent The father-of-three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012, which left him paralysed on his life side, incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate. His family became concerned when they visited him at the West Kent Neuro-rehabilitation unit and discovered he smelled of urine and was becoming more and more depressed.
Vincent Lamouroux used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so-called Bates Motel, including several towering palm trees and the fence around the rundown property. The seedy motel, which has been closed for years, was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning. When police arrived at the scene at about 8.30pm on Saturday night, she was found dead.
Ed Miliband 'bullied' by Tories into ruling out coalition deal with SNP: Nicola Sturgeon. Nicola Sturgeon said the Labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by the Tories and called on him to be ‘tougher’ and ‘bolder’. She told Evan Davis that Ed Miliband had been ‘bullied’ by the Conservatives to rule out a coalition deal.
Ian Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed tie the knot. The Vampire Diaries actor and his Twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on Sunday.
PrepperCon: Hundreds of survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descend on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy for nation's first ever prepper expo. From underground bunkers and tactical bicycles to heavily armored vehicles, they were taught new ways to deal with a zombie apocalypse or a natural disaster - and also met some TV stars. They were also greeted by actors from the AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller.
Yoga for men: Men who crave the benefits of yoga but recoil at sharing the experience with a room full of women are turning to Broga, a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old. practice of movement and breath. From downward dog to warrior pose, Broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its 'rugged' approach to traditional yoga workouts. Traditionally seen as an exercise regime for women, yoga is changing and now has a more universal appeal. Experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pret
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, who publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week, called for the prosecutions of former SS officers to end. By doing so, she faced criticism from her co-plaintiffs in the case who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in Germany.
Nicola Sturgeon scoffed at Ed Miliband's attempts to rule out a post-election pact with the Scottish National Party last night as she said Labour had no chance of winning a majority on its own. The Scottish First Minister, whose party is on course for a landslide north of the border, said the Labour leader would soon 'change his tune'.
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap public house in Newbury, Berkshire for his Christmas party when he agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate. However, when Mr Myers started eating an onion ring, Lawson was angered, shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh.
Man arrested on suspicion of stabbing 9-year-old brother to death. William Schultz was arrested Sunday afternoon, hours after Jordan Almgren was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay. Jordan was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to Brentwood's John Muir Hospital.
Oil from a Russian trawler which was towed out to sea to sink after catching fire in port is washing up on the beaches of Gran Canaria and threatening tourist spots across the Canary Islands. The Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of viscous fuel oil, when it caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11.
Katie Hopkins slammed those who have been vandalising posters as 'chubsters'. The bright yellow advert for Protein World has been put up in a number of London Underground stations and features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?'
Dutch royals celebrate King Willem-Alexander's birthday in Dordrecht. The visit, which kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal, was part of Willem Alexander's 48th birthday celebrations. Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex, started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy's Baking Year at just 14. Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef. Already baking at five years old, the 17-year-old is pictured with sister Lara-Jayne, 10.
Pritesh and Mansi Gandhi, 36 and 35, from Feltham, London, started trying for a baby ten years ago but repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition. Mansi did manage to eventually become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but the boy, Khushi, was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life, so they Krish was a miracle for them. The couple continued to attempt to have a baby, but suffered miscarriages at 18 weeks in 2008.
Indiana University student Hannah Wilson was last seen at the same bar where Lauren Spierer vanished in 2011. Hannah Wilson, originally from Fishers, Indiana, was a senior studying psychology at the university. Her body was found in rural Brown County, about 10 miles from the campus, on Friday morning after a night out.
A Melbourne couple's crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion. Within an hour, the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin had vanished, and they still haven’t been able to track down the would-be benefactor. The couple decided to make the page after Indigenous tribes from the Northern Territory told them kangaroos from the region were disappearing at an alarming rate. Australia has the highest extinction rate for native mammals, and if we don't act now we will lose many more.
Mark Hawkins, 49, who was holed up in a vintage blue bus has been shot dead following a seven-hour standoff with SWAT officers. Mark Hawkins reportedly barricaded himself inside the Greyhound-style bus in the parking lot of a Walmart in Salem, Oregon, after he was approached by police, who believed him to be wanted. Seconds later, he allegedly fired his weapon from the front of the large vehicle.
George Osborne secretly addicted to Poldark. George Osborne has revealed he is'secretly addicted' to hit BBC series 'Poldark' – and confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza. The Chancellor claimed the 'one hour' a week he had allowed himself off each week during the election campaign was to watch the programme, starring Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson. He said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain' and particularly Cornwall.
Heatwaves and almost a fifth of extreme rain storms can be blamed on human activity, new study warns. The majority of heatwaves can be attributed to human activity as climate change pushes global temperatures higher over the coming decades, a new study has warned. Researchers say that three quarters of extreme hot weather and 18 per cent of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming.
Aftermath of 7.8-magnitude earthquake triggers avalanche on Mount Everest, killing 18 people. The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak. Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured.
Ed Ed Miliband will today claim Labour's attitude to immigration has 'changed' – despite still refusing to put any upper limit on the numbers allowed in. In an audacious move, the Labour leader will insist that he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan on immigration – not false promises'.
Nepalese tourists take selfies in front of collapsed Dharahara Tower. It is a saddening site of great human and cultural loss following Nepal's devastating earthquake that has killed at least 4,000 people. But dozens of people have been clambering around the debris.
Obama secretly granted the CIA an exemption relaxing restrictions on drone strikes in Pakistan after enacting more stringent rules in 2013 to reduce the risk of civilian casualties, it was revealed today. According to The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the story Monday citing current and former government officials, Obama gave the spy agency a pass on providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the US.
Amanda Holden reveals sister is trapped on Mount Everest after Nepal earthquake. Amanda Holden said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday, killing more than 4,000 people. She said Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp, where a deadly avalanche hit, because she was ill and had stopped off to recover.
Runningners Paul and Laura Elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love of each other, whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts. The pair, who live in Clapham, London, ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti.
'Dear Mr Sutton, Can I stay in Australia please. Tyrone?'. A 10-year-old autistic boy has hand-delivered a heartbreaking poster to the Immigration Minister pleading to be allowed to stay in the country he has called home for the past eight years. The touching words were written by Tyrone Sevilla and delivered to Peter Dutton's office in Brisbane on Monday.
Animal welfare charity offers to lend you a cat to help rid your home of mice. Hearing the scurry of tiny claws across the kitchen worktop can produce feelings of disgust and despair in home owners. Now an animal welfare charity claims to have a solution to help households rid themselves of mouse infestations - lending them a cat for the day.
Men can judge how attractive a woman is by hearing her talk, according to a study. Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24. They then asked a group of men – with a median age of mid 20s – to rate the women’s voices on attractiveness and another group of similar age to judge the attractiveness of their faces.
Texas tornadoes and baseball-size hail. Large swathes of north and central Texas were hit with tornadoes Sunday night as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region. The storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth for the next several hours. More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth.
New Zealand PM John Key apologises to waitress for pulling ponytails. Awkward photos of the New Zealand Prime Minister pulling multiple young girls' ponytails are being posted on social media just days after he was forced to apologise to a waitress for touching her hair while she was at work. Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her 'uncomfortable'. The 26-year-old, an employee at Rosie cafe which is frequented by Mr Key and his wife, recounted on The Daily Blog how
Teen forced to undergo chemotherapy for her cancer is released from hospital. Cassandra Fortin, 17, has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at Connecticut Children's Medical Center for Hodgkin's lymphoma, which she was diagnosed with in September. As she was discharged from the facility on Monday, the teenager said she was 'happy' to be heading back to her Hartford home.
Lucy Watson showcases her toned body as the face of Very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. The 24-year-old brings the spirit of summer to shoppers, showing off her effortless beach body in the fun and flirty high-summer designs.
Gay Israeli couples airlifted out of Nepal to save babies born to surrogate mothers. The infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on Monday following Saturday's devastating earthquake, which has so far claimed more than 4,600 lives. Several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft in the morning.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai, who has used Chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant. Around one in seven couples suffer with infertility and an increasing number are seeking alternative therapies in the hope it will bring them a longed for baby. Those who can afford it can turn to London’s famous private medical haven Harley Street, where Dr Xiao Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using only traditional Chinese medicine. Now she's invited BBC cameras inside The Zhai Clinic to reveal the secrets of her success.
Missing 16-year-old schoolgirl is believed to be with a man in his 20s. Isobel Attwood has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in Winchester, Hampshire, on Saturday afternoon. Police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build' and has brown hair with extensions.
Kathie Lee Gifford says she didn't know Bruce Jenner's secret. The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female. Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that Kris had declined to comment on her husband's gender transition. The 59-year-old appeared to bite her lip as if holding back tears.
Blood gel made from patients' own blood could help heal burns. The gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. It is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient's arm and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components.
Woman who suffered seven miscarriages speaks out after family friend steals £207 set aside for her babies' grave stone. The bereaved mother, named Dawn, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show and accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of making off with the cash. When one of Mr Kyle's famous lie detector tests revealed that Jamie, who lives with Dawn and her partner who is also called Jamie, had done the deed, she burst into tears and stormed off.
Bruce Jenner's ex-wife shares emotional moment he told her he wanted to be a woman. Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, told how the Olympic champion first opened up to her when they married in 1972. 'He opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret.'
Photographer Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls, starring women with the disorder, which damages the lungs and digestive system.
Piano teacher John Goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday. He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries.
One of the last Inca rope bridges in the Andes remains thanks to local villagers who rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors. It spans 90ft over the Apurimac River some 100ft below, and villagers claim it has been there for 500 years. The bridge consists of five parallel 'ichu' ropes, which are braided to be about four inches thick, fastened at stone platforms on each side of the gorge. After the bridge has been built, it is left to disintegrate before being constructed again the next year.
Thief flees scene after stealing sat nav from injured pensioner's crashed car. The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the Asda store in Hulme, Manchester. The man is described as being between 30 and 40, with a beard and wearing purple surf-style shorts.
Prostate cancer patients suffer hot flushes. As a wealth management consultant for a prestigious London firm, Craig Lister is used to keeping his cool. But lately, that's become rather more difficult. Craig, 54, is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer, which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body.
Princess Beatrice arrives at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia. The 26-year-old was back on royal duties and travelled to Litchfield in Staffordshire where she opened a new classroom at the school.
Loretta Lynch sworn in as U.S. attorney general. The 55-year-old Lynch was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation. She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country.
Thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day. Many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up.
Nick Clegg vows to cling on as Liberal Democrat leader even if party is wiped out. Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs. But yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job 'in all circumstances'.
1,000ft of seabed forced to the surface on Hokkaido Island. The extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface in some places, exposing what used to be the ocean floor. The new stretch of land came as a complete surprise to the locals, as there was no indication of the land movement overnight.
New South Wales braces for more wild weather. Meteorologists say early indicators show an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit again bringing heavy rain from Thursday through to Saturday. The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed.
How to lose belly fat in 30 days. James Staring, a London-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat. From writing a food diary to doing short burst of tough exercise, he reveals the best ways to burn away belly fat.
Michigan girl dismissed from Catholic school for not meeting academic standards during leukemia treatments has been invited back but will attend a public school for now, her mother said. Barbara McGrath said St. Joseph Middle School officials informed her that Rose McGrath could return to the Battle Creek school but postponed a meeting to discuss concerns until later this week to allow for 'a cooling-off period.'
Victoria Beckham and David Beckham voted the most stylish Brits of all time. Victoria Beckham might be one of the world's most successful fashion designers, but she still can't seem to pip her husband at the style stakes. A new poll of the most fashionable Brits puts David at number three, with Victoria trailing behind at number nine.
Poldark fans complain of 'withdrawal symptoms' after series finale. For eight weeks, the sight of a shirtless Aidan Turner swinging scythes and standing up to the nefarious Warleggans has been getting the nation hot under the collar. Now, less than 12 hours after the finale, disgruntled viewers have taken to Twitter to complain of withdrawal symptoms.
Man accused of murdering woman whose dismembered body was found three days after she went missing. Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47, after her body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, South Wales on Friday. May is charged with a single charge of murder.
An An anonymous Good Samaritan has donated $360,000 to pay for a man's mortgage after he lost his wife and house in the mudslide that swept Washington last year. Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were at home in Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014, when tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down from upland.
The most uncomfortable cars in Britain. Anyone who has spent hours sitting in a traffic jam can attest that cars are not always the most comfortable spaces. But some are considerably worse than others.
Many of the smartphones on sale today - including Apple's iPhones, Samsung's Galaxy phones and LG phones - come with built-in FM chips. However, nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated. Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature. It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts. Some phones use the headphone cords as an antenna, but this would need to be connected to the smartphone devices. There is also
Bali Nine ringleader Andrew Chan marries girlfriend Febyanti Herewila. Just days before convicted drug smuggler Andrew Chan is set to face death by firing squad, reports have emerged that he has married his girlfriend of three years. Andrew Chan (pictured) married his fiancee of three-and-a-half years at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday with immediate family present. This comes just months after he proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February.
Google engineer Dan Fredinburg's girlfriend Ashley Arenson says he was a'magical person' who would constantly challenge himself. The girlfriend of a Google engineer who died in the deadly avalanche on Mount Everest described him as a magical person whose purpose in life was to constantly challenge herself. The boyfriend of the Google engineer killed in the Everest avalanche said he was 'a magical person' with a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted.
Kim Richards admits to Dr Phil McGraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest. She's in rehab now, but the big question remains: What exactly happened at the Polo Lounge at the swank Beverly Hills Hotel that led to Kim Richards' out of control behavior? The real housewife was arrested following an emotional breakdown after a heated exchange with the maître d' at The Polo Lounge, Daily Mail Online can reveal.
The Only Way Is Essex star Lydia Bright meets Ed Miliband. With just 10 days to go until the general election, Ed Miliband has already won one political battle – as the nation's 'best looking' political leader. First it was the'milifandom' – with thousands of teenage girls allegedly swooning for the Labour leader on Twitter.
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria, where residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the Communist regime. Named after the patron saint of Bulgaria, the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir, near the town of Tvardica. Residents’ abandoned homes were inundated and destroyed when the settlement and surrounding area – including two other towns – were submerged in 1965. Most inhabitants moved to neighbouring villages that were not affected when the
How to get the enviable physiques of the stars. This week: Jennifer Lopez's arms.
New lineage of dinosaur that grazed on plants, despite being closely related to notorious carnivore Tyrannosaurus rex, has been discovered in Chile. The dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Period, around 145 million years ago, is named after the country where it was discovered.
The EOssc2 is described as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and is designed to connect to others to form a train. Created at the DFKI Robotics Centre in Bremen, Germany, the concept vehicle is intended to be semi-autonomous. The car's computer and its auto-navigation system enables it to park itself, 'even within narrow and congested roads,' the firm said. 'Later, an autopilot will be able to drive the car without a single passenger intervention creating the driverless car,' it added.
American sailor plunges eight floors from balcony of Perth hotel before landing in pool. Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am after a 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level. An American sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging into a swimming pool from a hotel's balcony.
Girls do better in single sex schools than boys, headmistress says. Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire, reportedly said that a 'boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex. She also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world'.
Nigel Farage has proclaimed that he will'smash apart' Labour's 'one-party state' in the North at the election. The Ukip leader said that his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats.
Second Navy SEAL dies following training accident. The Navy says a second SEAL has died following a training accident in a swimming pool at a base in Virginia. Lt. David Lloyd tells media outlets that Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan.
George W. Bush slams Obama over Iran nuclear deal. He rarely ever publicly criticizes his successor, Barack Obama.But on Saturday night, George W Bush apparently lashed out at the President's foreign policy.
Florida mansion accused of being home to a'secret stripper school' to be sold. Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property. The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. It's website also lists a spa room with a waterfall and massage area.
The frightened youngster was confronted by homeless Isa Richardson who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down, a court heard. The schoolgirl, who has not been named, told police she felt intimidated by Richardson, 46, and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money. The court ordered her to pay £20 to the young victim because of the stress she was forced to endure in the incident.
Tyra Banks makes her awards ceremony hosting debut at the 42nd annual Daytime Emmy Awards. The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television. She's a natural!
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain. His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her.
Karen Bell jailed for 12 months after blackmailing man for £55. Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, East Yorkshire, met the man on the dating website and the pair exchanged flirty texts - before meeting up to act out their fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers. She later increased the demands, claiming her son had secretly filmed their tryst and the footage was ready to publish, until she received £55.
Sky launched its Buy and Keep scheme for customers this time last year. It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles using an app, as well as receive a hard copy in the post.
Russian bikers camped out on Polish border after being banned from entering country for World War II memorial ride. A Russian biker gang, which Vladimir Putin describes as his 'friends', has camped in Poland after being barred from entering the country for a memorial ride. The Night Wolves want to travel across Eastern Europe to honour the Red Army soldiers who died in the Allied defeat of Hitler's Germany, visiting their graves and other war sites. They were allowed to go on by Belarusian guards but they were then held in a hangar by Polish officials.
Pat Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals, taking in dogs from as far afield as Romania and Hungary. She estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets.
Betheny Coyne, 24, from Wigan, Lancashire, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. But she defied medical predictions and now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children.
SBS journalist Scott McIntyre sacked over Anzac day tweets. A senior writer for the Australian Financial Review has labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs', while standing up for an SBS football reporter who was sacked after condemning Anzac Day on Twitter. SBS journalist Scott McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his tweets which called Anzac day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes which included 'widespread rape and theft.'
Australian filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?' Murray, from Brisbane in Queensland, recently spent months travelling across the US, and documented his interactions with locals all around the country.
Toxicology results show that an off-duty New Jersey officer was drunk when he caused a wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend on a New York City highway, a Staten Island prosecutor said Monday. Tests show Linden Officer Pedro Abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal limit in New York is 0.08.
Britain is now in for a reality check as ice, rain and snow arrive with -5C (23F) temperatures. The colder weather is set to last the first half of May - and the forecast comes less than a fortnight after the mercury breached the 25C (77F) mark.
Leaks from NBC investigation into Brian Williams were given to the press to pressure him into resignation. News broke this weekend that the committee investigating the NBC star found he lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times. The leaked information, along a report that Williams lied during an interview on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network, according to media executives.
Comedian Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar, Cigars and Stripes, when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass. She filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone - revealing that opening the door took her into a closet providing a clear view of the stall.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls. Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda.
Disabled man forced to live in tent after being evicted from his home. Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital. They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and they had to be amputated.
Prince Harry to fly out of UK without seeing new baby. Harry, who will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival, had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon after undertaking several engagements in Turkey to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign. He was dragging out his return until tonight in the hope of getting to meet the new little prince or princess.
Nasa has unveiled an interactive tool that lets you explore this world. Using the map you can see a huge amount of features on Vesta, from craters to the amount of sunlight hitting the surface - and switching to '3D mode' also lets you fly around like you were in your own spacecraft.
Veteran MMA fighter Eben Kaneshiro found dead in Oregon jail after apparent suicide. Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12. Paramedics were unable to revive him after he was found unconscious around 3am on Sunday. New Breed Jiu-Jitsu, the Portland martial arts gym he owned, is now closed.
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells have been accused of being too lax when it comes to giving out parking tickets for infringements. The investigation was carried out by officials from Powys County Council, who could not understand why the council was losing money on enforcing parking restrictions.
Man dies in road accident eight months after brother was killed. The man in his 50s, who has only been named as Mr Zhang, was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in Dezhou City in east China when he was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike. He later died in hospital from his injuries.
3AW host John Burns named as the media personality who allegedly called Bachar Houli a 'terrorist'. Melbourne radio broadcaster John Burns has been revealed as the media personality alleged to have vilified Richmond's Bachar Houli. Burns, who hosts 3AW morning show Ross and John with Ross Stevenson, is alleged.
Teachers are helping pupils to cheat by giving advice during exams, wrongly bumping up marks and even writing coursework, it has been revealed. Tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers after an appeal by the exams watchdog.
Samantha Armytage has come under fire for a comment made during a Sunrise broadcast last month. The cause of controversy came when the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer.
££2,000 designer tote bag, hand-made in Japan, was a 50th birthday gift for Hampstead woman, Sabine Smouha, from her husband Jeremy, the director of an investments company. But when it arrived in Britain in 2013, customs officers confiscated it because Nile crocodiles are a protected species and it didn't have the right documentation.
London Crossrail excavations uncover 2,000-year-old human skulls. The latest discovery of cremated human bones packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the historic River Walbrook, in London, has experts questioning whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony. When about 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in the sediment in 2013 it had been thought that they had got there down stream after being eroded out of a Roman cemetery to the north - but new evidence suggests otherwise.
Kevin Love, who dislocated his left shoulder on Sunday, has criticized his opponent for what he called a 'bush-league' play. Cleveland's power forward was injured in the first quarter of the Cavaliers' 101-93 victory that completed a four-game sweep.
Naunihal Singh, 54, woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh (pictured) and slashed him with a kitchen knife at his son and daughter-in-law’s home. The attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after a heated argument over the couple's lack of children.
Hedgehog sniffing around in the dusk was once a common sight - but experts warn it may soon become a thing of the past. One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, according to a wildlife survey.
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base, the pooches stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up.
Spitfire P9374, one of the earliest Spitfires ever to go into action, goes on sale for £2.5m after 40 years buried in sand on French beach. The fighter plane, dubbed the ballerina because of its grace in the skies, was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber. It was consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for 40 years.
Georgia teacher killed in car crash. Alton Hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old Leah O'Brien at her home on the night of Saturday, April 25, he told WSBTV.
National Trust replaces antique furniture with beanbags in library. Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House in Suffolk earlier this year and replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags. The move was designed to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere' in the room.
Firefighter rescues six ducklings trapped in a storm drain using a duck ringtone. Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain. In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety.
Chip is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients. Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, discussed the new development with CNN Money.
Selena Dicker, 38, outran the avalanche on Mount Everest in the wake of the Nepal quake. A British climber has cheated death on Everest for the second time in a year, it emerged last night. As rescuers faced a desperate race against time to airlift stranded climbers off the world's highest peak after the devastating earthquake on Saturday night, Selina Dicker described how she ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through Base Camp.
Brenda Finn, 30, from London, became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out due to alopecia. She was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school.
3D map of the universe spans nearly two billion light years. The innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date. It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter – one of physics' greatest mysteries. A slice through the 3D Map of the nearby Universe. Our Milky Way galaxy is in the centre, marked by a cross.
Mystery of Easter Island's mysterious 'hats' made of red stone. Experts believe that the hats, or 'pukao', were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft (12 metres) tall. They are made from red volcanic rock called scoria and experts are divided as to what they may have been, with suggestions ranging from hairstyles to turbans and diadems.
Stephen Gilbert bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in Cornwall. The metaphor became all too real for Stephen Gilbert when he was bitten by the animal while campaigning in Cornwall. He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has already made up her mind about gay marriage, a report has claimed, ahead of a landmark Supreme Court hearing which could legalize the practice nationwide. The famously liberal justice, who is 82, will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states.
Utah couple who had been married for 74 years die five hours apart. Madelyn Yensen, 94, of Salt Lake City, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm. The couple had lived since 1949 in a quaint, brick home where they raised their three children.
Elle Macpherson carries urine tester kit to check her pH balance. The model has revealed that she carries around a pH balance urine test kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body. The body's pH value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is, and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease.
Bali Nine drug smuggler Myuran Sukumaran to face execution with dignity. Condemned Bali 9 drug smuggle Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the Indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight Wednesday. That's according close supporter and artist Ben Quilty, who has taken to the airwaves.
'lipgloss queen' Jemma Gawned, 40, now runs a wildly successful raw food empire, and insists that'spreading the vibration of love through food' is the key to her success. The entrepreneur also opened up about her time on Australia's first series of Big Brother, how she was portrayed and the lack of support for contestants once they leave the show.
Sierra Pippen was charged with public urination and public intoxication on Sunday and was released on a $500 bond at about 10am. Police were called to the Sheraton in Iowa city around 1.30am.
Father asked to leave Wetherspoon because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms. David Curry, 49, had travelled ten miles from home to visit The Wallow in Blyth, Northumberland, for the first time with wife Vee, 45, and her daughter Kayleigh. But when the family arrived Mr Curry was told he could not stay in the pub because of his attire.
J.M. Giordano, who works at the City Paper, says Baltimore police'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly. A video posted to the newspaper's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking him as Baynard Woods screams, 'He's a photographer! He's press!'.
Retired general Sir Frank Kitson sued over murder in Northern Ireland more than 40 years ago. A retired general is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, a Catholic killed by loyalists in 1973. It is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the Troubles.
Ancient civilisations such as the Romans, Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years. Now one academic suggests that modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture.
Google Waze under pressure to turn off police-tracking function. The Waze app, which operates like a free GPS navigation tool, allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more, so that other drivers using Waze are warned as they approach the same location. There are growing concerns that Google's Waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations. Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed two NYPD police officers.
Woman who tipped the scales at 20st is due to run a 10k race. Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in December 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat. Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb.
Orchid has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal, to attract insects - but the driving force behind this unusual shape was not known, until now. Researchers have found that its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins and by tweaking them, they can convert this lip into a standard petal. The study, published in the journal Nature Plants, extends scientists' understanding of the mechanisms leading to the diverse beauty of orchid flowers. Orchids have three sepals, which sometimes look like other petals, and a single column at the centre. Lips attract insect pollinators
Poppy Smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling. When Poppy (pictured) Smart was wolf whistled at by builders on her walk to work, she at first tried to ignore it. But as the whistles and accompanying sexist comments turned into a daily ritual, the 23-year-old began to get upset. Finally, after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site, the marketing co-ordinator decided she'd had enough – and called the police. Miss Smart, who recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone's video function, also contacted
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients, but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people. It has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, now known for its crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases which has allowed some of the rooms to be filled with leaves and snow. It was opened to relieve pressure on a nearby facility and covers around 678,000 square feet.
WWF identifies 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur. By 2030 up to 170 million hectares (420 million acres) of forest - equivalent to the combined size of Germany, France, Spain and Portugal - could be lost, conservationists have warned. The areas are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America, the Choco-Darien in Central America, East Africa, eastern Australia, the Greater Mekong in South East Asia, Borneo, New Guinea and Sumatra. The fronts, which are at
Thailand has seized three tons of ivory hidden in tea leaf sacks from Kenya in the second-biggest bust in the country's history, customs officials said today. The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), which were bound for Laos, were seized upon arrival Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand.
Nicola Bonn's candid blog Upfront Mama: 'I’ve spent way too much time explaining myself and almost apologising for my decisions and I’m knackered and need a break and a glass of wine ASAP!'. Like so many new mothers, Nicola was learning on the job and found the whole experience 'exciting yet utterly petrifying'.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother Hafez al Assad, who was Syria's president at the time and is also Bashar's father. He has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury moving between homes in Paris, London and the southern Spanish city of Marbella. The inquiry into the former Syrian vice president's finances was triggered by Sherpa, an activist group representing the victims of financial crime, which claims his fortune was stolen during his time at the heart of the Syrian regime.
Sheriff Tim Albin, second in command at the sheriff's department where reserve deputy accidentally killed a man because he fired his gun instead of a Taser has resigned. Albin was named in a 2009 internal investigation released Friday that showed deputies had expressed concerns about Bates' performance.
Jeremy Clarkson and his Top Gear colleagues were just about to renew their lucrative contacts for three more years but they were scrapped when the star punched the show's producer. James May, 52, revealed he had prematurely celebrated the three-year deal by ordering a rare £200,000 Ferrari before Clarkson's sacking after an infamous 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon. May says he had ordered the last ever Ferrari 458 Speciale - in bright orange - while the 'draft version' of the lucrative contract was sitting on his desk.
Victoria Beckham at the London marathon. As one of the world's most successful female designers, Victoria Beckham was unlikely to turn up at the marathon in trainers. Despite it being an off-duty day, the 41 year old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son Romeo, 12, in the children's marathon earlier today.
Stana Katic marries longtime boyfriend Kris Brkljac. She's done a very good job at keeping her personal life under wraps for many years. But on Monday Stana left a big cat out of the bag.
Ellen Gallant, a cardiologist from Utah, was attempting to climb the world's tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck, sparking an avalanche that killed 18 people. Four US citizens who were on Mount Everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and Sherpas.
The Home Office was warned that Lord Janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it. An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation. But instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police. The revelation will heighten fears that the peer, now 86, was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up. The missed opportunity to bring him to justice echoes the case of Cyril Smith who continued in public life despite repeated warnings of his crimes.
Toddler struck and killed by uncle who was driving while under the influence. Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday at 12.25pm, according to Georgia State Patrol Cpl. Auston Allen.
Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive' on Monday night. Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo. Chan and Sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants during official proceedings on Saturday, saying they believed it would be unjust to kill them. 'Where there's life, there's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just can't do this anymore and this is why we're all here this evening.'
Belgian food blogger Yves Van De Ven enjoyed poking fun at those tourist clichés and took a couple of pictures deliberately missing some of the more famous monuments. Little did he know he would become an internet sensation, after his photo with the Eiffel Tower captioned 'nailed it'.
Texas A Texas A&M, Galveston, professor decided to fail his entire class after he claimed that they cheated in class and were disruptive and rude. In a letter he sent to his strategic management students, Professor Irwin Horwitz claimed that he had seen cheating, heard false rumors about himself and other students and had been called a 'f****** moron' to his face.
Mother Sharon Wood listened intently as the details of how they were killed by fumes at the four-star Corfu hotel were outlined at an inquest. Christianne Shepherd, seven, and her brother Robert, six, were overcome by carbon monoxide that leaked from a faulty boiler as a 'happy and relaxed' family holiday in Corfu ended in 'appalling tragedy'.
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message 'I'm sorry' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon. The aerial apology hovered above the CBD at about 1pm, prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what.
Mother of girl murdered 40 years ago finally asks to see crime scene photos. Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975. Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared.
AlbertaAlberta student who'd accidentally left his headlights on all day was greeted by what may have been the world's friendliest note from a stranger when he returned to his car.But Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, found more than just the note that cold November day in Edmonton--he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead Acura back to life.At first, though, he assumed the letter was from an angry fellow motorist, he told the National Post.'When I first saw the note, I was expecting it to be an angry letter from someone telling me
'Insta-fame' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs, according to leading Australian modelling agencies. While being beautiful, fit and healthy is expected, it's all about a demand for the 'influencer' now.
Scientists have created a live imaging map of the tongue's taste buds to determine what happens each time we place food in our mouths. It reveals how taste buds have different cells that are used to differentiate between between the five basic groups of flavours.
Nicola Sturgeon today threatened to 'change the direction' of the UK parliament without even becoming an MP. The SNP leader insisted she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament.
Man takes 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike. Lu Xincai, who lives in Zhejiang province in eastern China, says that he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease. He ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she doesn't fall off.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges, choosing not to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) She also declined to send a lawyer in her place. The panel has been told Ms Ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria between February 2004 and September 2013.
Michael Churton from New York, was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft above sea level, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with.
Chris Kyle's widow Taya Kyle reveals the moment she first broke the news to their two children that their father had been murdered. The widow of US Navy SEAL Chris Kyle told ABC's Robin Roberts she gathered her son, Colton and daughter, McKenna and prepared to tell them. 'I remembered just closing my eyes, the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe.'.
The Archers writer reveals keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes. Veteran scriptwriter for the Radio 4 drama, Keri Davies, said that having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing. He added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
Man arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway at Utah airport. Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off, crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence. The events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago. Victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died.
Father says he won't stop his five-year-old daughter from wearing rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to school. Jef Rouner wrote in the Houston Press that his daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her 'full-length' dress were 'against the rules'. 'We still live in a country where someone can decide the shoulders of, and I can't stress this enough, a five year old girl are so distracting that they must be sent away and decently hidden,' he said. 'It's not repurposed
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders. He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.
Driving licence shake-up: Britons heading to Europe on holiday face nightmare of arriving at their destination and not being able to hire a car. From June 8, holidaymakers heading abroad will have to log on to the DVLA website the day before and put in their driving licence number to obtain a special code to give to their car hire company when they arrive at the desk. But fears are growing that the ‘muddled’ introduction of the new rules will mean people could be turned away because many car hire firms abroad will still insist on examining the paper document to check for endorsements or bans.
Boyfriend grants girlfriend's birthday wish of having her wedding photos taken. Guo Kai and girlfriend Dong Hui, who turned 22 on Monday, had been planning to get married this month in Sichuan in southwest China. But Dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital, meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2 that would limit Iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon. They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief. Kerry and Zarif reconvened at the Upper East Side home of Iran's ambassador to the United Nations today after their marathon negotiations in Switzerland with several questions outstanding. Particularly problematic for President Barack
Wife Mark Lowe, 32, from Skelmersdale, Lancashire, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death, after Wayne, then 33, attacked him in his bed with a knife. Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said: '[Mark] will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother.'
Tony Toutouni threatens to become the new King of Instagram. The 42-year-old entrepreneur - who chronicles his immensely extravagant lifestyle on the photo-sharing site and is usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models - admits 'it's not that hard to get any girl you want'..
Chandni Nigam, 19, killed by speeding train at Twyford railway station in Berkshire. A student who was stressed about her studies was killed by a speeding train, a coroner heard today. An inquest into her death was told.
Spotify identifies the average age of midlife crises. Staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists – which usually contain hits from their youth – in favour of today's chart toppers from the likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith. If you're in your early 40s, own a flash car and have started listening to Taylor Swift and One Direction, you are likely to be having a midlife crisis.
Miriam González Durántez wears bright pink floral dress to fashion show and award gala. The lawyer, wife of the Deputy Prime Minister and mother of three boys, wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show in central London tonight. Her bright pink, long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms.
Dr Tareq Kamleh still allowed to practice medicine in Australia despite appearing in ISIS propaganda video. The blue-eyed doctor, who fled to join the Islamic State, still remains registered to practice in Australia until September 30 because the Medical Board has refused to deregister him. The video quickly went viral and caused his former medical colleagues in Australia to speak out.
Brazilian town celebrates 150th anniversary of end of Civil War. It had all the trappings of a down-home country fair somewhere well below the Mason-Dixon line: Lynyrd Skynyrd medleys, mile-long lines for fried chicken, barbecue and draft beer, and a plethora of Confederate flags emblazoning everything from belt buckles to motorcycle vests to trucker caps. For many of the residents of Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state, having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride that's celebrated in high style at the annual '
Mother-to-be stops taking painkillers for the sake of her unborn daughter. Lynn, from Chippenham, had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain as she suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia. The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly, which causes pain when she moves.
'mean and despicable' couple who decorated their flat with sentimental trinkets and tributes that were looted from graves have been banned from cemeteries indefinitely. Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, covered their home in York with wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade toys, all of which were once placed on gravestones by grieving family members.
Victoria Hiley's Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is made with donated breast milk. It's the first food for a large number of the population, and many consider it to be one of the best starts in life. And nutrient-rich, there is no denying that breast milk has myriad benefits for babies.
Joshua Sweet, 20, from Birmingham, was freed and given a three-year community order on account of an early plea and having spent just two months in jail awaiting his court appearance Madhu Rai, prosecuting, said Sweet broke into the victim's home and took items including car keys and a mobile phone before making his way upstairs, where the victim was asleep. In the dead of night, she awoke to find the intruder'standing beside her bed' and screamed, which is when the terrifying assault began.
Ian Rogers, 36, became hooked on all things paranormal as a child and took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000. Since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection... and he's on the hunt for more to add.
German government warned of heightened risk of flying over Ukraine just days before MH17 crash. Despite being told of the risk in diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash, Germany failed to pass on the warning, local media reported. Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine on July 17, and all 298 aboard were killed.
Google engineer Dan Fredinburg was given heartbreaking letters from friends and loved ones before he left Everest. The 33-year-old, who was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for Google Maps, was given the messages by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition. It isn't known whether he got a chance to read them.
The monster iceberg, larger than Manhattan, was spotted breaking away from West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf by the U.S. National Ice Center (NIC). Measuring 17 miles (27km) long, iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015. The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (Modis) on Nasa's Terra and Aqua satellites took images spanning the calving event.
Kim Kim Davies bought the Elizabethan manor in rural Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote the lyrics to All Things Bright and Beautiful. But he then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles and spotlights in the ceiling.
Millions of pounds were wiped off the value of leading housebuilders today after Labour announced a raft of new policies on housing. Ed Miliband today set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers, curbing rent rises and giving local people priority for new homes.
Bill Belichick ogling Chrissy Teigen's derriere at White House Correspondents' Dinner. Patriots coach Bill Belichick was just caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen's posterior over the weekend, but his girlfriend is already prepared to forgive. While Teigen’s husband, crooner John Legend, was labeling the incident 'Spy gate' and celebrity and sports websites were quick to shame the 4-time Super Bowl winner, his longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered, 'who didn't check her out in this photo?'.
Four children rescued from Philadelphia home after mother locked them in basement for 15 hours without food. Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911. The woman is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child.
Queen Letizia comforted the grieving families of some of the victims of the Germanwings plane crash at a poignant memorial service in Barcelona today. The flight, which was en-route from Barcelona to Dusseldorf, had 144 passengers and six crew members on board, including 50 Spaniards.
David Cameron backs Prince William and Kate's choice of private hospital for second child. Asked if the royal couple's choice was disappointing, David Cameron said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options – but also ensured he praised the NHS. The Prime Minister, a father of three, told Sky News: 'I think it's a total matter of choice for people - what they use and where they have their babies.'.
American Idol runner-up Clay Aiken body-slammed Rep. Renee Ellmers on Monday's Howard Stern Show. 'She's a b**ch!' Aiken told SiriusXM radio host Howard Stern, discussing his Esquire Network documetary program that chronicles his failed bid for a seat in the House of Representatives.
Thousands of commuters were left stranded at Waterloo station this afternoon after an earlier incident in which a person was struck by a train scuppered the entire day's services. Frustrated passengers packed the concourse this afternoon as services in and out of the city centre were delayed or cancelled.
Sor sorority housekeeper gifted $21,000 to buy herself the brand new car she was saving up for. Fannie Randle, who has worked at the USC sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years, was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape.
Dana Vulin: Woman who turned her into a 'human fireball' will appeal her 17-year jail sentence. It’s been just over three years since Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home, resulting in horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face, arms and torso. Now the woman who turned the 29-year-old into a ‘human fireball’, leaving her unable to make simple movements such as straightening her elbows due to the agonising scarring, will argue her sentence was too severe
The $39.99 (£26) Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve. It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160 °F) for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink to finish the beverage before its gets too cold. In the story, Goldilocks finds a house owned by three bears. Each bear has their own preference for porridge and beds and after testing all three she determines that one is too hot, one too large and baby bear's preference
Crown Princess Mary attends Anzac Day ceremony in Denmark. The 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event, wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves.
George Osborne's economic record will come under fresh scrutiny with data expected to show growth slowed at the start of 2015. Experts predict that the economy will have grown by 0.5 per cent in the first three months of the year, down from 0.9 per cent  in the same period in 2014. The latest growth figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) tomorrow morning, just nine days before voters go to the polls.
The chilling reenactment of how executions are carried out in Indonesia which was broadcast to millions of viewers is set to become a brutal reality for Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran. Time has run out for the Bali Nine ringleaders who will face 12 marksmen, with only three of them holding loaded guns, at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday night - 3am Eastern Standard Time - in the depths of the jungle on Nusakambangan Island in Java. The Australian men are expected to be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track
Ofcom to stop mobile phone firms charging customers to call supposedly free 0800 numbers. The net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the NHS, the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges. The changes were fought by the mobile phone networks, which have been making tens of millions of pounds a year from customers calling the numbers. In 2013, EE threatened to take legal action to block the move.
Dallas Cowboys' Greg Hardy forced to abandon his Bentley in flash floods. Just days after Dallas Cowboys star Greg Hardy was suspended from 10 NFL games he appeared to get into trouble when he drove his luxury car through flash floods in Dallas, getting stuck when the car could not make it through the rising, fast flowing waters. It is a week which has seen him in deep water - both on and off the pitch. The 25-year-old was forced to leave his Bentley stranded until the waters receded.
HIV self-testing kit on sale for the first time. An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it and may be transmitting the disease to others. The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like.
Tortoise escapes becoming cheetahs' fast food. Everyone knows the tortoise beat the hare, but this little fellow has gone one better. These pictures capture the amazing moment when one of the notoriously slow-moving reptiles escaped becoming big cat fast food by retreating into its shell.
Angus Hawley's brother reveals shock after ex-husband of Antonia Kidman dies from a suspected heart attack in New York after'returning from a swim'. Speaking to Daily Mail Australia on Monday, David Hawley said: 'It's a real shock, he was one of the fittest men I've ever met – he's swimming everyday.'.
